paint 3d gives me ||Lostbelt 6|| flashbacks... the nightmares i've had just from editing stuff
nope
Lol
And then of course there's Build Divers and stuff
My favorite Gundam from the anime series is probably either Unicorn or Barbatos
Just gonna wait until the inevitable Gundam Evolution tie-in effort first lol
It's yuri so I'm all in on this particular branch of Gundam
Don't really know if that should be a spoiler or not honestly
||Apparently there's a Yuri ship in the new Gundam anime. Which is pretty cool||
lol
I see a few names listed that I'm familiar with but I haven't watched
What anime, and are there cute dragon girls in these anime
That's funny
AAARGH!!!
Lol
Lol sounds about right
But what are other reasons to elongate the sound like that
To show surprise and such
why is it that sometimes it's elongated like so
Nyaaaaaaa
That's why I call it "the catgirl effect"
Supposed to be the sound that cats make
It's a sound/word thing in Japanese
Oh
I was referring to what I call "the catgirl effect"
Wut
Yeah
what is nya exactly and why does it exist?

Nvm I found it
I believe the screen looked something like this
Anyone have a screenshot of a gundam boot screen from Iron blooded orphans
Wait a mucking minute... so the author of one of the more recent yuri manga is trans? Nice.
Only one of those has an anime correct?
Are there any isekai where yuri is the central focus though
Any that have been adapted to anime
I forget the other term for Yuri because I haven't gone down that rabbit hole in ages lol
Speaking of isekai with queer themes are there any *good* ones with yuri in them
Lol
Don't know how many eps though
Punishing Grey Raven has a JP dub of it's anime
oof
although i never watched any of the Marvel stuff that is being referred to here.
agreed
wut. that's *interesting*
sounds about right
lol
what's it about
hyperlinks do that sometimes
wasn't sure if the hyperlink showed the full title
oh
?
what anime
sorry bout that
trying to stay awake for new years and so my post accuracy might be a little off
spoilered names in case those who have watched are not too far into the anime
has anyone seen Eminence In Shadow? i need enlightenment as to who best girl is? some people say ||Delta|| some people say ||Epsilon|| some people say some of the other girls are the best girl. asking for survey purposes only. don't want to start a war. i've just seen so many things on youtube that have conflicting viewpoints.
i'm already looking into that
honestly i'm probably going to watch anime and use language learning services in addition to that
lol
and anything she looks up on the internet is people saying things about the honorifics that i know are incorrect
my friend was watching Fate I believe it was and she's now confused about the honorifics
also while we are on the subject of learning Japanese, can someone give me a quick rundown on the different honorifics and what they mean.
i'll see what i can find
lol
unfortunately my time to do so is limited because of life being cruel
i'll look up good language learning services in my spare time
i'll try that out thanks
duolingo is actually good?
stupid job cursed my life
but i stopped because of my job
i used to take online lessons
i'm learning japanese via anime and anime alone what anime are good for that purpose?
lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHsTs4nXTfQ
someone nightcore'd God-shattering Star.
