Welcome
Welcome
Heyoo <:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
That's adorable
Yeah
<:ShemHaTilt:729980149529051156>
That smile!
There's no data to back any advantage to eat only meat
But I seriously doubt it's good for you.
I think it's possible to survive on only meat because that's what the inuit has only been able to eat for generations.
The beef only diet thing is being pushed by doctors Kevin Stock and Shawn Baker.
That is terrifying
<@284390402210136064> <a:ShirabeSob:725756411312734228> <a:KirikaSob:725756440463147048>
Also I know it's just anecdotal, but I have a MtF friend who got bottom surgery and doesn't regret it.
That sucks
Lmao
I guess I don't like the idea of my coworkers feeling prankish one day
Yeah that could happen
Is to normal to hate leaving your drink alone at work?
Gl!
like yesterday I visited a beach with a close friend and we walked alongside it, then all of a sudden she begins to walk towards the water head on
they usually come on parallel with some really unusual thinking
also these don't come on by themselves that's the really annoying part
but now I'm more confident that won't happen
At first it was kind of scary because I was afraid of ending up completely lost in a psych ward
That being said I've been getting better at dealing with it with time
Also a bothersome one is seeing objects move in an unnatural way
but I usually won't sleep well after something like that
you have to do a little investigation to make sure you're not in danger
that one's a little hard to deal with because you can't dismiss it as a hallucination
like someone just banging on my outside door at night
sometimes I get the really hard ones
like seeing the shadow of a person move behind you
I generally see 2-4 a day but they're really minor things
I would like to say I'm used to it
<:AkagaHug:585619417925287956>
I hope it gets better for both of yous
But only just once so I can't claim I have it bad
I was a victim of physical abuse from my dad too
But I might be confusing it with something like paranoia
sometimes it makes me ||puke||
but I just usually chalk it up to my mental illness
and it's been showing up for a few hours everyday
I think I'm familiar with it, It's by far the worst emotion I've ever felt
but I think that feeling of ''dread'' that you describe
I don't know if it's a real emotion
I'm sorry to hear that <@!170641480791228417>
But it turns out it's impossible to tell, they're 100% realistic
I swear I cursed myself haha, I remember thinking at one point in my childhood about hallucinations and I came up with the conclusion that they're no big deal because you should be able to tell if they're real or fake
It helps a lot
Thanks for listening
It's perfectly fine I'm doing my best to deal with it
Yeah
and for some reason I was **convinced** that she was going to ||suicide walk|| into the water
so I'm kind of financially unsecure
and I learned that I have a lot of unpaid taxes
medication side effect has not able to ride my bike, I dropped it and just that its costing me a few hundred dollars
hoping that life gets better
Its a serious rock and a hard place scenario
It even leads to child abuse.
That seriously grinds down relations to the nth degree.
I'm also worried of the effects on family relationships when a developing child is blamed for spreading a plague to their family.
Yeah I agree
I would argue losing lung health and family members sure tips the scales on that.
Physical health should never leave the picture.
So what if it eats a bit of summer break to pause some learning?
I don't see how this has been done easily through cooperation with private institutions and industries, but somehow can't be applied to school.
Maybe a measured pause in school activity should be on the table.
I just think maybe the way school operates should be more flexible, when the cases rise tremendously in school attending kids.
wild
<:MikuLaugh:688429715676987428>
This is just a guess (and I'm a big fan of democracy despite this) but it was probably because elected officials were afraid that large lockdowns would kill their chances of re-election.
Yeah it was handled really poorly.
Probably but a little investment in alternative learning could correct that.
its just a lose lose to keep them open
but it harms the economy by spreading diseases to parent workers
you would think so
and then lying about the consequences
Sending kids to plagueland everyday
God that's so messed up
Gunning down an unarmed child who's raising his hands up is indefensible.
Yeah I feel like that should hardly be debated lol
there's a supply of over 300M guns in america its not unusual for a child to come across one
the chicago story fucks me up
or how a nuclear powered aircraft carrier(incredibly huge ship) can run approximately 50 years without refueling
nuclear power is a serious piece of technology when done right, for example the mars rover can run for decades despite being the size of a car without solar pannels because it carries their own nuclear reactor.
or so I was told
making nuclear meltdowns virtually impossible
the pebble-bed reactor as they call it
Yeah especially with the new design I think
