Nice crop
This emote is very cute
What scene is this from
it makes me think of mad max, all shiny and chrome
Still can’t see her smile properly
ok i tried it and now she just looks...cursed
i think the smile is just too small to be seen even if its brightened
That’s a good idea I’ll try it.
Smh why you gotta be so white miku
I tried it out, the bright red eyes stand out but her smile disappears cause of the contrast
Was gonna grab the top from another frame and transplant it on but they either didn’t match up or were too low quality
tried to crop it nicer. the shot its from doesn't pan all the way to the top of her head though <:ChrisAngry:336656958272700417>
Ooh that’s a good name
Ok what about crazy shemha
Too small?
If I crop her out can we have a carol emote called “3 o’clock”
so many emotes!!!
the world needs more symphogears in suits'
she looks fucking fine
Yessssssss
Chris with her hair down is my fave
Loving all these hair style swaps
That was a blu ray only thing right?
It was in front of us the entire time
Mind blown
Elfnein is too wholesome
Nice
hibiki lookin cute
my iphone wallpaper for the past few weeks
https://twitter.com/funimon/status/1177983908354199554
If I knew Japanese I’d watch it raw gotta wait for subs like a pleb
do you guys watch it on crunchyroll or wait for fansubs?
Can we just have an ova just of Miku and hibiki being cute. Their personalised rubber duckies are killing me
Then the American just calls them out of nowhere
I remember that now. The bridge crew needed this vital piece of info or they would lose
OMG YEAH
Solid reference
Yeah do those missiles disappear when she turns off her geah
Didn’t “mom” beat them though? But I guess she did it for love
So is no one allowed to have a decent family in symphogear?
Do you think elfnein karaoke song gonna be available on CD?
The call was probably to tell Millarc that they need miku as well as elfnein
Psyche it was actually Milaarc that offed herself. Never saw that coming
Her gear was made for hand holding
It better happen
Miku probably bought them
I love that they have custom rubber duckies for each other
Five feet apart cause they’re not gay
Their just two friends
Chilling in a bathtub
Nothing bad
It better only be good stuff
Is there a site where I can see all the keywords
I don’t think  hibiki knows how taxes work
Good view and spacious
Their apartment looks hella nice
She can’t spoil the show
lol where’s that clip from symphogear live. Where Yuka iguchi says “as hibikis...wife”
A Metal GEAH
i love the beat drop after "ready go". shirabe and kirika duets are my favourite
Dozens!
There are dozens of us!
10 right?
How many brothers does genjuro have
Wouldn’t yatsuhiro know his wife is still alive? Doubt fudou could hide something like that
She’s only had like one concert  that didn’t go to shit
Being a sword is suffering
Let him die an asshole. 
And maybe via tsubasa but that might be traumatising
I don’t fudou to redeem himself
Hey I heard you just lost a fight, you suck and should join me instead.
Father of the year
Man Fudo is such a dick
It’s a solid number
So tsubasa gets an eyepatch, Chris becomes a fascist and hibiki is upside down?
<:ChrisEmbarassed:336656400472080386>
The question is who ends up with tsubasa, Chris or Maria?
You forgot the best part, they have matching custom rubber ducks
They’re just two really close friends.
That eat,sleep and bathe together
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
That’s my only wish for this season
It better end with Miku and hibikis wedding
its a bait
the sword happy?
What if they just show his corpse like rotting in the background
<@!182890099183190018>  with how loved/hated ver is, we’re going to see him back somehow
3 o clock pose
AND GENOCIDE
GENOCIDE
carol broke it
yeah thats her singing the ED
but other than that it was amazing!!!
Only thing i wanted from this episode was kirika and shirabe duet
i think its like a hulk situation. she'll only switch when elfnein is in trouble.
WE HYYPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPE
if it was a dog sword like the one in pokemon she would have won
cause she was fighting a dog not a sword
just finished watching the episode
GENOCIDE!!!
Glad we got to see the autoscorers again.  I always thought phara’s swordbreaker was cool as fuq
And the secret ingredient was love
Yeah
There’s an off handed comment about how it stinks
Who’s ears have we not seen
Kirika’s looks so weird in that screenshot
is carol x nein a crackship cause they're the same person
Hibikis will be  like “more hands to hold”
Maria is Ver jr
Oh no
Ver jr
Ver had a secret son
What about
🦀 Mikus dead 🦀
Genociding intensifies
I just pulled this from the wiki
I think so
First use?
Memories are just not very nutritious apparently
Carol is also very skinny

Or is it only elfnein that’s too busy to eat
Wait does carol Faust robe also the same?
Carol was a decent cook though
I just noticed this but,
Is that her ribs poking out the side or like some sort of double underboob thing
I liked the bit where garie couldn’t keep her hands from shaking
Poor micha, got her hand chopped off
When they showed all the destroyed autoscorers I got a little teary
when you’ll never be touched like that by International Superstar Maria Cadenzavna Eve <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
Oh my god genjuro and hibiki duet ala eye of the tiger
I now want to pick up boxing
Bayonet charge 2: charge harder
Anyone have any dream duets for this season?
Kirika and shirabe are always great but I want to see one with Maria and hibiki. Gugnir gals
~~I did mean ver but I had fudou on the brain~~
Fudou, ver they’re both old crazy people what’s the diff :p
what if fudou becomes a ghost to help carol ala saint germain
Never attended a single meetup or event but I saved so much
Totally
I joined a university club just because they have a discount for cinema tickets
Everything is cheaper on tuesdays
There’s also discounts on Tuesday’s
Same
past like 20ish age doesn’t matter
Carol looks so adorable in that outfit
I retract my previous statement
That is the smuggest tsubasa I’ve ever seen
Has the artist done it with the other gears?
I love silhouette art like this
Dess
Yeah
she'll have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda
Lmao
I like that they showed Chris’s shrine to her parents in xv
Especially genjuro <:GenjuurouThumbsUp:336657189475188740>
I should have downloaded them
Rip
Nuuuuu
I want her album
This season has my favourite Chris song
When does it come out?
I wonder what a symphogear light novel would be about
Danmachi aka hestia is breastia
this and wasteful days of high school girls are the only ones I’m watching
Lmao
This is the only anime I’m hyped for this season
<:ChrisDespair:607743600545234970>
Side note I can’t believe we’re halfway through the season
How much for fudou Faust robe with ver as his stand
Ver ignite module
Also Adam is there
Then he uses the nephilhim to absorb the powers of the new relic and becomes GOD
he was never dead
Carol gets beaten by noble red BUT VER COMES OUT OF NOWHERE
And then the crack theory
Carol ends up jobbing to miku to show how powerful she’s becomes
I’m predicting that the fight ends with carol kicking the noble reds ass but she took to long and miku getting absorbed by the relic
We need more handholding
I didn’t know they leaked the xv scripts :p
Hmm ok what about
Tsubasa gets a vision of kanade but psyche it’s actually Maria
Maybe the ghost of kanade helps tsubasa break free like carol and elfnein
We need more Kanade this season
It’s just tsubasa singing about farting
She’s so cuuuuute
Is there an edit yet where giorno theme is played over carol returning
That’s why it’s so good
Miku is so much gayer in the specials
She is kiri-sexual
She’s the perfect clueless protagonist 
Chris is the tsundere
Kanade is the childhood friend
Maria is the exchange student
not a love triangle, but just a tsubasa harem
Low key sad we never got an r&b based gear
Now I’m imagining Chris but her songs are all opera based
<:ChrisEnraged:423196924368388105> she’s on Spotify but all her cover songs are unavailable <:ChrisEnraged:423196924368388105>
amazing grace as well
There’s that memory song
She sings pretty good in English though
Ayahi’s English is pretty good imo
Hmm how good is nana’s English
But they still use the broken English for fine
English dub
My fave is probably the beach one or the one where miku gets jealous when hibiki goes on a  mission with Chris
if you find i'll be super grateful. i got that opening riff stuck in my head
time to go through the whole g soundtrack
https://streamable.com/awttt
anyone know the name of the song that plays in the background of this clip?
bayonet charge <:TsubasaSmug:585839805737467920> :<:ChrisSmile:336656717553074176>
The only cool thing about him was the telephone trick he has
Naked robot lookin ass
Adam was a stupid bad guy though
I don’t want elfnein transformation 2 electric boogaloo
Gotta block the crunchy roll channel
Thanks guys. Time to add it to the playlist
Punch-line bling?
If you had to name it what would you call it
The phone attack is probably the most creative move in the series though 
I’ll give him that
Then we can update the meme when they win
Durandal got destroyed at the end of s1 yeah? I wonder if they’ll reference it
What was the final episode of season 1 called?
Fudou looking like them deep fried meme bois
I wonder they have planned for the last episode then
New episode is called XV.
Are we allowed to talk about the previews in here?
<:Ver:336656981144109066>
<:ShirabeEmbarassed:336657288477671436>
Oh cool they’re done by the same people as the fansubs
Could I get a link to a translated archive?
Is there a translation for these comics?
Ngl, this frame has very...hentai vibes
Yeah, hibiki won on style points
She’s gonna close that door and be like “gimme that metanoia” <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Miku is definitely a top
Thank god they never went back to jealous miku plotlines like she was in  s1. Thirsty miku is so much better
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Miku
A determination to fist
Now I want elfnein to make the autoscorers new bodies but they’re tiny chibi ones like from the specials
The chibi lion <:ElfneinBullying:421432763078410241>
https://streamable.com/liao0
watching the xv henshins. the way hibiki puts on her scarf is so extra.
Amazing
They better not  kill miku
that ED was death flag central
Me at the end of every episode this season
This was episode 12 levels of hype
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>  
the return of the jam eyes
Why hasn’t that replaced the chart bois
Carol slapping the noble red  team around was so satisfying
<@216181207874928640>  that’s exactly what I expected from that meme
Miku better get that fist at the end
Is final commander the x drive song?
It’s Maria’s smug face that makes the meme though.
No amalgam got red taped
We still haven’t gotten DMjii song yet
I just want some more duets before the end of the season
if fudou wants the power of god for himself.
Maybe fudou just wants a cool henshin like his daughter
I was just wondering what’s the power difference between carol and the axz baddies?
So with noble red getting their shit kicked in by carol
And then fudou becomes a symphogear with his own henshin
XXX drive <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Episode 12
Her space boots 
I can’t deal
Can’t torrent on phone though
Ah fair enough
Is the YT subs out?
Crunchyroll subs didn’t translate the songs
Miku is totally the top
when hibiki comes home <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Carols memory is just the word GENOCIDE copy pasted a billion times
Could carol solo Adam?
I thought the Maria thing is the tsubasa Chris and Maria love triangle. 
Smh Maria going around boob touching other girls 
/s
They still have to answe wtf is up with airgetlam
Christ needs more gun in her transformation
Chris is best girl but her henshin has too much lasers
Kirika is lewdest but hibiki has the coolest henshin this season imo
Cya
I know they gave miku a henshin in G but that’s about it
do they add extra scenes for the BD like some other shows?
I think it was just to make it look cool and build more hype
Wait is hibiki going amalgam only possible cause she got cleansed?
Yeah I’m waiting for all geahs going amalgam
I mean purple screen
That’s a high quality blue screen
Ep 13 is just hibiki miku wedding duhh
I thought they blew a hole through the core
ayy YTT subs out
Undergears lmao
What do you call them
I love their like armorless outfits they have for XV
This is a shenshoujing
And this is a shenshoujing that has surpassed a shenshoujing a SSJ+ if you like
Super saiyan miku
Like genjuro was saying gugnir the spear that pierced Jesus
Didn’t they reference Jesus?
Reverse dainsleif
Miku as a sword
Nice
No Maria has funnels
There are not enough guns in Chris’ henshin
Revolvers are cool but billion maiden all the way
I want more quad Gatling guns plz
I want to see chris and Maria’s amalgam suits. Red and gold imo is a nice colour combo
Amalgam looks so nice
Ah ok
Side note: Undergear is a great name for this outfit.
Also Blue and gold looks really nice on tsubasa
Totally gay
Lmao
Lmao when Chris shot tsubasa point blank
Red hot blaze
All Vanessa needs is a heat hawk
Huge missile > boob missiles
Vanessa the human gundam is outclassed by Chris
Take this all loaded is a bop
This is my favourite Chris song though
Came out perfectly
Everyone else’s henshin are just too awesome this season.
They feel like a downgrade though.
Went from big Gatling guns to tint revolvers
Her revolvers are pretty dope
Double barrel shotgun Chris plz
Or a shotgun
Ep 13 we’re getting XX drive
Oh my god
I expected her to job to godmiku but this was way better
A cowboy hat on Chris just fits so well
Now that she has revolvers Chris can just go full cowgirl.
I just want shotgun Chris
A determination to kick
Lmao VOY
Massive legs vs massive fists
Gear has massive legs
Black purple looks soo good
Hibiki will hit miku with that gentle fist <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
It’s very “let’s get down to business”
Thx Kerrik
Regal/10
Someone posted a gif here of miku taking off that dress and she looks so cool
Yuka iguchi is probably  excited she has new songs to sing in the next sympholive
Hibikis only motivation to stay alive is to keep that bed warm.
Japanese nights can be cold as fuck
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
They havent give a full reason about why the custodians disappeared right?
Shem ha could be trying to get his people back
What if Shem ha’s end goal is to get their real body back
The custodians are only possessing mikus body
Get in, we’re going fanart shopping
I’ll get the car from the change the future song
Say no more
Share it plz <@!247701824335904770>  ty
I now want to see tsubasa in a suit. I’d think she look really good in one
“One more for the harem”
Tsubasa looks great
~~Is she using pads cause she looks bustier~~
I want to see them all dressed up and fancy too
Where’s Chris,miku and hibiki
She actually looks happy in this one 
XV she was super moody
I think it’s s1 date
Would be a bit awkward teleporting back and you end up in the bottom of the ocean
Maybe that’s why the girls can’t use them. Cause the submarine keeps floating around
Is there a keyword about those Teleport flasks?
Would be cool if they could use them to go places instead of away.
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Carol was showboating during that fight. Supergravity particles lmao
^ so cool. That’s why I like symphogear, they keep all the grunts and shouts from fighting  while singing
Looking at the comments though at least it’s getting people interested in the show
Crunchyroll with the spoilers
https://youtu.be/hLym7dcWw68
Are these translated any where? This sounds like so much fun
Maria’s thighs<:TsubasaSmug:585839805737467920>
FWIW noble red have some cool abilities. Suitcase tail and wings that turn into fists are pretty unique and their special Daedalus attack is interesting. Too bad they are super outclassed by everyone.
Man, when Fine revealed her plan was to blow up the moon because it made people hate each other. That was some great shit
Finish the job, blow up the moon
Dude I want them to bring back the moon cannon.
Elfnein does have that memory machine thing
Kanade ghost for tsubasa amalgam plz
Are you talking about crunchyroll or Kanade with that metaphor?
Maria was a big castlevania fan as a kid
Well the girls definitely learn stuff from watching gen’s films. 
You think they watch some anime just to find new moves
She lost her cape but got funnels and a lazar cannon so it’s a decent trade I guess
I forgot Maria had that cape attack
I guess a hammer would cut into hibiki’s fist shtick
yeah maybe next season amirite
Disappointed we’ve never gotten a symphogear with a hammer
Shem ha and fudou working together seems weird
I wonder if Shemha has the same cleansing powers as ssj. Maybe that’s how she gets free
To final commander.
What if they switch songs as well
Yeah maybe we get more Shem ha stuff in the op now
when biki jumped off a building and then miku exploded
I don’t think she can anymore.
Wholesome
Rip monochrome buddies
Is the memoria translated somewhere?
Chris had those classmates which wanted her too sing
Yeah tegami is what I was thinking of ty Sorano
The one that’s like super weird to translate
Which one was kirikas song to shirabe
You mean “totally not lesbians just really good friends”
It’s a Japanese pun I think
I don’t remember the origins of the name
DMJII is Kirika and shirabe
Give DMjii duet plz
The only thing that hasn’t had a missile fired out of is her mouth
Why does Vanessa need blood she’s like 99% robot
Maybe in one of the specials
Yeah there’s kinda no point in them showing up
Who’d win in a fight though
I’m guessing Left to right: otome, komichi and yuki
Found one
Anyone got a photo of them?
I don’t mind mythological references. They add details and themes without having to spell it out
Some gundam names refer to mythological beings
In rosenwalds pic it says Dmjii’s gears  translates to green and red blade
Red blade and green blade, very unique names
It’s just rubbed me the wrong way 
“It’s ok to beat your kids as long as you love them”
Ok one thing I never got so when Maria went into her memories
Mom was beating them when they were younger. But it’s ok because mom loved them?
<:HibikiShock:336656371611074580>
Maybe genjuro sings a song again.
And Maria wears her boxing outfit again
But training montage
Is it only hibikis gugnir that can kill gods or could Maria do it if she borrowed the relic?
The only reason amalgam hibiki didn’t beat noble red was cause she got red taped
they could have at least uploaded it into 1080p
Yeah ngl when I first started watching I thought that each season was like an anthology cause they had such weird names
And by the time they get context for the clip they’ll probably forget it
On the plus side the crunchyroll vids are attracting some people to watch symphogear.
Carol CD when
what about carols genocide
death by trampling seems like the worst way to go
thats fucked up
you can take them down with guns but they can slice you up real good
alca noise sacrifice their invulnerability for their attack power
they cover up most noise related incidients dont they though?
yeah but elsa is cute though
still evil though
when has elsa done any strategy?
shes the only one i like of the three. also she looks adorable. like a puppy
elsa seems to be caught up in the wrong crowd
every time i feel bad about noble red i just remember they killed 70,000 people and gave tsubasa ptsd
Now we have XV
Where are the other 14 seasons
G into GX makes sense but then AXZ and there’s also XD
Lmao
lmao
even though it got reversed
No ones translated the radios have they? <:ShirabeConcern:586404485598019604>
She’s seen some shit
Her eyes have that thousand yard stare
I need more tsubasa with curly hair
Tsubasa looking fabulous in her transformation
True but I want a clean version
I can’t wait for the BD to come out. I need that hanasuki yuuki duet
Kaneko you crazy
I wonder what it’s a reference to
Doesn’t he just say “got them” or something like that.
Kaneko likes blowing up girls
I like how the clip ends before the gears show up.
Lmao
“Hey dad my girlfriend got possessed by a god what do I do”
Dad has to help hibiki with her girl problems
Shem ha probably kicks the x drives gears to get us hyped for a final showdown
We need to see how powerful she is though
Shem-ha fudou though...
Tbf Fudou would make for a lackluster final villain
Guessing Shem ha kicks their asses and then pisses off to the moon or something
Lmao
Wait that’s the actual name of the episode
Shaggies back
Oh no
That’d be cool
if noble red gets a power up by teaming up with Shem ha
Damn you moon ruins
Where’s my duolingo app
Time to learn some Japanese then
Is he gonna roid up?
But fudous just an old dude
If Shem ha kills gen
I hope your not suggesting what I think you are
Solopy plz
I love how he keeps his tie tucked into his pocket
Actually top dad ^
It’s been like 3 episodes of non stop action.
Yeah we need a brake on the hype train
What’s Japan’s opinion on openly gay characters anyway?
Who has the bigger bust?
hang up in the living room
I want the original storyboard cel of tsubasa and Maria boob touching plz
Amazing
I’m only watching 2 shows this season
YTB
Spring season was packed
I probably wouldn’t have watched it ngl.
It’s a good thing they delayed it
There was a delay?
Robot arm hibiki would have been cool.
Her symphogear arm would have been an arm
Low key wanted hibiki to lose her arm forever
Lasted like 2mins
Remember hibikis arm
Turns out symphogear was just kaneko dealing with his daddy issues
Top dad is actually the secret end bad guy
I just want more amalgam cause gold trim looks nice
Maria still has the mystery of her gear to deal with. We’ll probably get an episode of that, maybe she’ll get amalgam during that. 
I don’t see Chris getting a reason to get it
Or a triple amalgam with Maria
We’re still missing a DMjii duet, they might pull out amalgam for it
I want some blue and gold tsubasa
Yesss
Didn’t realise they were stuck in the bubble.
I thought they were just kinda stunned
Really?
Other than house arrest
Does it have any drawbacks?
carol straight styling on noble red
A shield? A sword!
Ignite remix songs were awesome though
Chris just gets bigger boobs
Spandex looks cool
Yeah I’m just a fan of of power ranger outifts
Pizza time
She’s gonna turn off the cameras 
“Man so weird Milaarc just committed suicide” soz for not staying on guard 
<:TsubasaSmug:585839805737467920>
They already had drill punches in multiple episodes
#noisearepeopletoo
Stop the illegal killing of noise
Ver in gx though...
Ver in axz was stupid
I didn’t expect autoscorers though
Or ver
Ok question: would people prefer top dad
Loli? Short? What’s the difference
:p
And Kanade is in hell cause she did drugs
Yeah vers in heaven cause he was a hero
Or ver in every scene
Melodramatic/over the top
Kanade was hungry
I guess with hibiki and Chris they’re not famous so their identities aren’t as important
Too bad they didn’t see tsubasa and Chris nude
Everyone in Japan knows hibikis a symphogear but they can’t talk about it in public
Lmao with how much action the symphogear girls get into,
Who hasn’t signed an NDA in symphojapan
Didn’t hibiki’s school watch her fight fine
Symphogear conspiracy theories must be whack
After XV’s concert I would be apprehensive to go to a tsubasa concert
2’s a coincidence 3’s a pattern
^
G had a noise threat though
I thought the xv was her big return to the stage concert
Either her fans don’t mind or tsubasa is just that good their willing to risk their lives to hear her live
The amount of shit that happens at a tsubasa concert
Does 73,811 include sacrifices?
SG had two counts one was casualties the other was sacrifices
I thought the original plan was to beat Adam then celebrate hibikis birthday the day after. 
Then she turned into a god and her birthday party turned into a birthday rescue
The last Half of axz happens super fast like. From hibiki turning into god to Adams defeat that’s was all in like one day
Damn now I wonder what’s the season has the shortest timespan in universe.
I think Most season feel like they happen within the space of a week or two
How long have they had their gears in universe? 1-2 years right?
Symphogear movie plz
Can’t be over if I never watch the final episode <:TsubasaSmug:585839805737467920>
I don’t want it to end though
Or reboot
Go hibernate till they make season 6
Tbf it’s not a huge spoiler. It just looks like Fudou’s a huge asshole
Amazing
<:KirikaSmug:607742561414676517>
Then the final attack is miku,hibiki boob touch
Miku gets her own gear
Shem ha cares not for physics
~~milaarc didn’t get chopped up by tsubasa though~~
Me when I watch the gif

And traumatised tsubasa
I don’t want a redemption for the group who killed 70,000 people
God I hope we never see them again
https://m.imgur.com/a/qDbbnrp
Autocorrect strikes again
Protagonist
fuck that hibiki just punches people
Fire feet? Water sword?
Hibiki is the manliest protagonist this season
So amalgam is legal now yeah? No more house arrest
That ep was way better than I thought it would be. Everyone was so against top dad returning but he was there for like 2mins
There goes my, ghost kanade breaks tsubasa out of her funk theory
So only hibiki gets a stand when she uses amalgam.
All tsubasa gets is more trauma.
What was the story
Top 5 slaps in anime
I don’t think it would be healthy for tsubasa to kill them. It’d be satisfying though
they don’t deserve redemption
They had a shitty death and will probably come back ~~surprise~~ but I wish they don’t.
give me more miku plz
But
I don’t want them to have any more screentime
https://youtu.be/RhMsboqMMzs
Leaked tsubasa vs Vanessa fight
NANOMACHINES SON
Take this all loaded has become my fave Chris song
Hard to feel sorry for a bunch of mass murderers
Noble red is dead 🦀 🦀 🦀
When is Japanese Father’s Day
Side note: this episode got released on Father’s Day in Aus which is fitting
Tsubasa hair is glorious
What Would Kanade Do?
Now that tsubasa is in a funk. 
she’ll be WWKD
Kanade flashback is probably for later
She got mind controlled. I can’t blame her
Sooo
Now that yatsuhiro is dead does that make TopDad actually the best dad by default. 
Cause he’s the only one alive

Or kidnaps him for some moon shenanigans
Maybe shem ha gets revenge for trapping him and snipes fudou
Don’t give them a bittersweet ending just give them a sweet one plz
Noble red stay dead
The biggest plot twist of XV
Lol
Those damn alchemists
They’ll probably pull a caligostro and comeback for the final scene
Stay dead plz
But I don’t want them to regenerate
I can respect that
With their suits and sunglasses.
Fashion > Function
Yeah but at least they looked cool
When fudou started doing those hand signs I got hyped
By planting a gen tree
Fudou doing his bit for the environment
The annuaki are some sort of parasitic entity ala the vocal cord parasite from mgsv
That’s actually a really good theory
TopDad with the whole curse could be a blessing was foreshadowing something
I could see him popping up to give exposition
^
No at the very very start of xv
Wait was Shem ha the dude at the start of xv
Yeah I had to look up murakumo cause fudou seemed way more concerned about the blade than his own life
nice
I’m dumb what am I meant to be looking at here
hit em with one of these

What else can she lose
Hopefully this episode is the last stop on the suffering train
Fair enough
But why would you make it
What
Also blue and gold look really nice together
Big glowing swords are cool
https://streamable.com/neyms
i got inspired by the latest episode
but it got taken down 😦
there was a youtube vid trying to combine the two
They all tried to kill elfnein though
It’s cause she hasn’t done explicitly evil like the others. Casual viewers don’t know she’s the mastermind of the concert attack. To them she just seems like the mascot of the group.
Tbf, if I hadn’t read the info dumps I wouldn’t have learnt she was a strategist
That CR article though is actually pretty solid I just completely disagree with their opinion. While they do posses more nuance than your average villain and “doing anything for family” is good motivation. Their cause doesn’t justify the means.
Cause in my eyes that’s her only redeeming quality
I wonder how many people would still like Elsa if she wasn’t a cute dog girl
Fudou out there trying to use water dragon jutsu
I thought he was just a big naruto fan
Yeah I’m expecting fudou to get got by Shem ha,
Because tsubasa doesn’t have enough dead parents
I thought he was gonna fight miku and die. So I’m pretty happy with this outcome
Being tsubasa is sufffering
Can’t wait for that dmjii duet
Ready go
I’ve read some comments where CR has been poorly translating some song lyrics. Is that true?
If symphogear didn’t love redeeming their villains I would like noble red more. The only reason I’m totally fine with them dying the latest episode is because we’ll never see them become friends.
Which season had the best villains then
ohhh, yeah that’s a yikes
Rape line?
He was a great comedic villain, Someone to laugh at.
Next few episodes Vanessa is just gonna be a belt attachment for hibiki
Or lollipop chainsaw.
anyone here played the new god of war?
Pretty much. I hope we never see NR again. Give me more Shem ha time
I think the CR article would have been better for a different season like AXZ.
If Milaarc was had some throwaway line during the concert attack like “great plan Elsa” or something I think more people would hate her
She hasn’t done anything that stood out . Milaarc traumatised tsubasa, Vanessa is the leader of the group and blown up a ton of stuff. she’s just more in the background and has a cute design.
Oh right they did reference gun fu from equilibrium
Yeah gen is just a walking reference machine
I wonder if there are any marvel references throughout symphogear or any modern western culture reference
So shirabe doesn’t say “cabbage cut in half”
Ah ok
XV is a philosophical season designed to break swords
he'd have..split
fudou had some ninja magic in him.
yatsuhiro just seemed like a regular guy
i dont think he had a lot of time left
dude was pretty old
shirabes dad is alive?!?
wait
my favorite recurring gag in symphogear is the 
a shield? a sword!
Hibiki’s getting fitted for her wedding dress?
I wonder what the context is
So hibiki has a 59inch waist?
For the insta translation
Oh cool thanks
Oh they just came out, I thought they were just translated my b
Ah ok
Are the keywords translated somewhere?
Why can’t she be fully dead
Half dead?
He’s the one that stuck onto original miku gear
IT WAS VER ALL ALONG
Miku isn’t controlled by Shem ha
We’ve been duped
The Maria screenshot is actually the trianing montage
Hibiki is actually getting assaulted by shem ha
She’s got to lose 2 more inches if she’s gonna fit in the dress
Why else would hibiki be getting measured
Cause of this screenshot
Symphogear unlimited basa works
I want to see miku in a suit
Hibiki getting fitted for her wedding dress
I wonder if tsubasa dad is even really dead
I woke up today excited for a new episode of symphogear,
The I realised I’m a day early. Wake me up when it’s out
But it’s not
I’ll write it down later because my memory is good
The classic
symphogear movie when
Would recommend
It was a fun ride
Every thing can be explained with phonic gain
It’s the power of phonic gain
Hibiki getting flustered every time she fights Vanessa is hilarious
like Adam x hibiki
That’s a fucked ship
Abnormal ships are those that ignore the characters feelings
Cause you know they don’t have anything going on down there
Is tiki and Adam a straight ship?
Wait
The only straight ship is the song submarine
Super serious “we’ve become monsters” suddenly , Swiss Army knife
Vanessa is from Switzerland confirmed
time to fist the moon!
Two gals, in a bath tub, 1 foot apart cause they hella gay
They’re married in everything but name
can’t wait for episode 14 “the wedding”
<@125322423355703296> same tbh
Looking back at the previews.
I love how everyone thought that the tape measure photo was gonna be from a training scene. Turns out it’s Vanessa’s secret technique
Cya
https://gfycat.com/allflamboyantgardensnake
Buttplug-chan
Vanessa just wants to be friends <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868> <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868> <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868> <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Wat
and how maria is related to all of it
maybe it fucked up cause tsubasa chopped it in half
noble red should be chilling in that room as well right?
Shirabe and her 1337 speak
I looked through old dmjii duets and they have some weird special attacks
Oh yeah you right
The dual attacks are almost always the song names though right?
Are there other translations for it?
its a good thing they dont scream their attack names like other shows
polyfilm scissor love dreams is such a mouthful
i cant wait for moon physics
There are some programs online that let you transfer files straight into your iPhone
Biki has best butt
Nice
Your dreams are way cooler than mine
Nvm that sounds awesome
Black gold on everyone?
What would they even look like?
scissors of love in a dream sounds like the title of  a yuri anime
Doesn’t make sense though why she wanted to blow it up with a cannon
Ah gotcha
wait so is fine in love with shem ha ?
lol the casual yggdrasil name drop was hilarious
it’s a charm point :p
grammatically it makes no sense but it sounds cool and fits the show
Im still waiting for a moment irl when I can pull out “hold a determination to fist” in a pep talk or something
Doesn’t sound as cool though
hmm
What’s the proper translation?
The first two flow into one another.
Then GX comes along with 
**A DETERMINATION TO FIST**
In the distance that day, when the star became music
Flashback to my young dumbass thinking that all the taglines would connect one day
Maybe if they believe in a justice and hold a determination to fist
They are putting a lot of stock in Maria being a descendant
Maybe enki is chilling in Maria 
Like Fine, but instead of auchwafen waves he needs the presence of the moon.
What do you mean? We see her all the time in the op
171cm bois
ayy
they're wearing high heels though its unfair
i'm as tall as tsubasas hair
thats why i hang out with other asians, so i become above average. meanwhile on sets everyone's a foot taller 😦
lmao
japanese people are tiny wtf
she is still a teenager
noble red is super lewd
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
58 cm seems really small
is shem ha on the moon?
other than the big tree
what else is there to handle on earth?
i just want elfnein to make chibi autoscorer dolls
or is she stuck as a smol forever
wait does elfnein age?
the end of episode 14 everyone just grows a foot taller
I didn’t know Kirika was into Venetian  literature
It’d be cool to see everyone singing their own version of the same song
Lol
i'm picturing dino pouring a cup of coke and then waiting 10mins till he drinks it
what like flat coke
no coke
literally just watched a movie where only pepsi exists
Gonna defeat god with the power of thirst
She needs to spin them more
It’s not as cool though
Chris is best girl
Give me akimbo dual Gatling guns
Chris wasn’t shocked about being on the moon, she was shocked how quickly Kirika and shirabe changed clothes
Miku is not having a good time
So during church today the priest kept saying the word metanoia during the homily so i spent the rest of the service thinking he was a secret symphogear fan.
I liked Millarc’s wing limbs it makes her look hella strong
Chris’ amalgam is actually a giant rocket that they ride back to earth
Who’s her VA?
Dat ear lick
Hibikis songs seem kinda flat without aoi yuuki screaming half the lyrics
Watching today’s episode I want a version of their battle songs but with combat noises mixed in.
Wait so is Maria’s airgetlam just enkis arm he cut off
She can just yeet herself to the moon
But she had the cannon
Just go for the big target instead of the tiny ruins
It’s hard to aim the kadingir
Still shook over Maria’s fly swatter
Milaarc  turned smol cause she knew that’s the only way she can be redeemed
Maybe a duet with miku and hibiki
I want  another Yuka song
an apple a day keeps Shem ha away
Also punching
So he can hold peoples hands
hibiki has her priorities straight
Maria’s gonna boob bump as many gears as possible
Bigger than gx
I just want a really big fist
Hibiki transforming mid punch is my favourite thing ever
I wonder what memories she’s burnt
He does look way too cool to be a ninja
Have they ever been mentioned before?
I always thought ogawa was an only child wtf
So apple was just the last bit of the original language.
Maria’s backstory arc is done then right?
Carol did pretty well against a god
This is like twice now
How many times is she gonna have to sacrifice herself for elfnein
After fighting carol Shem ha realised that they both share a love of bondage and decided to date
All noble red did was make a space tunnel
At least carol reversed her mass genocide
What with her whole kill an entire concert and traumatise tsubasa routine
Hmmm Idk Milaarc is still pretty evil
That’s rough buddy
Man fine died trying to destroy her boyfriends life’s work
It was just anti ignite right?
No I don’t think it did
Having been hacked out of existence by Shem ha
I’m guessing enki is also gone as well
nice one
just the gears chilling out
yeah non chibi pls
i think one or two ovas post Xv satisfy me
what other anime trope episodes do we need to do
genius
and one where they get drunk
we need a hot springs ova
we've already had a beach episode
I just have a fetish for fetishes
Can’t keep a good thirst down
Two gals chilling in the bathtub, one fist apart cause they hella gay
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Clenched as in their lips
This server runs on thirst
He owns a bar filled with IT nerds
You don’t like playboy ogawa?
Ogawa looks good but he just doesn’t compare to the other two
Lmao I love the random ogawa bros out of nowhere
Man your fetishes are way more creative than mine
Is your fetish “keeping your fetishes secret”
Can you ask them to chop your steaks with their swords
Knight cafe sounds way cooler than maid cafe
Their like those pop up car headlights
The ears are under the braid
The show already peaked for you
Nice
~~Fluid panacea?~~
I wonder if her last name means anything
Miniaarc
Then we wait for the movie yeah?
I wish they could fix the subtitles to “Meteoroids Falling, Burning, Disappearing,”
Also making memes
Adobe creative suite is hella expensive but I need it for school stuff
I’ve used gimp I usually use photoshop for stuff
Is gimp easier to use?
What about this one if you cut out the sky
So does that mean we won’t get this as an emoji anytime soon
Millarc knew the only way for people to like her  was to become chibi
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
A big fist?
TWO BIG FISTS?
So what’s the final attack gonna be?
Dead by G
That’s Miku when she found out about hibiki getting handsy with Chris on the moon
When she charged her attack
That Chris pics reminds me of season 1
The lighting make the red sky look like a cape
Nice glow ups from the pastel squad
What does that translate to?
I wanted robo arm hibiki
Yeah
What are the new x drives called? 
xox drives?
It’s haunted. She’s hacked the net
We’re Born just in time to enjoy symphogear
We have to celebrate
His hand being below the frame made me think of something else
I finished watching it before this season started. The week to week experience has been so much fun with you guys
Do the BDscome with eng subtitles or do I have to grab them somewhere else?
But that’s ages away <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
When does the BD come out?
Just give me 5 more minutes on that last episode plz.
But holy shit their songs were sooooo good.
This counts as a confession 
Symphogear was just a 5 season  long romance show about two girls and their love for fisting
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089> <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089> <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089> <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
The new episode is amazing I can’t wait for the next one
Ahhhhhh
<:Ver:336656981144109066> <:Ver:336656981144109066> <:Ver:336656981144109066>
I can’t wait that long
Nooo
There’s so much SoL I want to see:
Chris in college, a tsubasa and Maria  concert that doesn’t turn into a massacre. ~~miku and hibiki wedding~~
This was a great ending for the show. 
I just want an epilogue of them post Shem ha
Give me a symphogear movie plz
I can’t decide which attack was cooler:
Pastel gundam or Chris avatar
Totally
They already sleep together in the same bed. What more do you want
The camera pans up at the end because they were being super lewd
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Hibiki carrying miku while saying she “doesn’t want to let go what I love”
Totally counts as a confession
Low key want to go to japan just to be the BDs
Worth it
Me right now
Lmao
The sadness
Guys the post show depression is finally hitting me <:ChrisDespair:607743600545234970> <:ChrisDespair:607743600545234970>
YESSSS
I can feel it
oh god
Same time next for the new episode yeah?
Bye Dino
Everything was a little rushed
The only problem I had with the finale is that it was too short
Shem ha couldn’t handle the big gay energy

Hibiki pretty much did
What’s wrong with ending?
Ah so we’ll get them for ep 14 keywords then yeah?<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
Rip Chris
Lmao
Lmao
I loved how hibiki changed her desire from helping others to wanting miku.
That was such a powerful moment
^
She’s the secret weapon
Miku was always an employee SONG
Secret agent Maria
Chris is a strong independent woman who needs no gal
They didn’t have that good ver shit
We already have a emotionless hero with a dead loved one in tsubasa we don’t need two
Nooo
And the season was already packed enough
I’m fine with no dmjii and Chris arcs because they didn’t really need anything else
They just didn’t have time for dmjii and chris
I G N I T I O N
It’s was a flugel song right?
Maria landing as an emoji
New emoji plz
Lmao
A rain?
**A sword!**
Kanade secret technique,
Hair flipping
When sleeping or bathing together isn’t as gay as hand holding
Or the outright confession
What about super selfish hibiki
Was it this episode or have we gone gayer before?
What’s the gayest moment in symphogear?
Symphogear movie is just their wedding
A spin off?
Considering miku literally got taken over by a spirit
It also means change in one's way of life resulting from penitence or spiritual conversion.
That makes a lot of sense
The worlds most powerful hug
It’s my favourite hibiki song
The way she just screams I TRUST
hanasaki yuuki though
Time to rewatch the whole show
Yeah they looked like robo noise
I’m surprised we didn’t see Shem ha summon some og noise 
Not that Alca noise shit
Noise
You know what was missing from last ep
I don’t want to get off the  symphogear train
When we want a wedding ova but the final episode was actually a wedding all along
Maybe the real scorpion was inside us all along
Complete with veil
SSJ does kinda look like a wedding dress
I thought that battles were decent lengths for this season
Got it from here
https://mobile.twitter.com/funimon/status/1177983908354199554?s=19
Found my new phone wallpaper
Just give me more of that good shot
So we just wait till like 2025 then
I don’t need another season. An epilogue movie  would be great though
That’s what I’m hopping for
Symphogear movie plz
Yeah it’s been a solid amount of episodes and content
Well they need someone to chaperone all the couples around.
That’s what Chris is for
Symphogear is a harem show and Chris is the MC
So they aren’t truly gone
I guess elfnein could rebuild the auotoscorers
Robophobic then
Phonic gain is xenophobic confirmed
Nah you just see a telephone floating upwards
God killer chop
A determination to chop
Fine lived for thousands of years,
She probably got bored one day and decided to make a bunch of symphogears for fun
When you save the world with a bunch of toys
Glorious break is still my fave finisher.
Cause it syncs up with the song
She hugged her out
It’s had ssj powers
Ssj is a geah. They needed 7 relics
Well miku already can go ssj
Ah so it’s mikuhibi
<:HibikiWhat:336656482907193344>
What is the ship name
Hibiku or mibiki
At least with symphogear over basa can’t suffer anymore <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
Oh man 
A3fe358ca7c42605 is my favourite symphogear song
Huh
So there’s no Japanese language setting on discord?
It doesn’t?
They sound like they’re having a lot of fun
Can someone do some live translating for me plz ty. <:HibikiBlep:605209109284782090>
Brb gonna hibernate till then
Ahh the final release is so far away
Do we have the dates for all the bd releases?
I love me some group songs
Or is it already released somewhere
https://youtu.be/ys099qG3HVY
Is this song gonna be on the first BD?
i remember seeing this on youtube ages ago but it got taken down
nice find
oh shit
I just want to watch symphogear again
I don’t even want to watch anything else anymore
I can’t remember where I read it but I saw this comment that was like 
7 symphogears is the key
7 in Japanese is nana
Nana is the key
Symphogals in sailor moon outfits
No way that hasn’t been done before
Sounds like Sailor moon but with symphogear
Could you type it out. I don’t remember it
I know what a haiku is.
But what’s the haiku in the finale
It did? What’s the haiku
Wait wut
I was gonna say time to rewatch it with the understanding that they love each other but that’s pretty much watching it normally
Yeah when miku caught hibiki hanging out with tsubasa
Turns out losing your loved one to an almighty god really gets the emotions flowing
*Gal job*
Bet you they’ve kissed before
As friends though
They’ve already  seen each other naked loads of times.
Oh yeah good old flower owner.
I wonder what she’s been up to
What’s with all the lines
Best misunderstanding ever
Symphogear was great, I’m sad it’s gone but I’m happy that i got to watch it. they’ll be other stuff and it’s not like symphogear is going anywhere
What’s that saying?
How happy I am to have loved something so much that saying goodbye is so difficult.
Oh I  didn’t know you were quarantined I just thought you only ever wanted to talk about xv stuff
I still like it, especially the chorus where they do like a back and forth  thing with hibiki.
Doesn’t have that same power to it
Hmm it feels a bit empty without action noises.
I wanted to listen to it but I didn’t know the name
Oh shit thanks for the title
Angelic remnant is good but I want the song they sung together against the coffin
It’s my favourite of the series
XV cover art is so good
I like the image of them autopsying tiki and a scorpion just crawls out
Watch as we get a chibi episode where it’s just tsubasa and top dad hanging out
and it gave us a great hibiki reaction
Took them 3 seasons but they finally did it
Haha, that scene got me good.
what episode are you up to?
probably enki
the annuaki all pooled their efforts together to make adam.
maybe the reason he has no junk is cause the person in charge of that area got lazy
you think it was enki himself?
i wonder who made him
What if it’s just his phone they bring back
Mfw they don’t add Chris parents but they add adam and tiki <:ChrisAngry:336656958272700417> :
just replace everyone with chris' parents
if i still had after effects i would do that
equivalent exchange
what if to do so they had to replace someone
Chris uses mega deth tons of times before,
Weird how they messed it up on ep1
Funk singing for self defence
I wonder what she’s gonna do for college
Dw they’re  saving it for next season
Oh man now I’m trying to think what the other geahs would do in the future
The one snippet of her homework showed she was pretty smart
Low key disappointed it’s not called polyfilm scissor love
Like the calculator?
Oh cool they have all the songs posted
**Bang**
Get a seat near the back of the stadium, close to the exit
Maybe in the BD they’ll pop up
reminder to future people: Chris' parents got shafted and didnt appear in the last episode
hello people of the future
What happens to it
same time next year?
weekly symphogear discussions were so fun
Anime of the year
Goodbye xv channel
Glorious break though
Remember when Chris finally shot red hot blaze
good times
remember when noble red got sliced up
~~of joy~~
too bad crunchyroll fucked up the subs <:ChrisAngry:336656958272700417>
i loved the call back with them falling
I just like how glorious break was the first and only time they had the song sync up with the attack card
i cant wait for it to become available
carol time
oh shit ep 8
What about season XXX
The lewd season
That’s when shit really goes down
Can’t wait for XIX
Quick someone hit me in the head so I can get amnesia
But muh symphogear
Are we doing a rewatch anytime soon?
METANOIA
See you guys next season amirite
Can’t wait for some new xv emotes
Woot party time
<:HibiMiku:432007202136391690>
His was more a mental health issue which became 10x worse due to social media
I didn’t follow Etika too closely but I don’t remember him being a victim of cancel culture
i do it constantly
hey, crying and hiding is a good strategy
the intro is just you sighing really loudly
you have to release a video though of you crying on camera and saying sorry.
the classic
yeah but if he addresses the issue he might make it worse and spread it to a larger audience,
but if he ignores it and doesnt acknowledge the issue he'll lose like what a couple thousand subs max? which is a drop in the bucket for him
tbh with how fast the internet moves waiting for everything to blow over is a pretty solid move
have fun  astolfo
That’s the one I was at lol <@189283693557186560>
Ayy nice, you gonna make a sign?
There’s a massive protest in my city about climate change right now and I think it’s cool how passionate people are about the issue.
its gonna be rough though
yeah i'll probably tell them i failed one subject and have to do it again next semester.
just the final part of 2nd year
it was an associate degree, a 2 year course. I was at the final semester and was meant to finish this year and then go onto bachelors of the course next year.
...i told them i graduated.....
im just kinda all kinds of fucked and ive been keeping up this facade of everything all good irl and i can feel it all falling apart.
semester ended during june. im well past the point of no return. also the last set of assigments were weighted heavily so i doubt it
it was a university course. i had 4 subjects and was graded on the 4-5 assigments they gave use over the course of the semester. i was doing pretty well until it came to the final assessments which i never submitted. there was no attendance requirement.
last 2 weeks were when assignments had to be submitted and i never finished them off. I was doing a film course so no tests just a bunch of essays and project stuff
Everyone irl thinks I’m just been unlucky looking for a job but I’ve done nothing but just essentially float along this past few months. I’m scared with how much I’ve just been enjoying this dead end life I’m living.
So my parents are getting suspicious about the fact that I don’t have a certificate for graduating from uni. What they don’t know is that during the last 2 weeks of the semester I shut down mentally and so failed all my subjects and I haven’t checked into my student account for the past few months because I’m pretty sure I’ve been kicked out of uni.
I love that they went the extra mile and added that in.
Ugh, this is the 2nd time my mental health has screwed me over. I’m so sick of it.
So mentally I should be fine. But because of technicalities I need to wait a whole other year because I’ve missed the enrolment period. 
I asked if I could just transfer to a different program but because my GPA is non existent due to failing I’m kinda stuck.
<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
Thanks for the advice<:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
Im in the waiting room now and I’m dying of anxiety. <:ElfneinBullying:421432763078410241>
I’m off to convince my university I’m mentally stable enough to go back to studying my course. This is gonna be extremely stressful <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
True that. It’s insane how much money gets poured into the OWL
> we predicted only having one viewer but instead we got two, that’s double our expected viewership !
How’s the fan base for OWL? Cause personally I don’t watch it but every time I hear about it there’s always people saying it’s dying but they’re still packing stadiums full of people
I think e sport athletes or athletes in general are just so easy to replace, because for every bottom ranked competitor there’s a thousand rookies ready to replace them
I’m grossed out by how corporations try and show how #woke they are but when push comes to shove they just disappear
Which sucks because it’s kinda outrageous how much big businesses are forced to pander to China.
Yeah but all this gamer outrage ain’t gonna affect blizzard in the long run. 
Guaranteed this will be forgotten in a months time not even
Isn’t minecraft releasing a dungeon crawler soon
Should try it out <:TsubasaSmug:585839805737467920>
And path of exile
Blizzard: supporters of human rights unless it affects their bottom line.
Yeah maybe the previous dick was keeping him away with his dickishness
Maybe he was waiting for his moment to strike.
Regional teams feel empty in esports cause they all play/live in the same area anyway. It’s all just a name.
Yeah I might be exaggerating things but players still take a lot of pride in their hometown. Le brone James moved back to the cavaliers cause he’s from Ohio as well.
Like with traditional sports teams most of their players are from the area so I feel like I’m rooting for the local bois.  But teams are so small in esports it’s usually impossible
Like you have to have at least one player from the region?
Do they have import limits in OWL?
I’m slightly hoping that the internet somehow pulls through and turns mei into a pro Hong Kong symbol. Just to see how blizzard reacts
But not if your Chinese
For coroporations there’s no such thing as the right place and right time for a political stance
Welp there goes the Hawkeye tv show
They’re rioting over metro price raise?
Coins are very serious business
That is just such a strange phrase to watch out for
NSA really hates 80s dance movies
Now I’m trying to think of offensive phrases that rhyme with those two
i dont blame them it was not good
they're gonna come for us now
rest in peace this server
I thought it was like some sort of racial slur or something
how long has it been since the referendum now?
but imagine the smell if all of humanity lived so close together
https://clips.twitch.tv/DarkBlitheGrasshopperPeoplesChamp
Also this is probably the worst apology ever
Wow good on them for actually doing something.
So now that blizzcons happening are there people actually protesting or is everyone busy with Diablo 4
Looks like Jeffery Epstein wasn’t the only thing that didn’t kill themselves
https://youtu.be/3lfwkTsJGYA
Breakups/ghosting/dumping  happens just as commonly in person as it can over the net.
🙃
Too true
^
Usually those people have multiple forms of communication.
Long distance relationship are a thing. Sometimes you find someone you just connect with.
Also AIM and MSN, flashbacks
Chat Protocol?
I get the appeal of sending nudes to others but it just seems like such a risky thing to do.  One thing I’ve learnt is that once in the internet it’s hard to get it off
Until one of them starts sharing those dms to other people it should be relatively fine
As long as you aren’t doing it to be judgemental or to attack someone it’s fine, just be casual about it
It’s all about context and your intent.
As long as your not being malicious and just curious most people are fine with telling you their sexuality, at least from my experience
It’s mostly a context thing imo
Long term long distance relationships can be pretty rough sometimes, it’s hard to cuddle someone through a computer screen.
Lmao no they were not yumi
Ask them to marry
Damn that’s rough
hehe
These are just freak bushfires that keep happening more often every year, if only there was some way to deal with them
And dumb politicians who don’t believe it
Yup
Sydney though is a *tad* fucked
It was raining all weekend and it’s only picking up heat now
Melbourne is fine for now
East
So there’s a ton of bushfires happening in Aus right now.
Here’s a before and after of a beach a week ago
I want to get one but since I don’t own any smart appliance it seems like a waste
Do you guys have other appliances connected to yours?
I think having a universal language is a good stepping stone towards a better but It won’t solve all our problems
what about
 teleporting a giant squid into a populated city and when it explodes it releases a telepathic wave that overloads peoples head making them think its an attack by aliens from another dimension. the threat of an alien invasion would make people forget their differences and focus their hate on the aliens instead
One thing though I’d miss from a unified language would be the loss of culture. A lot of cultural stuff is tied to language and if everyone spoke the same one i feel like we’d all just have the same traditions and stuff
Having the same language would help in making the world a better place. If people can talk each other then it should be easier for them to understand one another.
But I think there are bigger problems hindering the world than miscommunication
Thanks, it’s nice at least to have a name for what I’ve been going through.
That’s rough buddy
In non baby news:
Got through my first therapy session and got diagnosed with that major depressive episode 
<:PharaDab:336657302914596866>
I’d be annoyed having to raise my grandkids but I wouldn’t want them to start their life fucked because they grew up under an unstable household
That’s a pretty solid plan
Would you help take care of them?
Damn well good luck to them
Do they even have a place to raise it
Yeah are they doin it solo?
If so congrats to them
Do they both want to the baby?
Can’t be bullied for your content if no one can see your content
What the fuck
Tiktok gets it mods to watch videos and decide if people would want to bully that person
https://slate.com/technology/2019/12/tiktok-disabled-users-videos-suppressed.html
Thanks Emily that’s really written. Helps put stuff into context <:ChrisSmile:336656717553074176>
Anyone else feel like they don’t deserve therapy.
Like sometimes I hear stories about people’s battle with depression or mental illness and I’m sitting here thinking  “damn that’s way worse than what’s happening to me” am I really depressed or am I just being sadder than usual. It’s like I have anxiety that my depressions isn’t terrible enough and I’m taking time away from someone that needs therapy more than me.
Why couldn’t you combine it with something that makes sense at least like the health department where the minister for SPORT lives
Now one minister in charge of transport, regional development, infrastructure and the arts!!?!?!?!??!
Of all the things to remove its the art department. OUR MOST ICONIC BUILDING IS  AN ARTS CENTRE
What the actual fuck Australia
https://www.sbs.com.au/news/massive-backwards-step-australia-to-no-longer-have-a-federal-arts-department
Or are you meant to be there at all
Are you even getting paid lol
Work for cash in hand
This could be an under the table kinda deal
And you don’t rock up to it
What happens if you say no to it
Ah unlucky, how tight are the glasses? You might be able to wear them with only one arm on, it’ll be awkward but I’ve seen it before
Also I had to get new ones ever year when I was younger as my eyesight slowly got worse. But I had insurance so it wasn’t expensive
My problem was always the screws would fall out because they would get more loose over time
Did you just lose them or are is the arm broken?
Pfft no everyone does smear campaigns
Probably buy version 2.0
Oh I’d never buy the first self driving car
Accountability is gonna be a big issue
Yeah the laws regarding self driving laws are gonna be complicated. 
Who is to blame if someone gets into an accident?
Do they get off on it?
But why
i mean we cant be doing THAT badly, if our PM thinks this is the best time to vacation to hawaii surely that must mean that the bushfires arent a critical threat
Shits a bit fucked
Yeah s
Beach evac here in Aus.
Shits still on fire yo
Moving is a big decision and they were probably coming from a place of concern.
How’d they judge you?
It’s a total shit show
So a few days ago there was this college right wing group that was protesting a drag queen story time group and today it’s come out that the leader of the protesting group was openly gay and had committed suicide.
What a messed up situation
Watching an ep of doctor who and one of the characters backstory was that when she was younger she ran away from home cause she was depressed. And now I’m feeling down cause it brought back some really bad memories of when I did something similar. I think what’s worse is that she turned her life around after that but here I am still doing the same stupid shit like before.
It reminds me of those people that message you with creepy stuff in asterisks
Goblin slayer definitely leaned on the shock value. Cause almost everything after that is just generic fantasy show.
It’s always kinda surreal hearing politicians talking about anime though
If you look down the thread he also talks about NGNL, SAO and goblin slayer
https://twitter.com/shinn87/status/1232543128013246464?s=20
An Aussie senator talking about anime as a form of child exploitation lmao
It’s still kinda surreal that it’s actually happening
It’s a very ominous message
🦀 Total state lockdown 🦀
Wasn’t there that one furry convention that had like people throwing poo diapers around
Yeah there’s a lot of stories of furries doing really weird stuff in public.
I think most people have a problem with it because they associate furries with beastialty
https://twitter.com/Hood_Vampire/status/1246880508644114438?s=20
Anyone seen this clip of Ezra miller(flash actor) choking out a fan?
We used to be close but we’ve grown a bit distant due to time and uni stuff
My friend has been sending some really depressive stuff on the group chat and Im getting concerned about their mental health but I don’t know how to talk to them about without coming off as nosey or annoying
WHO did mess up and downplay the virus but Trump decides to pin the blame on his terrible response to the virus on them is laughable.
Yup
What about manga like Komi San where one of the characters is ungendered, is that okay representation?
My state went from 7 cases last Tuesday to 117 cases today.
Fucking abbatoirs smh
its a lot better than i thought it would be
i gotta finish she ra
can i get a link?
oh america you crazy
there's been multiple clips of aussie reporters getting the shit kicked out of them by police
that shit was playing 24/7 here in aus
nothing wrong with setting boundaries. if you don't want to be in an open relationship then be open and tell them so
They’re holding BLM protests in my city tomorrow and I’m torn between going cause it’s an important movement and not going cause coronavirus is around the corner
at the very least every college has an anime group
yeah theres a ton of groups out there in college so you could probably find people that have similliar interests
Wtf is weather underground
Woot more covid cases in Victoria 🙃🙃 we’re now the state with the most cases in Australia
ikr, the fact he had to make that vid and share such private info is so sad
this one sucks. Growing up he was kind of an inspiration cause he was the only non stereotyped asian dude you’d regularly see on TV.
Can I get a link to this executive order?
I mean we’ve been  friends for like 3-4 years now and I feel like we’re pretty close.....
Wowwww
Emily why you dissing me :p
Nah I know what you mean but like everytime I see her on group chat it’s been the same vibe of “feelin lonely/depressed” and it’s getting pretty frustrating to see
One of my friends is being difficult, she keeps saying that her life sucks and she has no one to talk to, i ask her if everything’s alright and she’s says “nah I’m all good”
<:makofrustrated:688816502291693576>
webmd always says cancer
Hmm I’m no doctor but maybe get it checked out if your constantly coughing and start seeing proper blood.
Maybe blood?
Did you bite your tongue
Most of our convos right now has me trying to segue into getting her to talk about what’s bothering her without being  overly obvious and having  her clam up.
Oh I’m not trying to get into her pants if that’s what your thinking. 
It’s just that this has been an escalating  thing for the past month now and it’s getting to the point of really dicey.
But yeah like cypher said she’s usually more reserved so it’s hard to get through to her.
It’s a pretty crazy situation
TL;DR he was caught on surveillance footage slapping multiple junior highschool aged kids on the ass while riding a bike. He was brought in and admitted guilty. 
Shonen jump has already canned the next volume of act-age that was meant to be released later this month
So the Aus government is planning a change to the uni loan system where if you fail half your subjects you lose student loan for the rest of your life >:(
Their reasoning is that because some people are enrolling in multiple courses and universities in a single year.  But like why don’t you just limit the amount of courses a person can enroll in a year then?!?!?
I mean it’s crazy to think that y’all still are dealing with covid cases on top of all this
Stay safe, as a foreigner America looks like a godamn mess this year
Like if this kid was just a concerned local who was protecting his property it’s an open and shut case of homicide caused by self defence but there’s so much stuff around it that’s it’s hard to justify it as such
I think it’s an over all messy situation. In a vacuum yeah two people rushed him while he was holding a gun but also he drove two states over to get involved in a militia there’s a lot of stuff that muddies the situation
While the shooting itself can be seen as self defence I think the bigger issue is the way the police handled it.
Letting him go home free two states away after a quick conversation is really fucked up
Literally got brought to the police with a weapon on his person and the crowd shouting at him and they just let him go not even an hour later
Crosses state lines to “protect local business”
Shoots two protesters, gets taken to the cops who have a chat with him before letting him go back home two states away.
Wtf
But yeah, reading up on to the shooting in Kenosha, that was some fucked up shit
Yeah it’s a really powerful statement by the players, this is like peak peaceful protest so I can’t wait for people to get angry
Damn NBA teams are straight up boycotting their games in support of Black Lives matter. That’s a bold statement
If you guys want to see peak Chadwick boseman I’d suggest the movie Marshall, it’s a court drama where he plays first African American Supreme Court justice, it’s really good and Chadwick puts himself out there in it
That’s rough
Respect for dealing with colon cancer for 4 years
Also she apparently racked in a million dollars In just one day
(Putting this here cause it’s slightly nsfw)
In weird news today Bella Thorne has pissed off both the users and content creators of onlyfans by not sending nude photos of herself.
She charged 200 for nude photos of herself, which turned out to be just bikini pics. This pissed off so many people that the amount of refunds forced the website to change their business model. They limited the amount of money you can pay for content and changed the pay out system for creators from once a week to once a month.
To be clear he wasn’t out on bail or anything it’s that they added more charges on him
Usually girls though expect you to make the first move so it’s better to just be upfront and if they say no then you just accept it and move on.
As a fellow boy, yes we are pretty unsubtle
Well if they’re showing signs of discomfort or refusal then that’s probably a good place to stop
Physical contact beats online 9 times out of 10
Yeah you can’t rely solely on the internet for a relationship to thrive.
I see where your getting at shemmy, i cant relate since I havent reached the point yet where i'm living with my partners so i havent dealt with that issue firsthand
i feel like that's because there's a lot more effort required to maintain an online relationship compared to physical one. you cant just passively hang out but need to actively interact with online relationships
Like just the feeling of having someone nearby just isn’t possible due to the limitations of online interaction
There is a level of intimacy that I feel can’t be done online
I had subreddit on the brain
Oh lmao sub I forgot that was your name
What sub cypher?
Usually when your older it’s a easier to deal with that kind of thing. You’ve got a better sense of how the world works as well as yourself.
yeah that must have been rough for someone in middle school to deal with. one my friends dealt with something similar and you could tell its affected his view on romance
I think Netflix tried to bank on “negative press is still press” way too hard
Yeah I was there with you until I read about the backstory of the movie and what it actually was
It’s a shame that it’s getting so much backlash because the film does explore some interesting stuff
Religion vs culture in a modern coming of age film
Maybe some vaguely sexual scenes but that’s about it
That’s why I’m saying I highly doubt that there is any child pornography in it
Then again it is from France where sex and nudity aren’t as vilified
I don’t think they would showcase any movies featuring child pornography since it would be illegal for them to show
It was first shown in Sundance film festival and won best director they usually have some strict guidelines on what kind of movies can be shown
I think a lot of people had the same negative response at least you went and did the research on it.
That’s okay Jill, your reaction was totally founded.
Yeah im kinda torn watching this though on Netflix because it just means that their advert campaign worked
Most of the reviewers also say that at most the girls are shown emulating some provocative  dance moves
So most reviews I’ve read usually fall on the same thing.
It’s very against sexualisation of little girls by showcasing that stuff in an obvious negative light.
Something something
Discord movie night /s
Cause the angry people are mostly white alt-right supporters and the religion in the film is Islam
I don’t think the people attacking it know enough about the film to attack that point
They were pretty cool. A Fleshed out character that wasn’t just there to tick a box
Yeah in his Vikings series “Magnus chase”
Also Harry Potter came out well before Percy Jackson and had much further reach due to the movies
I thought rick riot fans work though
While fun wasn’t as deep as Harry Potter
The Labour Party here in Aus lost hard last election due to a variety of reasons but a common scapegoat was the fact they never ran any attack ads at all. It’s a lot easier to tear someone down than promote yourself
yeah the voting system in America kinda makes voting for a third party pointless
mhm, i cant wait for murdoch to make australian horror story featuring dan andrews
Meanwhile scomo looks perfectly normal lmao
This one is my fave
I do love how much effort sky news Australia puts into their Dan andrews thumbnails
Woah
Right leaning media biased against labor premier? I am shocked I tell you
I hate that whenever something like this happens there’s always some people that are like 
“Well that’s what you get for being invested”
Just kicking people while they’re down. As if having emotional connections to people is weird and childish. 
Because the best way across life is cold detachment to everything
Ye
TL;Dr
Two big rooster teeth employees 
Adam Kovic and Ryan Heyworth got fired after various stuff was made public such as the former taking nude photos in the office and the latter sexting fans
Yeah that’s about as much as we’ll get
Mostly spent my time on RT forums and stuff so seeing this really blows
They used to be a big part of my teen years.
Yeah I just got back into RT content cause of lockdown and now I feel bad
Wdym he’s a total saint that would never hurt a fly /s
He pissed off to Britain.
Personally I’m expecting arsonists again even though they did that already
And everyone’s gonna be like “oh no I can’t believe it happened  again. It’s unprecedented”
Wonder who we blame this time
The best part is that in like 3 months time it’s gonna happen again :^)
Like regardless of who wins, shits going to go down and I’m so excited
I don’t think I’ve cared as much about my own countries election as much as I have americas
theres still a fair amount of mail in ballots
That’s all
https://youtu.be/WvMcbMh3kI0
This op bops and the show is also pretty fun
Curse of Babel too op we can’t get through
The bit with her playing with the gas mask was hilarious
Waseda has good taste

I too would rather be dead than talk to people
I relate to her on a spiritual level
Majo is a close second
Wota is obvs best girl in joshikousei,
B&L eyes are op
Miss kobiyashi was last year. That was really good. But I am a sucker for some fantasy slice of life
Overlord is the one isekai I enjoyed. The premise was interesting and story was engaging
Too bad s3 looked kinda crap
Hinamatsuri was hilarious
Oh derp
Kaguya sama love is war, isn’t there a teaser of a 2nd season?
I though kaguya already got a second season? Or am I crazy?
It’s so weird that anime is made to promote manga sales while it’s reversed in western media where people write comics and books hoping for them to get adapted one day.
This season has been pretty much the demon slayer season
Gonna be shocked if there isn’t
One con I was going around with my mate who was cosplaying as some anime character and it was awesome seeing fans get super excited whenever they saw her and took pictures.
I’ve never seen a symphogear cosplay 😦 but cosplayers themselves are super cool.
Anyone excited for the fall season of anime? I’m Looking for suggestions on what to watch
Any reason is a good reason to work out
Doesn’t matter got buff
So does that mean fire force is off the list cause it’s 2nd cour not 2nd season
Ah okay then
Demon slayer only finished last week though. It was a two season show
Wow I’m surprised none of the demon slayer boys are up there
Very nice character driven show with some cool hand drawn mech fights.
Also I didn’t know aoi yuuki was in it until I looked it up. Damn she’s good
Little late to the party but granbelm was pretty solid.
The finale was a bit wonky imo but it was still very emotional.
https://twitter.com/iceemperor_mh/status/1179432749624676354?s=19
Damn only 107 bluerays sold for fire force.
That’s really low
Oh so there’s no concert cause symphogear is doing the opening show for the olympics gotcha
I can see why fire force wasn’t gonna do well but damn it’s sad how low it is.
After the first few episode I started to really like the directing of the show. Especially during the more heated moments it added a lot of tension to the scene
Symphogear got like 22k sales I think
Yeah It’s not 107 bad
Which one?
She made another one?
Damn
This season feels more isekai heavy than the previous one
Nice<:KirikaAYAYA:588101498026721367>
What’s the 3 that were decent
Rip
I should dip into my to watch list
But  3 weeks of no shows is so boring
Yeah that’s what I usually do
I know but half the enjoyment I get from new shows is all the discussions and memes people make from them
Cause I can’t decide what new anime I should watch this season
Can you give me your top 3 when you’re done
Wait they made this meme into an anime
So what’s the nanoha watch order? Can I just watch them in broadcast order?
IT MEANS THERES ONLY SOUP
IM AT SOUP
I feel like it just makes the show incredibly difficult to write and the joke we get aren’t worth it
I dislike how they turned all might into a hero no one likes
yeah they should have either gone all in with a season dump for everyone or weekly release
Nah but why not have them released weekly internationally as well though
Is there a reason why?
So weird to me that Netflix doesn’t release them internationally
pansy went from best girl to busty girl <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
the bass line is pretty funky
True
It could end right now and I’d be happy with it tbh.
Idk where else they can go to from here, we have the confession, title drop, the plot lines are resolved.
It was much better than i thought it would be. That bait and switch in the first episode lol
I just finished watching all 3 episodes
this anime could have finished at ep3 and id be satisified
where do they go for ep4 though.
its a romcom anime but everyones a bastard
||Oh shit time for our guy to shine ||
Gotta re read I gues
I don’t even remember the sports festival
I wonder if we’ll get to ||the school festival ||
Can’t wait to see more of hayasaka
Can you pour one out for me as well or will you die
Your in a club right now?
https://gfycat.com/evenredimperatorangel
wanted to make this after the new fire force ep
Pls tell me they’ll release an uncensored version
Wtf that looks so bad
Watched the latest oresuki ep. I’m glad pansy stuck with her Megane look. The humour is still pretty solid  especially that bit at the end. I thought it would take longer for them to reconcile but the pacing for this show has been pretty fast
Can’t wait for s2
European media is also very pro sex but anti violence
I saw the clip where he molests the wolfman
The one with a wrestler
What’s that furry isekai anime this season
Oh no
Didn’t fist get a prequel anime recently
It’s a good show though
Jojo fan base is too rabid
It is a show
But what does pot of greed do
I’d love to see a lot of old shonen anime remade for today, with all their filler cut out and paced properly
That new fire force op is pretty sick, but the visual are so uninspired
How large are these prints
What do they look like
It’s downloading as we speak
Oh shit I need to watch the new ep of oresuki
It’s a shame cause the old ed was probably my favourite of that season
Remember that one ep where Arthur got lost as fuck. The discussion thread was all like “omg Arthur is secretly a bad guy” nope dudes just fucking stupid
I like how Arthur’s strength grows the more delusional he is.
Also his horse is actually a donkey just like in fire force
Cause he thinks it’s a giant
He’s a character from a famous old Spanish novel, he’s an old man who lost his mind and thinks he’s a knight.
Arthur from fire force is becoming one of my favourite characters. He’s like a modern day Don Quixote.
(At least in the first episode)
no singing while fighting though <:TsubasaDisgust:349013662775902209>
Opening of the new boku no hero academia episode looked so good even though it was just a throwaway scene
https://sakugabooru.com/data/fe71f167c9dd4f669919584f6be50d52.mp4
That is some clean animation
I liked granbelm, cool animations and solid music
Also oresuki because it’s funny
My hero and fire force because I’m invested
For the longest time I thought it was the anime with the penguin girl
I still need to watch flip flappers
Build fighters was alright but the newer series just became trans am spam
I’d love a mecha battle Royale
ITS BURNING GRIP TELLS ME TO DEFEAT YOU
THIS HAND OF MINE GLOWS WITH AN AWESOME POWER
It was very catchy
I really liked the op for it
https://youtu.be/SzsBE4lNs8o
<:ShirabeStare:582381430915596289>
If I wanted to watch a movie in complete silence I could do it at home
I do like watching some movies with fans though. I loved watching Infinty war and endgame on opening weekend cause I just got caught up in the excitement of the crowd
Yeah it’s a dick move if your doing it without notifying the other viewers/manager
Yup
They should have booked a personal screening or reserved the whole screening beforehand
Tbh I personally enjoy them, watching with a crowd of fans is great cause they give off such a positive energy but I can see why other people who are just there to enjoy the movie dislike them because of how disruptive they are
Like clapping and shouting quotes during the movie
Just general excitement stuff
There’s always a lot more energy in jp voice acting. But im probably missing a lot of nuance because I don’t know the language
Aoi Yūki is my favorite pokemon
So if I go to the RT website in Asia I can’t watch rwby there I have to go to CR?
Cause RT not having the rights to stream their own stuff in Asia sounds so weird
Does the RT website not work in asia?
I forgot shippuden ran till 2017
Probably cause they can watch anime on tv or on there own streaming sites
What do you guys think is the anime of the decade. The one people will remember. 
Personally I think it’s either attack on titan for it’s insanely wide reach or SAO for starting the isekai franchise that dominated the decade
Touma is too generic shouted protagonist for me
I think I got into like the first 4 eps of s1 but that teleporting girl was a bit much
I should really finish railgun
Also this backpack is the coolest thing ever and I want one
Watched the first two eps of keep your hands off eizouken, that show just oozes with style.
CGDCT will never die because it’s so broad and can cover a lot of topics.
I’m surprised that isekai is still alive tbh. I feel like they all cover the same plot structure with like one or two differences
my only problem with s3 was the animation was pretty poor
Yeah the premise of shield hero was interesting, a world isekai heroes is a common occurrence and the whole battle Royale thing on paper sounds interesting
More like uses the isekai genre in an interesting way. Like how madoka goes in depth into the magical girl genre
What show has the best use of the isekai plot point. Cause konosuba is my favourite but imo it could have just been a generic fantasy show and you wouldn’t lose a lot of its charm.
Also the ED is so damn cute
Omg I didn’t even realise.
I am disappointed in myself that this is the only show I’ve been able to keep up to date with this season.
It’s like a harem version of my gym partners a monkey
Seton academy is such a trashy school romcom but it has hina kino from asobi asobase so Ive been watching every episode.
I love the trope of people switching from internal monologuing to speaking out loud for dramatic effect. 
It’s so cheesy lmao
Whose obi wan then?
Side note: I watched the latest ep of the directors cut and I had forgotten how good rie takahashi was during that argument scene. Also Subaru being an absolute cringelord is still hard to watch
In comparison though, Subaru still has no idea about where his powers come from or how they operate. Dudes got no idea when the next time savepoint is set or how many lives he gets.
From mental suffering to physical suffering <@!238855496797257729>
Don’t worry they switch it up
let her smash <:ChrisCharge:586320496346529792>
She’s just so confident and witty. 
Also cute

I caught up with in/spectre. 
Kuro and Kotoko are pretty damn cute
Yeah he’s just in the middle of suffering
It’s essentially the blu ray edition
Ok so shonen anime is generally pretty trashy but when they start playing the op over an important moment. That’ll never get old.
Jeez it’s nearly as old as when I watched it.
I never watched haruhi as it was released but I can only imagine the pain of watching the endless right
Watching black clover on the side today.
It’s...average, the animation jumps between sub-par to good and they pad everything with too many flashbacks. But the story isn’t half bad, a bit cliche but it plays those tropes well. The characters themselves are decently fleshed out and don’t just job to make asta look better.  I like how Asta and yuno are actually rivals who respect each other unlike in other shonen. 
If I was still 12 years old I’d probably watch the shit out of  black clover like I did with naruto or dbz
Technically only the jury voted for it 
The public voted for attack on titan
https://animeawards.moe/results/main
Ye
Symphogear got 3rd in the jury awards and 9th in the public awards for anime of the year, so at least it got some recognition
But what I’ve been reading is that it’s one of the best precure seasons.
I don’t watch precure so I have no idea
Lmao r/anime awards happens and there’s a lot of people salty that the jury voted for Huggto precure as anime of the year
Caught up with black clover. Idk if it’s Stockholm syndrome but it’s actually pretty good. It’s so unabashedly shonen, with its mid fight power ups, power of friendship speeches and never give up MC but it does them well enough that I don’t roll my eyes at it. One thing it does better than other shonen anime is that the side characters stay somewhat power relevant and have actual growth.
When can I watch carnival phantasm
Can’t be bothered
Cause I ceebs playing the VN
So what’s the one you should watch first
Ram was pretty great during the ova. The snow sculpture review scene was gold
I like Rem but I feel like Emilia gets too much shit from the audience cause we only see her through Subaru’s eyes
Ngl when he reset I thought he went all the way back to the start
Being Subaru is suffering
||Suffering time <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025> <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025> ||
Oh boi the directors cut re zero is up to my favourite part of the show
When she tries to make Jin join her pack 10/10
I’m a fan of ranka cause she’s voiced by hina kono
Ayy I got pinged by shirabe <:ShirabeCheer:671887003414954005>
What about what’s the deal with the steel lady or the story behind the cousin
I watch in/spectre more for the interactions between those two than the actual mystery
Just cause they’re popular doesn’t mean their best girl material
Implying that anzu from hinamatsuri isn’t best girl <:TsubasaDisgust:349013662775902209>
Granbelm is both magical girls and mecha
give me more tamers plz
tamers is the best season
i liked tamers cause it got real weird at points
also they went really indepth into their characters
wow shirabe spoilers smh
~~where’s the uncensored version though~~
This grand blue adaption actually looks decent wtf
https://youtu.be/-ufT8oalisc
heero was such an edgelord
Good old gundam wing
||When saki realises kotoko is framing her lmao||
|| But saki is hot though :(
why can’t she stay||
Manga knowledge is a curse
Who knew shitposting could save the world
As an anime watcher I didn’t find it very slow, the dialogue and mystery was fun and intriguing enough to keep me entertained. Tbh I’m mostly watching this show for the interactions between the main three protags and kotokos crazy theories
It reminded me of some old mystery shows where they don’t give you the conclusion until the next episode to keep you interested
So does the manga just have a timeskip after the events of ep 1?
Maybe but if they cut it out the ep before is her fighting some crazed demon which would expect me to believe all she does is fight monsters.
Because I think placing the snake case beforehand works in establishing the premise and introduction to her methods.
You mean the first case as in steel lady?
Watching seton academy and I am more invested in the lionXgazelle romance sub plot than the tsundere animal harem.
Loving those shots of deku the psychopath.
That was a very emotional episode of my hero, I felt myself genuinely rooting for Gentle and la brava during the episode
It’s a fun show with good chemistry between the main cast
Season 2 is even better though
It’s a really fun show
wdym what about nagisa
Rem? Don’t you mean ram
It’s the fingers episode
Oh damn
Kanamori is best girl
When the spinoff has more seasons than the og shows
It’s only the first episode so I’m willing to wait for some answers later on.
They did a good job of establishing the basic plot and why I should care which is enough exposition for the first ep imo
Loving this rough outlining
Watched the first ep of tower of god.
Loving the atmosphere of the show, the slightly rough art style gives it a real web comic feel. Also the soundtrack is incredibly captivating.
1st ep just drops you into the world and pulls you along for the ride but it’s a fun enough ride for me to keep watching.
does that new anime "sing yesterday for me" have anything to do with the beatles song or is it just a cool title
The digimon reboot looks interesting.
The art style looks really clean and it’s weird to see digimon adventure look so nice. Looks like they’re veering away from the og story, also two champion level digimon already is whack
And then he punched the shit out of devimon
Hmm maybe next ep is that omnimon shenanigans chucks them all the digital world
They’re having a whole episode on birdramon?!?
Birdramon?!?
Maybe this is like the parrotmon vs greymon incident where its just an intro and then later on they go camping and end up in the digimon world proper
I don’t think it was confusion
I think Matt was surprised that tai lived so close
I like that Matt isn’t a total edgy loner boy and willingly teams up with tai
As long as they end up in a desert fighting a rock and roll monkey by the end of the season I’m happy
Also dude is just browsing 4chan for military secrets lmao
Ikr Izzy’s carrying their asses but tentomon is still missing.
Yeah if I was new to the franchise I’d be pretty lost rn. They went from stopping a train to Tokyo getting nuked in 2 episodes, actual crazy power escalation.
https://streamable.com/82sprg
This is the greatest digimon has looked in years. The animations has been fantastic so far and I love the nods to the og movie with the complete silence during the missile countdown.
But I’m still on the fence with the plot. I like that its not a retread of the original but introducing omnimon so early doesn’t have the same impact and I’m concerned that it shafts the rest of the digidestined later on.
<:HibikiBlep:605209109284782090> Kaguya is back and so is best girl
Any demon slayer fans here
Are they gonna pull out omnimon already?
Oh shit yeah you right
Is it a reference to yesterday by the Beatles?
But what does the title mean.
I’ve heard good things about ‘sing yesterday for me’ so I might pick it up, also the title is intriguing and I want to know what it means and how it relates to the plot
yeah tower of god,digimon and kaguya are what im watching
Today I learned that demon slayer has a musical
https://youtu.be/0opCY7ysw-Q
It started with best girl hayasaka so I’m pretty happy
Wasn’t Izzy also going? That’s why he met tai
I’m guessing it’ll be like the original and they all meet at camp
I remember reading it somewhere but now I can’t find the source so ignore me.
Hopefully it runs longer though
And somehow Leomon dies again
I’m guessing they beat devimon by the end
exactly
Yeah
This is only 13 eps though so I wonder how far they’ll go
Yeah cause their digivices have them already
I think they already have them,
That’s how they transformed into omnimon
Also khun being told he’s carrying a heavy bag is hilarious both physically and emotionally
Tracksuit dude from tower of god reminds me of Sokka from avatar with his haircut and his intelligent but goofy personality
They went to a summer camp and didn’t get transported?
This new digimon series is craaaazy
Nooo 
But we were just about get birdramon
the punishment game lmao
Wing zero customs wings are so impractical but damn they do look cool as hell
Khun and bam looking hella cute
Kaguya with the monogatari references this week and an entire chapter centred on hayasaka. S2 is looking better than s1
Week 5 of watching sing yesterday for me and I still don’t know what the title means.
But the show is getting spicy with relationships so that’s a plus
It’s like dragon maid but they actually eat the tail
This scene from the first ep gives you a good look into what the show is about
https://youtu.be/_2LQX8TOjO8
I guess but it’s like pg 13 gore at best
Been watching janshin dropkick on the side. It’s a very average cute demon girls doing things show. Episodes are fairly predictable and only decent comedy. Most of the punchlines are just “janshin is stupid and now she’s getting chopped/sliced/punched.” The show also just starts off in the middle of the story without explaining who any of the characters are.
If you enjoy Gabriel dropout or half naked snake ladies you might like janshin,
Ganbare shamiko, become a demon who gets a 2nd season
also they drape it over only one arm which makes it much cooler
Same, I am a sucker for jackets used as capes
The only thing I wish they did was sing the songs in character like symphogear
Promised neverland was really fun and unique.
Can’t wait for season 2
Also they gave bam an outfit change and I’m hoping everyone else does as well. I love when anime’s give their characters different outfits per arc or season
Rachel officially worst girl of tower of god cause she steals Rak’s chocolate bars.
What a monster
doesn't she think nicole is dangerously hot though
maybe she falls for the president since he's a minor character in the game
i keep getting mary and maria confused cause their names are so similliar
also she puts effort into her harem
Janshin drop kick and kaguya
Still weird that 3 different anime this season did the personalities council bit
Lmao love that sponge bob episode

Live action keep your hands off eizouken looks weird 
https://youtu.be/nstlpJqwOFc
Still haven’t fixed the issue of them not translating the flyers that the characters were reading or just their terrible typesetting <:CarolPout:617039564313198602>
This was the error in the subtitles. Changed to **“why are you so far away from me”**
https://twitter.com/aniplexUSA/status/1260765308102619136?s=20
all i know is that both include people going into mascot costumes and its oddly sexual
Still waiting on new digimon to comeback
It’s just wholesome fun
I need to catch up
All I know of bunny girl senpai is the op and the “I want them to sandwhich me” meme
Is bunny senpai actually that good?
yeah usually traverse through the weekly r/anime karma poll
love me some yugioh dub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5iBJLQwClU
the only part of adam i liked was his magical telephone
It does take them less time for them to realise they’re made for each other
It’s more direct than most shows though
Granbelm is a slowish lesbian romance. Lots of cool mech fights
Good old granbelm
I miss granbelm <:HibikiCrying:421432969996271616>
The contrast between the characters personalities and their own wishes was so interesting. ||You have the kind and compassionate Mangetsu who’s willing to cut people down just so people will acknowledge her <:ElfneinMunch:688190074285850728> ||
I love the opening theme
rip jojo's dog
> Naming gimmick in Jojo is they are named after shit bands
thems fighting words
zippers op
i just like how creative the battles become and the unique use abilities
i think one of the traits of jojo is that its as over the top as possible. so the whole animal abuse while bad isnt as overly dramatic as your making it out to be
part 4 is set in a small town and that was awesome tho
thats why i'm not that concerned about part 6
before part 5 though everyone that it would suckk
they said that about part 5 as well tbf
I feel like that’s more of a Hindu myth what with their belief in reincarnation and what not
I like how they’re giving some of the side characters more development like tube top lady and double katana guy.
Gonna be sad when they eventually die
Ikr,
Khun you sexy traitor you
Khun and shibisu being hella cute
Ss2 gohan, father son Kamehameha. 
Don’t tell me you didn’t feel anything when goku sacrificed himself to kill cell
Listen,
First half of cell saga is slow asf.
But the perfect cell fight is amazing.
DBZ is a lot of fun to watch though, story isn’t that great but it’s got great action sequences and decent humour sprinkled throughout
Goku saying goodbye at the end of cell saga and then the next arc opens with gohan as the main protag was crazy
Yeah, in hindsight it’s kinda silly that they kept just rezzing them but at the time these were big moments
Yeah I think the most important things in a shounen isn’t an elaborate complicated plot but good characters.
every time I see kakeguiri clips it just looks like girls orgasming to statistics and I’m just like <:TsubasaDisgust:349013662775902209>
Old man goku
Ultra instinct hair is so silly, I liked the silver eyes with the glow better
Outside of the animation I love how gripping the action was even though it was relatively low stakes in the scheme of things
Broly movie was so much fun
He didn’t even fully master it because he nearly died from using it.
Also he spent an entire season fighting for his life and slowly building up to it with his bouts against Jiren and kefla
I’m guessing you meant ultra instinct?
Can’t think of any other MC who’d save a bad guy from death because he wants to fight later
Yeah goku at least has some unique traits.
They’re just very basic
Shonen MC aren’t blankslate characters they’re all kinda smart, just  underdogs who care about their friends and are stubborn.
I think most people fantasise having their powers than being the characters themselves
Didn’t expect to wake up to an intense  discussion lmao. Imma go have breakfast now
Tower of good with the Me_irl
Poor Serena I am gonna miss her
between this vogue reference and the peanuts reference this was a really crazy episode of kaguya
https://gfycat.com/thirstyminiatureazurevasesponge
It’s nice seeing them show off all their powers after watching 500+ episodes.
Which makes it more infuriating when boruto thinks his dad is lame as heck
Naruto and Sasuke absolutely flexing during that fight is great. 
They pull out some classic moves like shadow clone shuriken and then let boruto take the win cause they can
The only bits of boruto iv liked are when the og gang are around
Also shaman king remake Wtf
This is peak AMV
its amazing
https://v.redd.it/ok0ut0uvsl451
someone put the 4kids op over the shaman king trailer
It’s kinda just more of the same which isn’t bad but it is a bit bland.
But those look comfortable and easy to wear
The anime has adapted up to I think 87
Oh it’s 192
Speaking of kaguya 
Latest episode and latest manga chapter are so in sync it’s crazy
But we get more hayasaka
Kaguya has some real dumb moments this season
Oh no
There’s two of them <:MikuShock:690470896154050620>
Those are boomer shows????
rip bam
That final chapter was just on point
I love the callback to the first op with the explosion
Damn that’s dedication
I’ll just wait and see how the 2nd season pans out
I mean the anime was very straightforward and I wasn’t overly confused
I have heard that the tower of god adaption does leave a fair amount of details out for a smoother story
rak is best boi
i loved the rough outlining it had
the art style was also great
How much longer is the directors cut compared to the original?
I feel like I should watch re zero again since it’s been so long since season 1
The only thing that has me interested in great pretender is the Freddie Mercury op
It’s got good fight animation which i didn’t expect
She kinda hot in like a plz kill me kind of way
Claire though
Crusch tho...
Also never got the hate Emilia got, she’s a genuinely nice and loving person it’s not her fault that she finds Subaru weird
Just watched s2ep1 of re zero. Since the last thing I watched with re zero was isekai quartet I forgot that being Subaru is actually suffering. It is not a fun world to be in
I’ll just watch a recap on YouTube and jump onto s2
It had some really great visuals but the pacing of the episodes and dialogue was very off putting for most people
Fire force s2 is getting a lot of momentum which I’m surprised about since I didn’t think s1 was liked that much
she seems generic waifu bait like the magic chick with big boobs from a few seasons ago
personally i don't see the appeal either
but-but-but she has big boobs and a fang how can she be ugly /s
New rezero op slaps
but one poorly executed one doesn’t destroy a whole show either
It’s probably to create this sense of safety, like we already know the “truth” of the world but there’s a darker side that we’re going to learn later on.
It’s reminds me of how in westworld  they drop it pretty casually how the park functions but when dolores learns it seems much more horrible.
You make some valid points but I think the main difference is that this information is for the viewer so far that’s why they dropped it so casually. We’re not gonna see the proper pay off until later on when natsume learns the truth
I’d rather they drop it early. Ep1 started out as generic apocalypse shonen show but now there’s this added twist early on that they can start developing right away.
They probably could have done it better but it’s not bad.
I think the exposition opening for two episodes is fine, the 2nd episodes opening is mean to mirror the first as they reveal that the world is not what it seems.
it got some solid visuals and the direction so far is pretty good.
Hopefully it’s more of the former and doesn’t shit the bed in the finale
||Yeah but I expected more attack titan than westworld
 ||
Of all the things I expected out of deca-dence. ||A realistic mmo rpg was not one of them.||
Fire force s2 is progressing a lot better than last season. The cinematography is still solid but you can tell they have a new director because the scenes flow a lot smoother now
I’m pretty much just watching sequels and deca-dence
Yeah imma give this season another week or two to see what’s catching people’s interest
Oh and god of highschool which I should probably watch
The only other two new shows off the top of my head are rent a girlfriend and demon king 
Which seem very trashy
Still waiting for my appare ranman episodes since that also got covid
Oh rip
Oh they made a 2nd season?
> Her design in general doesn't appeal to me but I'm not really sure why that is
For me it’s too much waifu bait, like with the short hair, small stature with big boobs and a fang on top. Its like the creator tried to appeal to as many preferences as possible.
And all the clips seem to end on the same punchline of “vaguely sexual”
I’ve seen a few clips of uzaki chan on reddit. It’s a bit too much for me.
I just think her design is a bit over the top.
This one

It was airing a few seasons ago
Is it just a college version of that anime with magician that has huge boobs
Its one of those bottomless cups
https://youtu.be/dWBn0nS8s0A
I mean who doesn’t love a meathead feminist
Nice
It’s only been a day and people are already calling echidna best girl ~~not that their wrong~~
Rip
Why isnt there reboot of that classic show
Oh man zoids
Let’s see if it gets an eng release
Doesn’t look half bad
But it’s based on zoids I don’t know though....
Just give me a good modern zoids game
Beserk fury all the way
6-7 armors 
W H A T
Rip panzer. He would blow his load not even five minutes in then go naked liger zero
I liked new century and the whole armor gimmick of liger zero tho
Fuzors was dumb he just combines with birds
I know there’s been a few series like fuzors and new century.
But weren’t they all early 2000s-2010
||Also just the entire “Too late to say goodbye” with his parents <:HibikiCrying:421432969996271616> ||
When he stares at the clock waiting for it to tick over is too relatable
Bruh, when newest ep of re zero hit  close to home
it explained so much about subaru's personality and was such an emotional episode
Anyone else only watching GOH just for the insane fighting scenes?
I usually just skip the downtime in between action sequences
Riding around on a bike slapping teenagers asses 
What the fuck
Yeah that’s fucked
oh i thought that was already out
Fire force would be so much better without tamaki. Her only role on the show is to get half naked every other episode for the laughs.
https://twitter.com/WSJ_manga/status/1292734533276774400
rip act-age has been discontinued
How much extra content do they add?
I need to do that
I spent like  the first two ep of s2 piecing together my knowledge of s1
I feel like a lot of hate SAO gets is because it’s the poster boy of that isekai power fantasy anime that they dislike.
But there are better/tasteful ways to show that than just “rape”
I still think SAO abridged is the best way to enjoy sao
Fire force is such a pretty anime but it just falls flat on so many things.
Which is shame because i like the concept and the lore
Didn’t they get a new director for s2 of fire force it’s not a former shaft  director now
<@453836798796234762> ye
If you don’t skip any
What’s the worst op you’ve forced yourself to listen to then
I also skip if I’m binging a show and know that they don’t pull some weird shit during the op
I skip ops I dislike
I like to have the Ed play while I tab out and look at discussion threads
Tbf if you didn’t know, it just looks like a very Smokey fire
Comparison
There’s a shot of a row of nuns sitting down that are on fire which got blacked out
It’s a shame because it’s a nice  ED
feelsbadman Fire force released at the worst time
Is Christmas like a  peak romance period in japan?
Because I’ve always seen it treated like a family holiday around here
S2 when
You became the demon that got a 2nd season
Ganbare shamiko
she wants that KNOWLEDGE
Re zero spoilers
||Seeing Subaru breakdown when he can finally talk about return by death was so cathartic to watch, echidna shaping up to be best girl of the season||
Hold me closer necromancer
I remember Komi used to be a lot more popular but it got stale cause there was never any progress
yeah i'm only watching three shows this season, theres not a lot to watch this season
I thought it was neat, ending was a bit wonky and I think them brushing over a lot of how magic worked was kinda silly but I enjoyed the ride
Why didn’t you like granbelm carolnein?
That tall one right
its made by the same dude as bleach ye?
burn the witch has some dope visuals
||I thought at first she got taken over by echidna or satella but I think this is much worse||
I thought everyone says start with 100+ hr VN 
/s
Kimetsu no yaiba
Trash taste is also a fun podcast to listen to
I don’t like some of gigguks “reviews” but dudes got some funny shit
Yeah definitely the prettiest anime i saw that year
Dan Machi? That’s the one with the big Boobed ribbon chick yeah?
S1 definitely felt like a bit slow because they had to do so much worldbuilding and setup.
S2 is great because they can get into the juicy stuff
Ye same day as re zero
decadence is over <:KirikaSalute:620069889838809089> 
wasnt a groundbreaking anime but it was a fun watch throughout, nice character designs and giant robot fist whats not to love
The movie was pretty solid though
S2 when
strike witches
burn the witch
wandeirng witch
hmm lots of witch shows this season
the only thing i know about wandering witch so far is that the creator was like
no panty shots
are there any interesting anime originals this season?
i watched burn the witch, that was alright
i actually dont even know what to watch this season
or do the restriction drops coincide with the release?
yeah its weird that theyre dropping all of it just for kimetsu
Good old 
WA MOON DASS CRY
Thnx <@486087033652248576> you beast
Currently enjoying the kanye fandom imploding cause his new album hasn’t come out yet
is this the new battle music?
Kanye finally released a new album
https://open.spotify.com/album/0FgZKfoU2Br5sHOfvZKTI9?si=9d5IUf_hTQKuW4IQU8SS4A
https://youtu.be/826mxiKjoP0
New strokes album is fire
