9 it is
guess we still go on 9 then
ty SANIC
you weren't playing raids that much, right argo?
that is one truly miracle
cant wait for my maria to be maxed too...
currently targeting body raids
np phyll, hope you got something out of it
attacking it~
I should start doing more raids...
holy Cais...
I don't seem to have any of you (as I never actually was active in raids... sorry) if there is any spot for me, would be great 🙂
alright... created 7 spots
but the follower list is always full <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
I'll also open up for followers only I guess, easier than those little snipers
Gl

<:Ver:336656981144109066>


A green carol for people

I just look at the time, card and player lvl
no idea... should be
<:TsubasaNote:689554460044820608>
And you know about the person yesterday with the weird bug I guess
Not sure who's dead on the friendlist, it says Final Play time instead of Last Login
hehe
I have nothing really to give money too, so why not whale and support the game indeed
_looks really cute and winks to Lucky, gief?_
EXP MATS...
me trying to catch up...

I'm quite behind on a LOT OF 5 * tbh

niceee
good
I miss not having a good T
I'm waiting for xd Maria 😦
alright, got Cheruiel and Cais
Also as I only levelled up my burnbasa recently, I did not had her for the body raid, going better all of a sudden <:VanessaCracked:639136452600397829>
Me pretty much in every raid...
guess will start a body one
the last 20K is Defeat 😛
Every Green Carol is now like that
Go kill it lol

woah

Not really for the raids channel, but ingame; Go to the homescreen, on your left, there is "Menu" and then Player Info 😉
Green Carol up

guess I will spawn some carols
made it follower only because I have quite some snipers
Left some HP. Go tickle her
This will take a while with 3CP...

^ Add the ID to your name, makes it easier :3
ty ahegao!
here Phionex, felt kinda lonely
but yeah, you can't tell that...
but the director also was against the whole thing
I don't have the interview at hand atm, sorry for that
yes
it wasn't the director that made the choice
now, watch Railgun for fun, but if you want to understand more about the franchise, watch/read Index and bear with it
everyone is salty what happened to Index S3, but the director doesn't bear any fault to that
bilibili is quite the sponsor indeed
or well, at least mid as you say
accelerator was good too
yep, I also love railgun more than index
even with the upcoming arc
railgun should be alright and completely save
