Double references? ouo
SPAS-!2, Girls Frontline
Was thinking Mariplier > Markiplier 😂
Wouldn't be surprise if it's normal for "most" of us over time.

As for the question, it's mostly mocking what the non-anime fans. Cause you know, 2019 "everyone" offended by everything these days,.
Say what? ouo
Oh yeah can't forget the recent one.

Persona 5 Royal Female MC

NA: Cover her up! "Too much skin!"

JP: It's part of her design since she's a gymnast.
Nudity and bikini in Anime: Hot springs, transformation scenes, misunderstanding scenarios and cliches, harem genre, ecchi genre, and fanservice

NA 
===
-- Nudity in hot spring:  "It's porn and hentai and 'NSFW'! Protect the children, REEEEEEEE!" "Make them wear bikini!" (kinda defeats the purpose of hot spring)
--Nudity itself: "PORN! HENTAI! NSFW! Except in movies and drawing nude models in art classes"
-- Transformation scenes: Same "reason" as the first along with "Cover it up!"
-- Changing room scenes: Same "reason" as before with "What a slut!" or "She gunna get r*pe!"
-- Bikinis : "NSFW! It's porn!" Even though it's clothing and wear for the beach and swimming pools only.

JP
===
--Nudity in hot spring: Treat it as normal, some hot springs are steamy.
-- Nudity itself: Normal in fanservice and ecchi, R15 category.
-- Transformation scenes: Just transformation scenes
-- Changing room scenes: Cliche and trope for humor
-- Bikinis: Mostly the norm for beach and fanservice episodes.
That's how desperate the KickVic been lately
This youtuber and YellowFlash is where I get my sources from.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaE1z0qLeXWpExU02uMeuvA/videos
Apparently to the opposing group, hugging and a tap on the shoulder are considered "assault"....
You're on point on that, Solopy.
Long story short, Marzgurl on Twitter with ANN was the start on the false accusations of it all.
They thought they were gonna get away without any consequences, but now... lawsuits and they're losing the battle.

Also, to make things worse, Marzgurl and the KickVic group started to attack his family out of desperation cause they know they're losing.
Even though they falsified and fabricated evidence that many have pointed out and called out on.
Ever since the Vic situation, Star.
Just like using anime and fanservice games for scapegoat as well. Yet here we are, playing M-Rated games and we're fine.
Yeah, that's just bs. Violence has been around for a very long time before video games and technology existed.
Also, I don't rely on Kotaku, ANN, Polygon, ResetEra, or other sources that are toxic and twisted for clickbaits.
That's one of the reasons why I brought up on ecchi, fanservice, and nudity in anime. It really irritates me at times, whether in art form or so with creators, developers, and artists. Plus art posts as well.
^ 
Along with misinformation and false information on the anime, video games, forms of entertainment, hobbies, and etc we like.
Misogyny.... Getting real tired of that.
Oh yeah... "Professional Victims" is a thing as well. Those are taken seriously while actual victims aren't and ignored. Just saying.
Bikky, doubt is more likely.
Rakhi, not everyone was raised in a loving and caring family. But it differs for each and every individual's life.
Because the Broly movie
Not to mention, Vic is very nice and kind to his fans too. What's wrong with kindness, loving, and respectful, really?
Here's the thing though. During the entire situation, Vic was quiet while everyone else was running their mouths. That's saying something.

And now he's being invited back to conventions he was kicked out of now that the false accusations are being proven wrong by an actual lawyer.
It's only speaks truth when there's actual proof of it. Like, where's the photos or reports of it actually happened?
False accusations do exist and we all know what it does. Ruin and ends a man or woman's life.
It's not clickbait with this one since they have actual proof and evidence in the Archives.
Well, to each their own, Hana.
"Edgy" anime... Shadow the Edgehog. :p
Hanyuu is best moe girl
Don't forget the Nipahs
Along with no controversy in JP with the show
As for... Goblin Slayer?
.....I don't even care anymore. Might as well not be born myself. No one is gonna miss this imperfect person that couldn't help or save anyone anyway. I hate myself for a very long time, so it's fine. I don't blame anyone on here, I only blame myself mostly.

What's left of the good people of humanity, have a good day. I'm sure you guys will do a better job making the world better than I do. illindus, I may not know much about you and vice versa, but... glad we could agree on something.
You deny that "professional victim" as an occupation that scumbags uses to ruin other people's lives and hurting others for twisted enjoyment doesn't exist? When they're the ones being heard more than that the actual victims and survivors that went through those traumatized events are ignored....

I know the difference on actual victims, and the ones that are false that just do it for the sake to hurt other people, lives of other, for attention and drama, and their twisted entertainment. You think or assume I don't know that?

I apologize for bringing it up again, Star. But honestly... I'm just tired of misinformation on anything, people fighting one another for many reasons, deaths, and so many things. I'm just tired of it all...

I'm no hero, savior, helper, or anything... I can't even be useful to any of you guys on XDU, any other mobile games, or anything at all.  Maybe it's better that I don't say anything, post and share anything, and just interact at all. Sorry, for the troubles even though... it was never my intentions to do so and for being a monster to you all in your eyes...
^
I'm not discrediting them. I'm just saying that false victims are heard more, while the actual victims and survivors aren't, sadly. I'll stop and leave it at that since you asked me to.
Okay, I've been wondering for a long time now since it depends and varies for each series between the two. Super Sentai, Power Rangers, which one is better?
Toku?
Basically kids and girls version of Sailor Moon and Mahou Shoujo.
Since you brought up wholesome, have you seen the Precure series, <@182890099183190018> ?
"Anime is for kids", yeah not til ya watch that.
Speaking of dark and gore, despite it being a bad adaptation..... Corpse Party
Sure it won't be "edgy" if we live and experience in that fictional world. Dark, gruesome, and so.
Haven't seen xXx Holic nor Witchblade to this day, cause backlog is too long
I was crying on a certain character in Devilman Crybaby. And the 1st episode of Castlevania
Before Goblin Slayer and Shield Hero.... anyone watched Berserk, Devilman Crybaby, Hellsing, Hellsing Ultimate, Elfen Lied, and any other dark, gory anime?
"Ah shit. Here we go again." GTA San Andreas
Correction, I was a teen at that time, Yuri. 
Goood for you, Yuri. --don't care--
"PS3, a console is mostly a blu-ray players". not the case with NA. ^^;
^ Doubt it
I don't know about the made up part. I mean... rabid dogs and bites do exist...

