dess_timely
I'm using this one currently, might work well
Alright, I might be able to make, if not I'll just catch up on my own for next weeks
Sorry, I was asking when it was going to be, like is it tonight tomorrow or sunday?
Yea I'm going home tomorrow so I might not be able to make it as well.
Have we decided when this week's watch secession is going to be?
It's been working mediocre in standard sub-rank 20
6 in 80 boys here we go.  Any decks you guys been trying out?  I've been having fun with quest warlock where the only discard I run is cataclysm
Yea I've got a bit of a collection going.  Been playing pretty consistently since beta.
I did at one point, until I realised I hadn't played it in 20+ games and replaced with n'zoth for them sweet sweet voidlords
Granted I don't finish the quest much but it's basically there so I can run cataclysm and not fuck myself over.
Don't have cubes, or manari's skull or Umbra so I'm running control quest warlock and it's actually working somewhat well.
Man Wax Rager is great, until you get the god damn Beholder boss and you hear "Flummox"
Hunter was a fun run for me, I drafted like 4 DKs and had the passive that reduces the cost of minions that cost more than 5 so I just made the biggest beasts I could.
Nice, which class do you have left?
It's been a while since I've played, but I think the game itself does a better job of easing the player into everything.
What about Bravely Default as a beginner's JRPG?  I'm not super into JRPGs myself but I love both Bravely Default and the sequel.
I had the most insane game in the wild brawlnasium today where I was reno mage and the other guy was an inner fire priest.  He stole a firelands portal from me, which spawned him an alley armor smith.  He buffed it to 30/30 but couldn't kill me because I got that 3/3 that spawns 1/2 taunts from my firelands portal and he blew all his aoe.  So he got up to like 250 armor before I drew polymorph.  I still managed to win somehow.
Yea he's easy with Cannoneer, but absolutely counters Houndmaster if you don't get the +2 health to all minions upgrade.
There are so many just "Fuck you I win" bosses in witch hunt.  I had like 3 runs ended by the guy who summons a 1/3 with deathrattle deal one damage to all minions because I was playing a heavy token deck as the houndmaster.
It managed to carry me through gnomenapper, then I won against the final boss with the sack of gnomes+prep turn one.
It's absolutely disgusting if you manage to get the Jade package with Jade Shuriken
