Both are underwatched magical girl shows with similar atmospheres.
I was really only thinking about Precure when I suggested this.
Twintails is one of my favorites, but might be one to think about carefully.
>more than any of those aliens could
You sure about that?
I'm not creeped out or offended by it, but sometimes I find that kind of thing funny, and others find it offensive that I find it funny.
I thought it was funny, and he was very cute when transformed, but apparently some don't see it that way.
That, and its occassional lewd moments, are the unique challenges I spoke of.
Eh... technically it's more about magical gender swapping, and the awkward situations that arise from it.
Twintails is a bit on the lewd and weird side, so that could pose some unique challenges. It's a fun magical girl show, but not quite the same as Symphogear.
Fair enough, just an idea.
I was thinking more of a Discord thing.
There are a bunch of people here who watch Precure, and it's almost unheard of elsewhere. So that seemed worth exploring.
I've never heard of Kamen Rider, but if they already like us I see no problem with that.
Precure, or Twintails?
If you like one, you'll probably like the other.
I was thinking Precure. It's quite similar in atmosphere to Symphogear, and just as underwatched. There's also a good bit of overlap between Precure and Symphogear fans.
Twintails is fun. Do they even have an active following though?
Wasn't what I had in mind.
What are your thoughts on partnering with other servers?
What's wrong with Madoka's Discord? (I'm not in it, or advocating)
It stayed like that for a long time.
That could be a community worth exploring. I was in their discord though, and one day they randomly changed it to something else.
Hugtto had a couple... moments. Kind of like the one in Zombieland Saga, and like a week before it too. I either didn't see the drama, or it didn't happen, not sure which.
Neither has any infrastructure for a partnership, and for the most part, their staff don't know one another exists.
But it's just a suggestion. If you have compelling reasons for concern, you've been around here a lot longer than I have. I won't be offended if you think it's a bad idea.
And seeing both Symphogear and Precure are underwatched, with fandoms who want more attention for their hidden gems, it seemed like a logical thing to suggest.
Idea was, if there's a particular show and community following similar to another, having them be aware of one another might be mutually beneficial.
If you like Symphogear or Precure, there's a good chance you'll like the other. There's a larger than normal group of people here who like Precure, and quite a few who haven't heard of or tried it. Same with Symphogear in the Precure community (personally I avoided it because I thought it was mecha).
Just cross promoting, cross-polinating if you will.
I'm here for cute magical girls. Looking at Rider's synopsis, they don't seem to have that.
What do you mean by eaten?
Well, aside from issues you presented with Twintails, what other problems do you foresee?
And then it was Hibiki's picture that gave me the final push.
I was hesitant because I'm not interested in mecha, and because I heard it was dark.
And I think there's nothing deceptive about calling it a magical girl show.
Just finished first season.
Probably would've picked it up eventually, because it's an obligatory magical girl show.
I saw a picture of Hibiki, which I thought was cute, so I figured it was time to start watching this.
It's from the Halloween episode of Hugtto Precure.
I just set this recently, and the episode it's from is like a week old.
I hardly ever say anything in the Konosuba server.
Yep, Discord note matches.
I have you as a friend... so probably.
I haven't watched too far into Symphogear. Is this a spoilery place?
No you weren't.
Just makes traditional magical girls like Precure stand out more I guess.
There are some decent executions of dark/sad fantasies similar to Madoka. Lost Song and Yuki Yuna to name a couple. But then we get garbage like Magical Girl Raising Project and Mahou Shoujo Site that just try to be edgy.
And hearing this was dark was another demotivator.
Madoka is a worthy 10/10 show, but it's not enjoyable. I watch magical girl shows for happy cute stuff, not watching girls suffer.
Hurting Miku is an effective way to hurt Hibiki, so of course Miku will get hurt.
They'll probably hurt Hibiki again, as always. <:HibikiCrying:421432969996271616>
At least Hibiki's wasn't too bad.
<:ShirabeConcern:586404485598019604>
But if Shirabe's is next...
I hope the other transformations are more tame than that.
Lines were crossed.
This is on another level.
Were the transformations always this fanservicey?
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
The Kirika full release would be... something.
Shirabe's transformation wasn't as lewd as Kirika's after all.
Shirabe's was good though.
A little bit of fanservice is ok. Kirika's was more than a little.
Give Hibiki a happy ending at least.
That is not very happy.
Like unable to take care of Hibiki anymore.
I mean badly enough to inhibit her function as a human being.
I feel like the vampire girl will probably do that trippy eye thing on her too.
Poor Miku. If she isn't dead she's going to be traumatized like Tsubasa.
That... is stupid enough they might actually do it.
She'll forget what she's doing.
Elfnein going to forget Hibiki.
No worse than making your friends sit through Madoka.
|| Then gets a visit from her friendly neighborhood incubator. ||
Carol defeats god with unlimited power by breaking laws of thermodynamics to get infinite power herself.
And that violation of thermodynamics is *exactly* why they would do it.
Don't be so mean to Hibiki. She just got hospitalized, have some compassion.
This might become my first 1/10 if she does.
```WHO IS GOING TO DIE?```Better not be Hibiki.
They did this just to torture Hibiki.
>requiem montage hinting that Miku is gone
This is Hibiki abuse.
I guess that latest transformation reinforces her connection with Dark Magician Girl...
Dark Magician *Girl*?
Stupid question: What is DMJii?
Fudo keeps saying Tsubasa can't save the world with the power of songs. I bet *that's* foreshadowing something at the end.
I'm not Japanese so I can't be sure, but I could see someone interpreting "this excites me" in that kind of way.
You sure that's not just the translator making it sound suggestive?
What does that mean?
What was the Carol thing?
Kirika's transformation.
Remind me what Ryouko did?
Well then...
We looking for new emotes?
**Kirika:** Shirabe, I don't like it here. Can we go home now?
They can breathe in space just fine. It's underwater they have trouble with.
Hibiki cannot enjoy her birthday with Miku gone.
Birthday ruined.
That was season 1.
They didn't confess. They faked out.
An ancient relic of untold power capable of destroying a god abandoned its weilder not once, but twice, to be with the best girl.
If anyone is *scientifically* proven best, it's Hibiki.
That scene where Shem-Ha faked Miku's voice to Hibiki was low.
So are the Symphogear relics destroyed?
Songs are ok, can make something better. Lost Song is a good example of that. But I need to like the characters.
Crunchyroll.
I might start tonight, if I have time.
I haven't seen anything from S2 or beyond yet.
I'm ok with idols (don't care much, boring concept), music is a plus, and the biggest factors for me liking a show are cuteness and the characters. If I knew about that, I might've picked up Symphogear sooner. Just needed to see evidence of cute character design and personality.
S1 > S2 > S4 > S3
Did you sit through S3 already?
If you want edgy suffering, there's some of that in the first two, and also a fair bit of cuteness, friendship, and stuff like that. It's decent, but the story was kind of bad towards the end. 3rd "season" sequel is only related in name, and basically just milking a recognized brand without anything in common.
Lostorage had maybe 3/10 acting at best, almost no character development, main characters are not likable, completely different cast from previous season, none of the same writers or actors, and a game of the same name with substantially different mechanics. Plot "twist" several episodes in was heavily implied, almost explicitly spelled out, in the first episode, and because of the new mechanics the characters all act without any real motive. That kind of trash.
By trash, I mean god-awful execution, not ecchi kind of trash.
First 2 seasons were ok, after that it was edgy trash.
Wixoss wasn't especially great.
https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/9vq793/funimation_titles_have_been_removed_from/
Almost nobody seeding it.
This is gonna take a while to download...
So if not Crunchyroll, where would you recommend going for subsequent seasons?
That sounds like something MLP would do. Also sounds like a spoiler from later seasons.
The music was subbed in Crunchyroll for S1 at least.
This is a bit of a spoiler for the zombieland episode... not that anyone is really going to avoid them at this point.
MiA was a cute adventure.
I didn't say it wasn't. Very cute show.
Cute and comfy is... one way of describing that series...
Don't read that if you haven't watched Puella Magi Madoka Magica.
