dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_timely
It's in the gx shinais, episode 1, 4:16.
because yours looks way better
powerpoint always leaves bits a pieces
I'm going to try to learn how to do this stuff in gimp.
Here ya go
http://is2.4chan.org/m/1577737040202.jpg
I want to see chris with her hair let down now
Happy Birthday Kaguya!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brandenburg_v._Ohio
I think planning violence would fall under 'imminent lawless action' which isn't protected by the first ammendment.
(in america)
well, that's not actually protected by constitutional free speech, fwiw
And also I prefer not having the upvote/downvote system.
I just prefer completely free speech (absent what is blatantly illegal) to arbitrary policing.  This is more obvious with fanart than politics on reddit though, or at least more heard.
On the other hand you have Reddit which quarantines boards with different opinions than the hivemind.
"a kids' site may be identified by such language as '... fun ... games'"
I'm not alt right dude
I let my impassioned view on freespeech obscure my views toward certain things without researching enough into the specific subject matter.
I concede my point
You're right, I moved the goalposts and attempted to change subjects
Communism has caused a significant amount of harm to the world, but I suppose people that go to that subreddit would argue that communism has technically never existed.
I mean, I don't like either group, which is why I chose those in particular.
https://www.reddit.com/r/communism/about/rules/
rule 1
yes, /r/communism explicitly requires you to be a marxist
but ok
Marx literally calls for violent revolution in his works
lmao
As an example of reddit being arbitrary, /r/communism is a standard subreddit and /r/fascism is banned.  Neither are good ideologies.
I think we would need a thoroughly designed simulation to really answer whether only dialects or languages would arise.
Absolutely.  In a hypothetical world with only one language and every other language has been forgotten, you wouldn't have to worry about loan words.  Massive variances in education quality across the world would probably be the biggest obstacle in upkeep.
I think one language would be plausible but impractical.  Even if it did happen, over a few hundred years or so it would linguistically disolve.
Dead
Oh, I have no idea then
Some states have aid programs he and his wife could look into too
You can get paid while getting your education at least
He might be better off trying to peruse a trade
People just don't believe it, for whatever reason.
That's be the best wayanyway
Yeah.  Even if you don't like them you don't want it to come back to haunt you later, however unlikely.
Join military? Sure.  Smoke cigarettes? fine.  Drink a harmless when in moderation beverage? Nah.
You can do most things before you can drink alcohol, which is weird.
it would be weird if you could own a handgun but not a taser tbf
https://buy.taser.com/pages/state-requirements
In short, probably
It's far easier to keep mental health issues under control if you get help sooner rather than later.  You're doing yourself and your therapist a favor, I think.
And for the most part you can just show up one day and they're ok with that.
For finding friends in high school I'd look for clubs in what you're interested in if you have them.  My HS had an anime club and a science bowl that I was pretty active in, and there was the defacto club of people that played a bunch of starcraft.
well yeah.  I'm thinking the 'who are you again'
God I hate that feeling.  Them: hey (name), what's up.  Me: who are you again?
but that's the best part
I can't blame you for that.  I skirt around big family gatherings for the same reason.
I still can't see any situation where I would go.  Welding can get you injured or screw up whatever you're working on if you don't know what you're doing.
and maybe as a courtesy to the employer call and explain the situation.  They would rather that than having someone without technical knowledge try to do a technical job.
If there aren't consequences at home I probably wouldn't even show up.
I've never heard of parents being able to solely get their child a job.  Usually you need the employees signature somewhere at the very least.
I don't use tik tok anyway, but this reminds me a bit of when youtube was demonetizing lgbtq channels
well I take it back then lol
and most likely won't stop just because of bad press
The worst part is they're probably trying to train an algorithm to do it automatically
That's how I feel voting for democrats in a republican state
It's been ages since I picked up a dsm4 manual, but I think there are some key differences
but england sounds like it's quite a bit worse, or at least has the potential to be
but we need to fix congress more I think
I mean, trump's obviously a problem
wait what
tldr me?
I think they're much further off than most people do.
*shudders*
And the regulations, dear god the regulations
I can only imagine some major mechanical failure causes a self driving car to hit a lot of pedestrians on the sidewalk, and then tons of people get up in a scare like some people have over flying.
Car on car accidents would be substantially reduced then
ok
well
believe me, I know.
IANYAL
It'd be comparative neglignce unless we put statutory requirements for it.
In theory you could have every car always completely obey the law then, so short of mechanical failure they should never happen.
I would think it would be negligence on the manufacturer.  There's no good answer though, probably.  At least not yet.
And in a lot of places, at least in the US, wouldn't be considered negligent.
I feel like we're missing details, but consider the absurdly unlikely hypothetical situation where you have not broken any road laws and have to chose between having a head on collision and hitting a pedestrian due to the other drivers negligence.  It's trolley-problem esque, but I imagine in the heat of the moment most people would swerve into the pedestrian to avoid the head on collision.
I'd say I see it every other week
It's very infrequent, which almost makes it worse because it's basically a reaction check when someone does do it.
which is a recipe to cause an accident
The city I'm in has a ton of roundabouts and more times than it should people have just come to a dead stop in them
Tullock's spike
At least for mass use.
I don't think we should stall out self driving cars for lack of perfect operation.  They'll almost certainly have less accidents overall so will be an improvement.  I think price, regulation, and R&D will put them off for a decade at least.
Where there's a drunk idiot there's a way.
Best bet is that he insults a republican figure in a fit of rage and gets a segment of the house to turn on him.
I agree, but a majority of american's don't, so having a free voter ID that you can go pick up is probably the best compromise.
I've heard of some states implementing basically a "voter ID only" ID, which seems like a nice compromise since there's a lot of people in support of voter ID laws, even if the data doesn't back them up.
my b
oh
Isn't that how most power plants work though, except solar
Because it's kiwifarms.  Imagine the worst parts of 4chan, except they give a damn and are semi organized.
Can't go golfing in a fire after all.
they pretty much are, or at least astronomically better than the cheaper alternatives
Or you could try trade school.  You can make pretty good money and they typically pay for any education, if you wouldn't mind being an electrician/plumber/hvac/etc
Would be my suggestions
Choose an in state school if you can, and go to a comm college if you don't get good uni scholarships
But you closed it before it could even load fully
The website itself was probably a phishing site, fwiw.
Also if there were an easy way for hackers to gain super user access to android phones then Google would probably have it fixed overnight.
you're probably fine though
I'm pretty sure all most phone antivirus do is scan your aps for ones not on the appstore or on a predetermined maliciouls app list
phone antivirus software are kind of terrible
Merry Christmas from US central time zone
You get in there, pee in a cup, they find out that you weren't high, you weren't in possession.
like charged with a crime.
You can get arrested for j-walking, if they feel like it.  This also depends heavily state to state.
I should be more careful with my terminology.  You will almost certainly not be charged.
But beyond anything resembling a reasonable doubt, you won't get arrested for it.  Now, if you just don't want to be around people that are high, that's a different story.
and, from what you're saying, *you* won't be high.
Unless you just go up to a cop and declare that you're high, most don't care about users.
Everything I'm finding points to a hard no for weed in idaho.
I've only done it a couple of times because I had a roommate who was into... *everything*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7lmAc3LKWM
the best high song:
That's what I was getting at.  A lot of stuff changes drastically between states.
Even then some states have their own socialized healthcare system Eg, <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_health_care_reform>
so even if one part of the country looks bad to you, some other part may be very appealing.
Just remember saying "I want to live/move/visit America" is pretty much the same as "I want to live/move/visit Europe," sans language barriers.
And press.
Well, he's banking on wartime presidents getting reelected, probably.
Remember, the general population has the memory span of approximately 2 goldfish.
>.jfif
go ahead
you can also snap away the stones themselves
solution: don't use twitter (unironically)
If we didn't have the electoral college I'd agree with you raptor.
probably not.  At least, not for a while.
I was thinking spore.
Everyone is well aware of how gone to shit everything will get if a modern war goes nuclear.
Nuclear is the card everyone has but no one wants to play.  I doubt it.
If it happens, Russia-Iran-China would be the big powers in support of iran.  Not sure about the other side.
Honestly the WW stuff is a real possibility.  A distant one, IMO, but a possibility.  The fear mongery stuff more comes from the people trying to construe this as a way to draft American gen z/millennials into the military
I thought that was more lying about your age to enlist though.
Oh yeah
WW2s draftees were kind of patriotic, draft issues arose in mid to late Vietnam, if I remember correctly from my military history class
Yep
Yes, IIRC we have a military doctrine that's supposed to be large enough to fight and win two theatre wars simultaneously.
ehhh, <https://www.sss.gov/consobj> exists
switzerland
Type 4 may as well be a drunken dream, type 5 a drunken fever dream with acid.
well you save that much in interest
Then there's the pragmatist in me that says a lot of this is kind of useless.
That's probably my biggest problem with cosmology.  A lot of the interesting questions are almost impossible to answer under our current laws of physics (looking at you speed of light).  It becomes more of a mathematical exercise if anything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJevBNQsKtU might help with the explanation?
Same way the area under a normal bell curve is finite
Type 4 because logistics, type 5 because we have no evidence to even support the existence of a multiverse.
If it's really bothering you, a break from social media has never hurt anyone.
Or you browse the meme subreddits on reddit, in which case... well yeah, they're quite popular right now.
You might just be seeing one or two here and there and you perceive it as being more common even though they're spread out.
Mountains and such
And the terrain
Before our involvement
Meh they were screwed in Afghanistan anyway
Also I think the 60s actually
We shall have peace... Through war. <:KaguyaBigBrain:536341916489613352>
Yeah as a general rule don't lie to your doctor.  If they're giving you drugs and you say you're not doing a drug that these react poorly with, a spectrum of bad things could happen.
controlling for income there's no difference in outcomes between private and public
mmmm
but that's hilariously expensive so we're kind of ignoring it
pretty much yeah; it needs to be ground up rebuilt
I ask this  mostly because if you're in a "no locked doors" sort of household, then you might want to look into ironing out the deadline problem.  Explain why you missed it and that you won't be penalized for it and such.
How did she get your password in the first place?
but not sugar
well not plain, salt/pepper
I have a bowl of plain oatmeal and 2 eggs
Typical (american) breakfast food items are pretty damn unhealthy
Yeah you're fine.
also high school it departments are usually ran by snails
One mans trash...
Unless your school has man in the middle an sniffers on their computers they won't even know what you looked at if you delete your history.  RYM uses an https connection so it would be encrypted
I think among friends(at least IRL) it's pretty common to be assholes to each other on occasion(or frequently)(and in a lighthearted manner), but I don't think some random person being an asshole is really excusable through "jk bro".  Friends know when you're taking it to far/will tell you if you're taking it to far etc.
I avoided rick and morty the longest because of the fandom...
Three topics you should never bring up in civil discussion: Religion, Politics, and Money.
Just online now
I wouldn't know, I still hang out with the same people I did 7 years ago :whistles:
facebook <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
Yeah I feel that.  Southern Babtists can be that way too.
Or if not--biden will win
I'd like Warren or Bernie, but I think Trump will win.
Honestly, if I referred to a classmate or future employer by they, he or she would probably take that way worse. <Red state.
It's pretty easy to find direct downloads from mega I've found
>when you liked fate's h-scenes
Hey now, only like... half of it... ok 2/3... is bad
but yeah mal needs to fix it
apparently the creator said something pro hong kong and then china bots happened, at least that's what I read on reddit
https://myanimelist.net/anime/37379/Chihayafuru_3/stats
apparently chiyafuru s3 should have been there but it got score 1 bombed by bots
FMAB is a show that I can acknowledge is really good, but I personally didn't enjoy it as much as a lot of other shows.  Hunter x Hunter on the other hand...
I got on the franxx bandwagon immediately because mechas piloted in doggy position was an instant hells yeah for a man of culture such as myself.  Then the second cour happened.
Hey, so I'm  watching raildex(I'm rewatching he's watching) with a friend and I haven't read the source or watched season 3 of index.  He's 100% not going to read the series.  Should I watch season 3 of index with him even though I've heard only bad about it?
I recognize Rie Takahashi
Something tells me this one isn't going to be as despair.
Some things sound wrong in japanese though, like the boondocks or king of the hill.
If there's a japanese option I usually choose that.
Megumin isn't megumin without Takaheshi Rie
Hype
||to explain the joke and therefor kill it the drug addict thing refers to the massive simplification that occurred between Old-> Middle and Middle -> "modern" english||
English is like a drug addict who has fried their brain and stole a bunch of shit.
Even though unnecessary cgi can look quite bad, I imagine that's what went through their heads.
First season: popular and made money, second season: gotta add more visual effects
I can't stand the art
particularly 0079
I want to watch gundam, but at the same time, that's a lot of shit to wade through.
moedising
It's funny because I'm pretty sure love live is sunshine's most profitable franchise, not gundam, ironically.
Δ
I've watched the first 10 or so eps of cardcaptor.  I didn't really care for it though.
because I'm finishing symphogear <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
thanks.  I'm just trying to populate my ptw list.  I'm feeling a magical girl binge coming in the near future
Things I consider well known: madoka, nanoha, prisma illya, sailor moon, cardcaptor, precure,
What are some lesser known magical girl anime that I should watch
That's the thing though, yuno was like 75% of the trashy entertainment.  Then again I can't remember everything 100% since I watched it in around 2013 or so.
I'd probably have it at a 2 if it didn't have her tbh.
The only thing memorable about that show is Yuno.
but you get worshipped by them so it's 100% worth.
and also the protag if they're unfaithful.
Not as extreme as Yuno, but ticks the boxes I think.
Himiko is a pretty bog standard yandere.
Anime needs more yanderes
Not really a spoiler I don't think since it's memed so much: ||I love Emilia||
Don't spoil it too much
I remember her being a smartass, but as far as actually doing anything, I'm drawing a blank.
I genuinly remember nothing that Ram did.
All the more reason to watch them now <:ShiraBean:661294258795446326>
It would be a lousy entry anime.
It's funnier the more anime you have watched before.
I watch it as a I just want to be comfy and happy sort of anime.  Definitely not bingeable so I would suggest 1-3 eps per day or so.
In any case, lucky star is a treat and I highly recommend it.
Parts of the audio on lucky star would oscillate between ears for me.  Like for a bit one voice would be louder in one ear than the other and the next it would flip.
so I'd suggest the usual suspects.
I agree, and the audio was screwy for me on lucky star.
Funimation legally.
I've only ever watched one dubbed anime.  Cowboy beebop
also yeah, re:zero too.  Subaru was an annoying pos but I grew to pity him a bit.
Game of thrones ||Like Theon/Reek||
I like it when they make them annoying and then torture them to death.
Either Hunter x Hunter or Hibike! Euphonium.
g'night
Female characters and younger characters are almost always horribly dubbed, IMO.
Oh and space dandy.  I did it like 50/50
anime touma is 🤔 🔫 tier
I liked her a lot more after (index s2 spoilers) ||the arc where she fights the other teleporter and gets put into a wheelchair by the end||
bookworm finished?  Great, time to start watching
He's basically an academy city version of Emiya Shirou from fate, though a bit less stupid.
You at least get novelty value from importing
Aniplex is the absolute worst
I'd say /a/ is pretty tame honestly.  There's some good discussion on there mixed in with the shitposts.
/c/ is waifu posting
also if you go to 4chan stick to /vg/, /c/, /a/, and /jp/ or any special interest board.  They're pretty tame.
piggybacking this late, but I'm pretty sure d is literally just degenerates.
Honestly if I think a show is really bad I drop it pretty early so I don't really have a worst anime list.
just anime girls
C is nice and slow and no one ever talks
/pol/'s probably the worst board on 4chan, and other goers of 4chan are aware enough of this to complain about it when it bleeds into other boards... *usually*
oh and the porn boards. those are all good.
Didn't index put all of one major arc into an episode and a half
Only one of the death scenes so far has made me uncomfortable though.
I still need to finish it but I got kind of fed up with really long still frames with nothing moving but the lips.
or something like that
Like they tried to put so much of the VN into the first season that they missed a lot of details
It's also drawn some criticism that they tried to shove *a lot* into the first season.
Could be a season 1 remake
I have the stupidest grin on my face while watching shield girl
Of the four so far I'm at 1 drop, 1 meh, 1 has potential, and shield girl
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
I crave more imoutos
I continually discover new parts of the back of my eye cavity every time I read "and was reincarnated in another world" in a description.  Some are entertaining or even good though, there's just so much garbage around it
oooo man that sounds like some cockroach fuel
afterglow
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
*realizes no one knows who my profile pic is*
WELL, time to bang the
WATCH HUNTER X HUNTER
gong again
People, wrongly, claim the first arc of hunter x hunter is slow.
Like, if a shows animation is abhorrent on the first episode, spoiler, it probably won't get better.
The one ep rule is reserved for shows that are *particularly* shit.
The three ep rule is fine to go by if you just acknowledge that some shows start slow.  Hell I prefer shows that start slow.
Because flat is justice <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Just go with the flow
Drop was pet, meh was magia record, potential was asteroid, and shield girl was charming.
~~Usagi Drop has a good father~~
Ging just has gon, and fucks off saying hey if you want to meet me become a hunter and find me.
I'd say Ging is a bit different.  He's a shit dad but... it works?  It's hard to explain.
Winner of the worst dad award yes
Hisoka's... an interesting character.
well, my old one
Lots of still sequences
Their manpower is stretched between the show and the movie so the animation has suffered a bit imo.
4th... Well, I'll tell you when it's done
I think the first 3 seasons are really good.  There are a plethora of suberbly animated fight scenes and some good character building
He's also missing 16 or so years of experience using his quirk.
m'sissy
>translating onee-sama as "sissy" 😡
I would certainly shit on parts of it, but I'd say it's gotten to the point that there's more good than bad.
I see
as in he's on the hate train or hates the hate train
even if it is kind of absurd
but it's still fun to watch
Like, I described the plot of alicization to a friend like this ||Imagine dwarf fortress, except there's a really smart dwarf, and japan and the united states are in a conflict to get this really smart dwarf, and to do that they're logging their members into the other dwarves to ensure that they get the really smart dwarf, also a few of the other dwarves are getting there||
Well, that's the most I expect from SAO
IMO it's probably the best of SAO.
I liked GGO and ordinal the most.
(as an anime-only)
so I'll stick it through, but I don't care for alicization after season 1
I'm really up and down on how I think of SAO.
I hope after alice we get more ggo
Yeah, SAO progressive
Good ole sturgeon's law
oh, boring.
I bet payne had the real 200iq move of full speccing agility
Try it and find out
That's me putting off the last 13 episodes of FMA:B
It's quite pleasant.
Alright Crunchyroll subs...
fuck index just give me more railgun <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
https://i.imgur.com/8ALRg4X.jpg
Tanks are bad in wow because the good tanks are in guilds.
but you can get by being a bad healer if the rest of the group is good
tbh I saw way more bad healers
>index finishing
I guess it has a bit more of a character focus than most.
Yeah I don't consider BNHA a typical battle shounen, but it doesn't really offer enough different stuff to appeal to someone that hates battle shounens.
Good friends
If you don't like the ~~weirder~~ better parts of anime you might not like it though.
After finishing second season I've decided to read it first though.
Monogatari is 💯
In the English release of the lns kizu is first, bizarrely
It's mostly backstory
Kizu can be watched anytime after bake iirc
this way the transformation signals that the fight is about to happen.
Yes but it would make vastly more sense to put the dialogue before the transformation and then the transformation before the fight.
It wasn't so much the transformations but what happened after.
But yeah I just threw magia record on the ever growing pile of gacha adaptations that I've dropped.
hmmm, well in my defense I haven't seen a ton of magical girl shows.  Symphogear, madoka, and prillya being what I've seen, but even still, I found the show at best mediocre.
As a comparison in Madoka we get to know everyone important in the first episode, and then when Mami becomes M/ami in episode 3, I at least have some emotional investment in her character.
then in ep2 they kind of just dumped a ton of supporting characters on us and expected me to care from the get go, which just doesn't happen with me.
I thought it had some directional problems, most notably, ||so, imo magical girl transformations are supposed to be hypy lead-ins to upcoming fights, but instead they sequentially executed their transformation sequences which were really pretty and flashy, and then... nothing for a while.  Eventually they got into the fight but the fight wasn't anything special||
I was on the fence about magia record but dropped after ep 3.
I've always assumed that magical girl transformations don't actually take the time they do in the sequences and are rather much quicker.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3d_k_21QPg
Well then.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG3sfZKtCQI
https://youtu.be/fuMRM9-iuJA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRnfDYyK1E0
