that is the roundest apple I ever did see
punch time
dayum
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
she's sparkly
:heartattack:
all of this hibiki is amazing
I want more winter spas
SPASMAS
so smug
well she's still waifu
I don't know what the alternative outfit is supposed to be from, and I don't know the artist, but someone sent me a lovely alternative SPAS earlier
<:ShamikoDerp:1050116908533432362>
https://twitter.com/tiribrush/status/1605307884950065153
https://twitter.com/Tsukumo_SOS/status/1604107310573314048?s=20&t=g2T8KPr21XXcRFh2r2TtEQ
kyon finally wears the reindeer outfit
Hibiki love
the f l u f f
hug the hibiki
moar hibikipunch
is THAT why I'm so slow this morning? because Bikki is using the communal brain cell?
HIBIKI!!
(also pipe tobacco isn't processed to shit like cigarettes are)
with the caveat that I will enjoy a cigar if someone buys a good one for me (think, special occasion so someone is handing them out)
and I do have a pipe and tobacco but I smoke them like, once a year
yep that's basically me
like it looks cool but it smells like crap and you just know she tastes like an ashtray if you happened to be in a relationship
pretty much
because I don't like cigarettes irl
I don't know why I like smoking anime style art so much
oh of course the preview cuts off
https://i.redd.it/qx88d47jptaa1.jpg
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/104288653
POWER
also chris <a:HibikiBean:689194152864645128>
20/20 would get blasted by the suit jets again
THERE IS TWO OF THEM
10/10 would let punch me again
bikkimochi
https://twitter.com/myuga66666/status/1611733612642304000?s=20
THE DETERMINATION
mechanic girls ❤️

Thanks
Ok I'll embed it myself
https://twitter.com/nuko609/status/1615354495088873473?s=20&t=0oR6Z_QmNncj2yQDujutLg
still best
pat the elfnein
but hibimicha is great
I like them all
I like all of the designs but yeah the S1 ones were good shit
also that tsubasa is great
you said this and I heard a shamisen in my head
all three of them
thigh squish is good so I appreciate the effort
(source https://twitter.com/Tsuda_Takashi/status/1530171970318389249)
look at this snail
exasperated erika is a treat
always a nice pic
good thing it was just FNC and not SPAS
I remember that one
🙏
https://twitter.com/rifnets/status/1620395458790330369?s=20
fun
uh, thanks
I call bullshit on this, I imagine it's more likely firefox is blocking some sort of tracking or something that mega wants to do
I didn't know there was a collection
Headpats
more like super cute shem-ha

https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/105059829
It's amazing and I am following this person
Heck yes
But well, that puni plush style is kind of my favorite so, not surprising
It's cute
I love how we have art less than 9 hours after it happened
Okayu, a hololive vtuber
you know, those three *would* get along, wouldn't they
oh god the exposition chair
<:HibikiScreech:633468460030230548>
what horrors lie within
but if hibiki made it
I know it's a chocolate heart
my joke fell flat
soy sauce?
what's in the chocolate
nice style
I guess it would probably work fine
yeah, I recognized the shape
even for a bass
that is a huge plectrum
❤️
<:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
Tsukasa still best sister though
there's a lot of very nice (and often lewd) kagamin in there. Nice.
PFFT
NOT THE AHOGE
also upon clicking on this tweet I notice that this person must really like Kagami
oh dear what did she see
(that was in the anime, not sure about the manga)
like when K-ON showed off a set of Iron Cobra pedals like the ones I own
I guess I'm just not sure why that's a surprise. Nice detail though, means the artist knows at least a little bit about the subject matter.
or model name
I figured it was a brand name
but that's not the blade
there's some sort of pixely symbol on the front mounting plate just above this logo
all I've got is Coronation Ace but it's hard to tell if anything else is supposed to be intentional with the JPG compression artifacting
specifically the blade or the mounting plate too?
oh nice
well she's cute but I feel like I want to do first aid
also a bit of a mess
also jesus her legs are tiny
gargantuan filesizes are fine for frilly dresses
I don't look in this channel enough
but it could be she's just tiny overall
also idk if 220mm is small or not for boots since I'm murican and measure my shoes as "9 and a half"
I guess I'd need to see her in reference to something with a known size (butterflies don't count) to really know if that's small or not
would like to go again but it's a bit weird going skating alone plus I'm not even sure if we have free skate here
I went once when I was like, 8
I know nothing about skating
ah is that the 220
cute
ah I see
though I prefer shorter hair
it's still adorable
I don't know what that is either tbh
<@263983345669505025> the pixiv post you linked to in the Micha pic you put on reddit a couple of hours ago is freakin great
oh MY
oh my
this year I apparently get a thousand back
I'm slightly afraid now
usually I end up paying in like twenty bucks
just gonna say that while there are certain things that suck about adulting, being free to control your own shit is *great*
>he says as he just finshed doing his taxes <:HibikiDespair:688429715450757206>
I thought he just made videos about music software
wait, tantacrul?
seems like just the sort of thing AF hotshots would design tbh
on another note, doubt it's real because it wasn't sourced where I got it from, but lol if they made something like this for the pilots
I expect it was a "spy" balloon, I just can't think of any legitimate reasons you'd want one of those over the multitude of other, less fucking-with-diplomacy ways you can spy on things. I guess what Mel said sort of makes sense (VHF for example is highly directional and range limited, so a balloon at 60,000 would be a lot better placed to pick it up than a satellite....but even that makes little sense to me from a strategic perspective - basically all US military comms are on encrypted channels and often not VHF, at least in aviation)
not sure they were doing that here though, I haven't seen any good close-up pictures but it looked like just your standard high-volume helium lifting balloon, like what you'd get on a weather sounding balloon but much bigger
compressing the lift gas, OK, I could see that
also the vast majority of the upper level winds in the US are westerly. You don't get much choice on that unless you fly down near ground level, where local winds may be in other directions. That's not to say you *can't* influence your direction, but it's not like you can just pull a handbrake turn and say "I want to go west now"
if people have found a way in the last X number of years to be able to control buoyancy in a lightweight and sustainable way so as to reliably control the direction a balloon flies, I'd love to know about it
the problem with the buoyancy controls I'm familiar with is, you're limited in what you can do. To ascend you dump ballast. To descend you dump lifting gas. But once you've done both, you can't go back to the same altitude you were before dumping the gas if you've already dumped all your ballast...
but maybe my knowledge is stuck in the 30's?
this is one of those situations where I'd love to argue my point (considering aviation is one of my interests) but I won't, because I realize I don't have facts to back it up, since I'm not an expert on modern lighter-than-air systems
Any nuclear power is not a suitable target for conventional warfare. All sides understand this. The problem is the risk of escalation.

Someone insane like trump was a potential issue, but anyone with half a brain cell knows that it's not worth the risk.
The fact that you assume we want to go to war with China is...concerning. but, noted. Thanks.
Every NWS office in the US sends up two sounding balloons every day, they're much smaller than this one
I doubt it's a weather balloon, but correct, you don't maneuver balloons
It's an article straight from the air force so, take it as you will, but this has pretty much every detail a layperson could want
https://www.af.mil/News/Article-Display/Article/3288579/f-22-safely-shoots-down-chinese-spy-balloon-off-south-carolina-coast/
I just hope my confidence in the intelligence and humanity of the people in charge, holds out. If I'm wrong we're all dead....sooo, might as well be optimistic about it?
and like I said yesterday, I doubt anyone in charge with half a brain is going to risk "a beef" between two nuclear powers, unless it's just more economic sanctions and other non-military things.

one can believe the US wants to start a war as much as they want, and I'll disagree - because I think the top brass has some smart folks who understand that you basically can't have a conventional war between two nuclear powers in this day and age. too much risk for escalation due to the usual things that happen in a war. It's super complex.

sure, there are loud idiots in positions of power who are warmongering, but there always have been. And there's a whole bureaucracy in place before the boots hit the ground. it's why as scary as trump was, I wasn't afraid he'd just decide to press the "nuke" button after someone laughed at his toupee.
the insurance/provider pairing is disgusting really. The prices are as high as they are, *because* insurance companies are always trying to pay as little as they can (it's their business model), so the providers raise prices to the point where they're making a profit *after* insurance pays out, which starts the whole process over again until it finally hits an equilibrium point during negotiations between the two sides, with the real loser of course being us plebes on the ground
https://listen.sdpb.org/politics/2023-02-13/noem-signs-bill-prohibiting-certain-care-for-transgender-youth
ugh I hate my state government
true, and if there's anything I've learned about american politics, it's that who cares about your constituents if you can stick it to the other guy in the process
I don't know the details so I know nothing about what you're saying (except there was a derailment). With that sort of thing I always wait for the NTSB report to come out. Preliminary report won't be released for a couple of weeks and it will be months before the final one.
that's kind of odd tbh, usually the governors would be quick to do so because they want that federal money
cool (not really)
no, I haven't either. But I also don't go there very often so maybe I just don't see it.
I hesitate to call them ai, but yeah this is exactly what that historian/teacher/blogger I linked last week is talking about. The writing is overall obvious trash because it's just word association basically, but it's still trash that an editor (or teacher grading papers) has to sift through and waste time on.
this is literally the first time I've heard this theory
friggin libertarians I swear
are you?
or are you a figment of my imagination
but it sounded a lot like the sort of stuff people say because "I heard it from someone who heard it from someone" when myself all I'd ever heard was he wanted a swashbuckling adventure story with dogfights like he saw in WW2 fighter footage
OK if it's from the mouth of the man himself, I'll accept it
And yes the anime was good. Not amazing. But good.
It was a very good game that could have used some more time in the oven but that didn't stop me from doing two hundred hour plus playthrus
It didn't flop <:CarolPout:617039564313198602>
I missed monogatari talk :(
I have no idea
akira - classic
champloo - I started it ages ago and never did get around to finishing it
madoka - need to rewatch
thanks
lain - great
eva - mediocre
GitS - classic
bebop - also classic
the rest I have not watched
I'm not limited by genre for the most part
really it's just if you thought "oh my god this was amazing", hit me with the name, I'll look it up and make my own decision. screenshots/character designs also help me decide
"old" in this case being I guess pre-2000?
I need to check mangadex, I probably need to catch up with that series. I'm sure there have been a few chapters
<:MikuWhoa:670502684692054042>
well I'll stick it on my list, I'm sure I'll have to wait a bit before it's available in a quality I want to watch
and he just surrounds himself with women I see
hmm
oh, anilist was showing me the japanese title, that's why I was confused
and it's called what?
I see a bunch of potentially interesting looking characters, but I don't know anything about it
but otherwise enjoyable
sort of lost its way a bit the last few episodes
well, I thought Planetes was pretty decent
oh yeah, I don't listen to them much but they good shit
