In my defense: <https://i.imgur.com/Nwst79V.png>
This is the geah discord, I HIGHLY doubt there's a limit!
Big brain play would have been to switch to this shot <https://i.imgur.com/MFFFYaI.png> of Kirika before joining...
Thank you thank you
I have a reputation to uphold with my friends on r/anime
You're absolutely fucking right
Yep, I'm definitely home.
Greeting by a Kirika bot...
it's a _vendor_
Worse
It still hasn't settled in
I've been processing Kirika's thighs since I laid eyes on them tbh
(at least) four more to go
Hey Voyeur, was I right? Did you lose your mind at Kirika's too?
If we're talking GX tracks, tomorrow is a cut above all else. Shame it never had a use in the show with the vocal track on.


An earlier post here gave me an idea, please do as you wish with it

I just screamed my lungs out an episode of anime
This was hinted at all the way back in GX. If you listen _really carefully_, she sings "Genocide" TWICE. Reincarnation confirmed always planned.
Sasuga CR
I think trying to do gunkata with that would just be going full circle back to regular martial arts.
The only thing that could contend with a woman who can pull a gun from anywhere is a woman who is a gun from anywhere.
A KNIFE
Chris show us what you have
You guys. Guys. Guys. Finger bang.
https://twitter.com/zoid9000/status/1144428712865259520

This is clearly why Miku always uses Hibiki's name. Avoiding pronouns.
Anyone can be gay for Hibiki
Hibiki's gender is Hibiki
heartshaped pupils or bust
They are just about the same color, the highlight is the main difference


On the subject of eye color
They're probably saving it.
Has Genjubro datto'd yet
I feel like I'm forgetting one actually
tfw when our only datto is Carol so far
Ok.
Aren't we all
If she can fling quarters she can learn to run
Maybe it was a season 1 reference
fixitinthebluray
As long as we ignore that running animation
But that's not really a Symphogear payoff want
I would have loved for one of them to just say, "I'm not junk"
And Leiur's imouto if we're counting.
Fuck Tiki.
You know what's nice about them coming back? The one that didn't come back.
Garie best score that's all I needed
_summons harp from ass end of nowhere_

Behold the face that says "u dun goofed."
Not on purpose of course. Oops.
I assume that she _was_ an empty shell and it was the copy of her memories installed into Elfnein herself that sort of "Fixed" Carol when they were united. But something kept them from manifesting in spite of all that Elfnein tried to do. Then along comes a mindflaying vampire to flip a certain internal switch...
RIP Izak
Wow too soon
Real talk I am really pleased with how they addressed it. Firstly, with brevity, which is almost as good as not addressing it at all. Secondly, with an element of realism that actually gave me pause. Years of separation doesn't get resolved in a day? Wow!
Stand Germain was definitely an omen of sorts for the kind of stuff they were willing to pull for this season.
^ AKA "Pipe Dream"
Reminder that Amalgam is now a thing. If you can make one by imbuing a Geah with some Faust Robe components... Who's to say I can't do the reverse?
It's okay I'm not mad just disappointed.
We appear to be missing someone eh
I can't believe I'm saying it, but as this point, I think maybe he should. As long as it isn't as anyone's Stand
u avin a fkn ggl m8
Say it three times and Ver will appear in the mirror
Gotta be careful throwing that word around
Caffneine
She's drank more coffee than Tomosato has delivered in five seasons
She's never without a cup
Yeah that's a dangerous amount of coffee
Accelerator is that you
It's Carol's body either way
Well let's get tone thing straight
I'd like to think given enough time Elf9 could construct a gear. Given how much experience she's had maintaining and modifying them, she's now probably technically the foremost expert on Sakurai Theory alive today.
I'm just saying that at the time of G, many of us probably thought that her stealing the second Gungnir was basically "Phonic Gain bitch I ain't gotta explain shit" BUT it could actually be because of the curse being purged from her, and thus Miku would be the same way
Right, I'm not really going after that fact either way
Wearing someone else's gear
She's pure
Who needs a new gear to be made?
Because Miku.
> so she can gearjack anyone
AND HERE'S WHERE I'M GOING OKAY
Her ability to gearjack Maria was one part having the song in her heart and one part being free of the curse
So here's what I am suggesting: without the fusion, Hibiki would have not had the "gift." Or be a LiNKER user at best.
Yes, but that's what I think Maria was getting at
Taking the current subject and the one about Miku back together for a second: consider Maria's shock when Hibiki gearjacked her. Was it a mistranslation to say, "Fusions aren't supposed to be compatible with other relics" or is that accurate to what she said?
Why lay groundwork for stuff such as Airgetlam's actual relic name being unknown though?
It's fun to realize that a lot of stuff from G that felt like throwaway nonsense is actually the foundation of the ending.
I think Nastassja uncovering its name was there as far back as G
They forgot to mention that Ichaival is a made up word
S1 keywords did indeed spell it out as the first second and third
Well she probably didn't plan on just jamming the relic into her gut
*punched
On the one hand, he had a patent-pending "Shockholm Syndrome" device installed in her dining room. On the other hand, she saved Shirabe
She was okayish
Fudou isn't even smart
Wait, did she have it before Finè?
There's also the name of Bikkie's fucking teacher
Not the only thing
Not anymore now she plays piano so she can get fisted
Maybe it listened
She did ask it to go where she wanted
Man, that girl's got a really good arm
I don't think we can open that anymore
And some over there
And there
Over there
It means my dream of Miku wearing a Durandal gear is pretty much shot but it could work.
Imagine going full circle
Pendant Shmendant. Crack open a fresh armed gear and stab her with the pieces. Worked for Bikkie
Lewd: ||https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/587884597883437066/610319466022305852/15655818892177685371026097990146.jpg|| see they're practicing a dual sequence but still got some... Kinks... To work out.
We need a two in one henshin
This is the last season
Naw
Is there enough room in one episode for DMJii and Carol hype simultaneously
Can't decide if it'll be next week or the week after. We have averaged out to like 2 songs per episode so far
You thought this was a green episode but syke it was pink all along
Episode 2 was kinda cool though just because it broke off from Kirika's song and threw out Shirabe's all of a sudden.
Yeah but so far they haven't just randomly changed a song into a duet mid track
Or both their voices come out the same mouth like some crazy demonic possession and the ending theme of ep7 was a fakeout and it's actually a duet
Whether you're right or wrong, it's not like they thought their fiction was real.
Sure but it just came out of nowhere. Like no one is disputing that Symphogear is fiction. What you did is like arguing that the White God is the only real source of magic to a bunch of people reading Harry Potter.
You can imagine us all agreeing there
Alrighty
No
Complete relic
But Bikkie's interference caused relations between Finè and the Americans to crumble.
Also I am not often in Geah discussions so I am not up to date with lingo but since 119 became a nickname at some point I just wanna thank the person responsible.
It's 99% likely to be Carol yes but it's the same body 119 has had for over a season.
"I'm the murderer of miracles! _Tips fedora_"
And it's quite good
Thanks to a certain Faust robe we get to see her in a hat
TFW you'll never be psychically scolded by your identical oneesan
I loved her trying to decide which outfit she'd wear when she fled the chateau
From GX onward Geah is the story of a blonde who just can't remain standing
Hibiki will make a better dad than Akira
Akira might actually be more redeemable but Ver was more memeable.
Except Akira Tachibana
<@176830925949108224> I love it bless you
TSURUGI DA
Tate?
<@216181207874928640> the intro that seems to be like an "Aufwachen form" that plays in the show feels right out of Synchrogazer tbh
Being on mobile appreciates you
Thanks
Got an all in one?
Right
Right guys
Once per season is fine cause we're obviously getting more Geah after this
Meh, Noble Red isn't strong anyway
*Condition
Them parachute pants yo
The henshin has SSJ's Aufwachen and the design
Shem-haneko
The only ones Miku can fully give herself to
<@506219877724454929>
Hibiki will sing her other character song, we will all cry, plot contrivances will occur, Miku will come back
She's had it coming
I can't fucking even with this guy
That he might have been, but it's only because Bikkie was not nearly as upset as I expected her to be.
That moment of weakness after doing everything she could to save Carol, only to find that she might lose them both... that humanized Hibiki to me.
It's times like this I look back to the end of GX, where even with Miku present, Bikkie could hardly contain her sorrow at the impending loss of Elfnein
Jam is miffed
Instead we'll just break Sword a hundred times and then have Bikkie be the one to actually fix everything and remain only 1% worried the entire time she does so.
I dunno, seems like with Miku not there to support her, THAT is the time to have her break.
A piece of toast would not have felt out of place in that last scene of her all, "Okie dokie I'm heading to base weee!"
That doesn't explain her golly-gee-ass run off to work then
She was like "Aww man, Miku's like not my friend anymore and also possessed by god, and I'm stuck here eating ramen, that sure is the pits."
It took so long for someone to sing this episode. There was no singing in the Maria x Basa rematch
About warm underpants and action movies
That's the sound of getting dumped by god
And then she was okay
The noose that hung Judas leggo
I want the tie to be a relic
If you can't recruit orphans, _make_ orphans and recruit them.
It's a staple of evil organizations using children - always orphans
Some crazy white haired dude was scouting orphanages
Shirabe, car accident. Kirika, keep it mysterious
Bikkie gave Miku a righteous shot to the gut during Rainbow Flower and that was almost as gay as the song itself
That's why ViVid Strike is actually good.
Yo the purest essence of Yuri is girls beating the daylights out of each other.
This is not the SSJ laser I wanted
They have a lot still to do, if they plan on debuting individual Amalgam fights including Twin Heart, get to the moon, explain the Enki prologue, save Miku, kill some more SONG agents, and win the day
Well, that and the fists
Blinged out yoyo
Has sword had the most Geah v Geah 1v1s? Does escaping Miku's bass cannon count as a fight?
Well that wouldn't require much
That's what actually bugs me I think
But the way I figure it, NR SHOULD be d-e-d, but won't.
So Fine also probably could have been chopped to bits in the show proper ngl
I almost forgot what it was like to be on the negative nancy side of a fandom. Criticizing Geah in a Geah thread is a karma deathwish
I'll grant Carol and her alchemic cyanide
How many of those people were vivisected
It's all over the floor
They probably don't have anymore blood now
I mean
Well, the Frontier was a thing if you're thinking of that
"Fuck your golden flower bullshit I have parachute pants."
The device that controls the Curse of Balal? A natural satellite of the planet Earth?
That too is a complaint from me, since this episode seems like it was supposed to be a turning point yet just sunk her further
Damned if you kill the cute monstars, damned if you don't, in other words.
Someone on r/anime described that as "bloodlust" and I kind of agree. I felt like Noble Red was irredeemable because of the concert hall tragedy redux, yet I find their unceremonious demise un-Geah-like if it's supposed to satisfy the fans or something. The reality is that the 70k massacre was a writing trap that probably shouldn't have put themselves in.
But... 4 episodes to go
I found it to be a poor way to write them out or even set them up for something later
_That's_ the core of the trope - any organized religion where a member can exercise power and attempt to attain more.
Well... we say religion but yeah we leave out any religion that avoids having singular figureheads.
I'm trying to think of a story where religion was okay. Problem is the only ones I can think of are ones where one organized religion turns out to be okay only in the face of another.
Yes, which contributes to it being a trope, rather than undermining it
Tropes don't have to be false, just common.
How does that make it not a trope?
Wow why you gotta hate on Biwamaru like that
Yes, it did, but she could have turned out like Elfnein regardless of that.
^
I think that's taking some leaps
Batshit is the word for that
Hanging out with all the kids not allowed to have fun at Hotel Kazanari
And then fucking killed herself to give them the the proverbial finger
Carol's still one of my favorite villains. Someone filled with such zealotry she continued to spite her enemies even after burning up the memories of why she was even fighting.
punctuated by her calling Izak _their_ father
You mean making her retroactively tsundere
You have to love them equally they're totes the same person
Government = "I'm doing what's necessary for the people" Private Org = "We have to survive in a cold and cutthroat world"
Yeah, replace religion with government or private company and it's the same difference. They all appeal to a different authority.
Spoilers
Spoilers
And her V-face
He wanted one of them to off him
Fudou was more: _oh yes_
Meh
I see a possibility here
Vanessa is made of Faust robes
Hey they powered a ship using SSJ fragments
That is definitely the word of the week!
No her name is Shem-ha
> I wasn't thinking that
Yeah but I WAS
Those are lewd thoughts
<@289013001632350208> Master Shifu paralyzing fighters in Kung Fu Panda
Late to the SG talk. But I thought she was pretty fucking lame until she came back as Stand Germain. Actually it was the live concert that made me like her first and then I lost my lid when the duet made it into the show
But yes I do recall Tsubasa enjoying a little cross-stage sprinting as well
Nana seems way happier
Signum and Tsubasa have some parallels themselves.
Ver and that dude from StrikerS
Prescia and Nastassja
I like to imagine that the ||purgatory-like realm she fell into actually does keep you alive forever, so that she can spend eternity in a numb void with nothing to keep her company except the literal self-constructed monument to all her failures||
Prescia Testarossa is my favorite character to hate
Ichaival to "Made up shit"
And Chris' name to "Shortstack"
... I mean so did I
I think he had a religious experience a couple weekends ago
Damn I suckered my best friend into it and now he's all "GENOCIDE" this and "GENOCIDE" that
For reaction faces I've still been riding high on Fujitaka having a heart attack after the Chateau de Tifonecall
Definitely a solid runner up
Crowning moment of the episode was a three way tie between Twin Heart, Tsubasa going full madlass at the end, and Elsa _wincing_
That dog doesn't have nearly enough things crammed in its tush for that to be an accurate descriptor
Hey folks does anyone have a version of the XV logo on a plain black background?I thought I did, turns out I have a bad memory.
