Chris eating spaghetti though
I never did look much at the storyline of XDU. no clue what is even going on there. but I do like the new OP song
well I mean if you have a few seeders you could delete the data
not..really too complicated
but yeah I was advocating torrents earlier as well
can download the whole thing in one go
honestly I never use mega other than getting the folder Kerrik set up
it depends on how busy the servers are. it is a dynamic thing
I hit the download limit for mega too. guess I will continue downloading the rest tomorrow
ah yeah in that case it is better to keep the archives. eh well. either way people have to redownload the whole thing with mega right now anyway so it is pretty much the same
oh I see a manga torrent with at least 60k files over 30k folders. I guess it should be fine
you could possibly get rid of the archives entirely and just have  a normal folder structure. easier to update future torrents since people already have parts of it downloaded. though I dunno if torrent clients would like 50k small files heh
and I have uploaded a good 6 TB of various symphogear torrents so I am good for it heh
yeah since you hit the limit it might be an option
<@!263983345669505025>  instead of using mega you could possibly create a torrent no? I'd seed a torrent for a good part of the day if you made one. alternative in case mega does take the whole thing down

oh right. the watch year stat on anilist is useless for me because I use MAL as primary
also kinda annoying in that I will watch 20-30 shows a season
it is very hard for me to dislike shows which is nice
bofuri was fun
Kaguya. Fruits Basket
second season of Re:Zero would be my favourite of the year
still catching up with some of the older shows
majority of the shows I watched are from the last 2-3 years or so

plus shark teeth girls are a thing I like
it has one of the more amusing recap episodes as well
I do have some issues with Re:Creators but the music isnt one of them
Sawano did the music
Re:Creators was fun enough
sadly
well. 2020 is not over yeah >_>
ehm
fun show. hopefully season 2 happens this year
Lerche is doing an idol anime next season. I dont know anything about it but well. why not
I still need to find time to watch all of love live
most everything is ending next week
unironically fruit tart is one of my favourites this season
fruit tart I assume is one of them
broad tastes?
I liked this season. though I dont think I will rate anything a 9 or 10
I am easily amused so I tend to watch a lot
who has the time
I dont know how one of my friends watches 40 shows a season
any anime that is currently airing
got worse from there
I started watching seasonals in fall 2018. started with 6
next season looks to be worse
I was at 23ish shows this season
I am supposed to be watching Escaflowne and Hyouka but I am not making much progress. halfway through both now
I never manage to get to watching non-seasonal shows
was wondering about what other shows to recommend
hm well. I assume you watched Re:Zero Madoka?
you really need headphones to watch that scene to appreciate it
scared the hell out of me
most recently Re:Zero with the ASMR scene
I appreciate good sound design in shows
I am not counting things like Samurai PIzza Cats or Alfred J Kwak which I saw in my youth
before that it was random shows and movies. not a whole lot though
I mean I started watching anime in 2018 for the most part
still a 10 out of 10
I only watched Madoka earlier this year. was spoiled on one or two specific things
though Madoka was an exception because new fancy animation and whatnot
I prefer not watching recap movies really
I usually check out MAL or whatever before new seasons
also Non Non Biyori season 3 hype
I dont think he was ever jailed?
I am curious which show will surprise me next season
a miracle if anything
despite tax evasion of the author it is getting a new season
yup
am 34
I am not used to being in a chat with people born in the 90s/00s
I am never going to watch One Piece. just because of the length
I will watch anything and everything? except things obviously aimed at kids
I played a good few games in the past. I have..way more of them now but no time to play them
sounds boring
it does but I prefer MAL layout
I still have a bunch of OVAs/movies to watch from the last season or 2
I sorta wish MAL would let me rate things at a 20 point scale but oh well
I mean I cant say I would rate any show I watched a 9 or 10. but definitely some nice 7s and 8s in there
yup it is a solid show
I like comfy shows a lot
we should meet in the middle really
I have the problem that I am not picky at all
I watched 23-25 shows and I cant say I especially disliked any of them
I feel bad for anyone who has to moderate any discussion for the Quints anime
couple in their 40s/50s/60s
tbh I am used to being in chats with a lot of people who are in their 30s
Hayu is adorable
I like that show a lot. degenerate yuri idols is a good thing
https://myanimelist.net/anime/39609/Ochikobore_Fruit_Tart
dunno. my friends like it
She-Ra had 5 seasons in 2 years
I wouldnt mind if MAL/anilist would let me do overall series ratings and let me rate individual seasons as well
that is the one show I didnt end up watching. had enough sherlock related media for a while
million lives getting a second season. though it is more a split cour type thing
16 episodes at current pace isnt enough to adapt the whole thing
oh yeah I figure it has to be a split cour
should be easy enough
I still have half a season of Yuru Camp to watch. the 3 specials. Heya Camp and its special before season 2 starts airing
still have to watch a little bit of season 1 heh
I already have 25-30 shows to watch so the more shows I dont have to add to the pile the better I suppose
I took a glance at it earlier. sounded like something I could skip this season
that show is a spinoff of something yeah?
madoka episode 10 spoiler ||using the opening song as the ED was so good. I really like it when anime does special things with openings or endings but that one remains my favourite||
but then episode 10 blows everything away. god I love it. one of my favourite episodes of anything ever
episode 9 is so good
oooh nice
ever watched Madoka before?
plus well it is Homura
do read the manga once you are done. season 2 would be nice but probably not happening
neat
should be a Madoka rewatch in 3 months or so anyway so might follow along with that
I should look that up
oh. so they include all the new stuff in the 12 episode series?
recap movies do work well for that since they hit all the main beats and have nice new transformation scenes along with some other things
I honestly started to rewatch Madoka like an hour after finishing episode 12
you'd never use it as a mousepad at least
meta spoiler/Madoka Rebellion  || /r/anime had a 24 hour best girl contest on april fools day. halfway through they changed it to worst girl contest because april fools. I thought it was hilarious Homura ended up winning that||
gotta love Homura
welcome to the wild ride that is episode 10
ahahaha
not going to miss any post-credit scenes that way either
I have 2 monitors so I can just put an episode on the second monitor to let the ED play out
yeah those are always fun as well
I always like letting them play out in shows. some songs tend to take a while to grow on me
heh well. watch the ED for episode 10
do you always watch the full opening/endings?
the ending song for episode 9 is really good
do watch Rebellion though
you can skip the 2 recap Madoka movies if you want. I mean I still watched them because it has some fancy new animations and backgrounds. and I basically felt like rewatching the show the second I was done.
well you probably figured that one out just now
oh that is very minimal. lucky
were you spoiled on anything before watching Madoka?
oh yes
||I was aware of the Homura did nothing wrong meme before I started watching Madoka. I just did not know the context. I  kinda love what she did||
||the cake song is honestly one of my favourite scenes for some reason||
I love it though I prefer the series a bit
people do have pretty strong opinions on Rebellion
recap movies and series combined seems good to me
I think I will rewatch with the torrent linked above
it is one of those anime I rated a 10 and I feel very strong about
Monogatari series. Re:Zero. A Place Further Than the Universe. Madoka. Ghost in the Shell SAC. something like that I guess in no real order
top 5 anime is hard to choose
Rebellion ||Homura did nothing wrong||
final film. think the manga ended recently as well
least it helps figure out what you do and dont like
for me it is mostly that I havent found the time to watch it. doesnt help that I am watching 31 seasonal shows
I do want to watch Love Live at least at some point
but so are a lot of those
I guess it was a bit more in that direction
Fruit Tart last season was pretty funny
yet still havent watched some of the bigger shows
I usually watch 1 or 2 idol anime per season
WEP is definitely interesting so far.
KyoAni did make her taller which was a good choice
next season has Iruru. just her being on screen will be enough to annoy twitter
I mean Non Non Biyori is also airing when it comes to wholesome
I like that full version a lot
yeah the anime will probably produce a nice soundtrack
I am a few days behind on my anime heh
or I guess the full/alt version is already out. neat
specifically the third episode has that ED. it is a duet
https://myanimelist.net/anime/40842/Idoly_Pride
I have to watch the latest episode of that one yet. I hear it went in a direction I always like to see. ||yuri without the subtext||
this season has a lot of everything really.
I saw Lerche was doing it so I decided to watch it just because of that. they are usually good for a decent watch
got a nicely animated 2D dance scene out of it at least. always fun
been watching the Lerche idol anime this season. didnt recognise Chris' VA from the 2 speaking lines she had but the second that ED kicked in I knew it was her.
Sora to Umi no Aida -- assuming you are talking about the pancakes
hm think I remember hearing Assault Lily is pretty popular in Japan at least. so season 2 is possible I suppose
I see Gigguk looked at winter anime. guess I should see which good shows he ignored this time
aha. yeah that is different
I never saw the correction of course
oh was it. that is unfortunate
yup. split cour with 11 episodes in the first
In the latest interview, Egg Firm chairman and producer Nobuhiro Osawa revealed that "Mushoku Tensei: Jobless Reincarnation" is planned to be a long-running anime adaptation of light novel works, similar to 'Sword Art Online' and 'DanMachi"
from what I read they want to adapt a lot of the story
Madoka still has to be my favourite use of an opening song though
Re:Zero does make good use of insert songs/OP/ED stuff
which we saw just a couple times
Realize last cour was a fantastic OP as well
I am sure there is one but I havent heard it
several about 30 minutes long
yup
I mean I guess the fourth episode had the ED play without visuals. guess that was something
I havent watched the last Re:Zero yet but OP or ED havent happened there either
