Kerrik suggested ||:twoseconds:||
"I may actually be a genius"?
Hibiki needs to beat some friendship into them
Farfetch'd?
Hibiki unable to fight? That's impossible, she'll go in to battle with nothing but her bare fists if necessary.
I'll be satisfied when Miku uses her pure status to wield divinity and beat stuff up
Ah
While the episode is playing in the Cytube lobby, you can click on it in the playlist and it will send you to the Google Drive location it's stored in.
SVP is amazing. No longer do I get sick when watching panning shots
I spent a while manually torrenting without Flexget, then one day decided I was tired of doing everything by hand
Personally, I think the best option is to use a VPN, and set up Flexget to automatically torrent new episodes. This gives better quality than most other options, and also allows the use of SVP for interpolated 60FPS.
Otherwise it will give you flash
They did, but that plugin forces it to be used
I like that Crunchyroll's ads can be blocked with an adblocker unlike Hulu. I dislike that with a free account you can only watch 480p, and even with a premium account you can only watch a low bitrate reencode after the first week.
Yes
1AM the next day
because anyone who cares will just DVR it anyways
Nice
AI DESU YO <:Ver:336656981144109066>
It was a great way to show the lengths to which Fine was willing to go to accomplish her objectives
Tactically, it was a brilliant move on Fine's part
It's not like that's the worst thing Fine did
Foreshadowing Genjuuro being a Custodian?
Though that's just an outsider's guess
They probably have to configure each show, but it should be automatic throughout the season, barring software bugs.
If it's on crunchy, horrible should have it
horrible automatically rips crunchyroll, I think.
If you're "obtaining" the raws, why not just get CR rips instead?
And CR should be much more consistent than Commie
Not really? I can't imagine CR being over a day late
Next Destination is my favorite ED. I'm pretty neutral on the others
And then they joined the monsters
So what's with the negative 5100 degrees? They mentioned that the attacks breaking the laws of the universe, but is that translation accurate?
Can't even english right, smh
I noticed the "principal" thing, and I'm really disappointed in CR now
Considering how much the gears can change throughout the seasons, I think those flaws could be mitigated
Hopefully we can get Mikugear with a remaining piece of SSJ, since Ver might not have used the whole thing
If Ver could make a gear, there's a good chance Elfnein will figure it out
I thought only Fine could do that
Wait a second, how did Ver know how to make a gear?
Frontier being used by the actual creator this time
She loved god and built the tower because of that, then humanity was cursed and she spent the rest of her lives trying to remove it
Wasn't the curse created because of her actions?
And chris is genre savvy enough to immediately call it out
I think someone else already mentioned the similarity to HF
Miku throwing out flags episode 1
The ice spikes reminded me of the iridescent noise
I think it was removed from the reddit sidebar
That looks different
Which mythology are those names from?
I can't wait for the CDs to release so that I can hear what these songs actually sound like
After AXZ 13, you can't tell me this isn't jojo
I was expecting the corpse to start moving right before the episode ended
Just not much
There's still *some* air where they were
Hmm, they did
There are no rules when it comes to X-Drive
Singing in space is okay, they were using X-Drive
GIFs are a bad format for video anyway
Ouch, there's a lot of color banding in that GIF
and jiiiiii
Researchers have created gas at temperatures below absolute zero, but only a few billionths of a kelvin below it.
But he also couldn't get anything done until she was gone
Adam came before Fine
Whereas normally, the lowest theoretically possible temperature is -315 degrees or something
Its attacks froze things to -5100 degrees
"pretty powerful"
Of course not, it's the pivotal line of HF
There's a line in HF that's similar to a line in this episode
One was posted here, but it's probably a good 500 messages up by now
I've heard there are two
When Frontier wasn't a ruin
He was in Frontier
Only Netflix does that
All that means is they can't TL the songs, they don't have to strip them off
Sometimes CR doesn't even get rights to the OP and ED, so it's great that they could TL the songs
principals of alchemy
Between Maria and Bikki, you'd think that eventually the enemies will stop tossing them huge amounts of energy.
Adam made the same mistake, but at least it took Hibiki doing something really stupid to actually use the energy
She planned it very well, but by the time she executed it, she had gone a bit crazy
Carol was running very low on time
The Illuminati also don't need to burn memories
With the same lack of animation
Wasn't the lydian theme also in AXZ episode 1?
They seem to know how powerful the Geahs are compared to them. I bet they'll try to avoid conflict whenever possible
Atmospheric entry is 100km above the surface, and the moon is 384,400km away
They haven't been outside the atmosphere without X-Drive, right?
I suppose maybe it's easier to sing in a vacuum than in water
They didn't have X-Drive in the shuttle scene
Not at the beginning of GX though
When I get around to upgrading, that's my plan. I built my desktop just months before Ryzen was launched, so here I am with 4 cores and no hyperthreading
I can just barely bake the OVAs in realtime with an OCed desktop CPU
I'd recommend baking the subs, but that's going to take a while with a slow CPU
Are Enki and Enkidu different?
horriblesubs has an XDCC service (downloading over IRC), but I don't know if that's any safer than torrenting.
the principle of alchemy is decomposition and creation, or something
~~but you can't tell me that Elfnein is incapable of modifying a gear to enable water breathing during a battle~~
All the gears need to do to allow breathing in the upper atmosphere is concentrating a bunch of air. To breathe in water, they'd need to split apart water molecules to free the oxygen, which I think would take more energy
So they're a lot closer to earth when dealing with the shuttle
🍌
And of course had the correct names for everything
It was great
I think I watched part 1 and 2 with "authentic" 1800s style english
And the glyphs don't necessarily light up on the same side as the control room
Which is why I'm under the impression that it was on the earth
The Frontier is also a ruin by G
The frontier is the moon's control interface
I thought it was the frontier
The relics are probably like toys to them, I'm sure they have much more advanced technology on the level of the Frontier or higher
The Custodians can harness string theory
I totally understand that it's breaking the laws of reality, I just find the whole thing hilarious. It's just fun to come up with theories to explain it, but at the end of the day, this *is* Symphogear.
At least that could make physical sense, it was just meaningless
^
So a negative temperature attack would actually heat up things around it
The real issue is that when a negative temperature system and a positive temperature system come in contact, heat flows away from the negative system
Doesn't matter what system is being used
Really, this is just an issue of quantum mechanics being incompatible with classical mechanics
So negative temperatures are achieved when a majority of atoms in a system are in excited states
Systems with negative temperature decrease in entropy as energy is added
It's something about probabilities that atoms are at certain energy levels
When you're dealing with temperatures below absolute zero, you're using definitions of temperature that have little in common with day-to-day definitions of temperature
Someone must have moved Enki's body into the coffin, I wonder if we'll find that out
Technically world peace, I guess
All the edgebikkis would probably just stay away from the others
A world with only Hibiki might sound like world peace, but without half the population being Miku all the Hibikis would be depressed
Elfnein will bring back Carol as an AI, then make a Ver AI to keep her company (and end up just annoying her)
thanks guys, now I have Beef Stroganoff stuck in my head
If those three do anything important, I'll be shocked
I'm not sure if there will be any spare time for the side trio this season
Nothing but tsunderes as far as the eye can see
Yeah, that's what I was thinking
What about worlds being composed entirely of someone else? I think a world of only Chris might be interesting
Good thing they did, the mooks saved them
I hope the dimming is fixed in the BD
It looked like Tsubasa was drawn with much less detail during the fight at the concert
A lot of the episode uses a flatter style, probably to save budget for the concert
I think that's the most brutal death we've seen so far in Symphogear
Better than the Hibiki BS in GX that had no cause
Now that's actually a decent setup to a Tsubasa angst arc.
The first episode was lacking something, and the concert made up for it
I'm glad we got the concert
Okay, just watched the episode. It was exceeding my expectations even before the Noise attacked
We already knew that there would be focus on the Fudou thing, which would involve Tsubasa
Yeah, I'm aware. Blame Pikachu
I think it was absorbed into the gauntlet
Over hundreds of years, SG only killed 75% of that
oh wow, now I'm realizing how much 100k is
But then again, S1 episode 1 also looked like a complete massacre
This looked far more like "a handful survived"
Not to mention thrusting her hand through the heart of a little girl
For good reason
Sometimes it's warranted, but in other cases it's reasonable to assume the characters weren't thinking straight
I'm always annoyed when people complain about characters in an anime making stupid choices, as if all characters are purely rational actors.
Would it be a concert scene without an absurd stadium?
As soon as the noise appeared, she was thinking back to past trauma
Who never uses her sniper rifle
The other gears probably are just skilled
Only for Chris, I'd think
Not sure about calling BS, this is Symphogear after all
If she used Thousand Tears, who knows how many of the audience members would manage to dodge *into* the path of a blade
It's a lot easier to avoid hitting a few stationary people than 100k people running around unpredictably
But those soldiers were also not running around in a panic
Look at Shirabe taking out only the Noise in this episode, weaving those yoyos between all the soldiers
That is one sad detail
I was convinced she would miss the chance to take a shot yet again
I can't believe Chris actually fired a sniper round
Just watched the episode, WHAT?!
Yeah, just found that
And what was that reload in Chris's transformation?
So we got two new transformations this episode
DMJii has finally figured out that they need to work together to increase their power
We still don't seem to know the extent of her abilities
Vanessa is the only alchemist yet to be hurt in battle
I'm definitely going to have to rewatch this season with proper subs when the BD releases, from the very first sentence CR couldn't get english grammar right.
The wolfgirl and the vampire are easily defeated by the gears, but I wonder what it will take to defeat Frankenstein
So in one attack, the new trio doubled the death count of the Bavarian Illuminati
I can understand Fudou's motivations, but that doesn't make him any less of an asshole
I knew I had seen a compilation of those reloads
I could see Fudou really wanting to protect Japan. Perhaps he takes his role as a protector seriously, enough so to cross any line in the pursuit of that goal.
That's fudou's goal
Nah, it's not really random
Yeah, that's more likely
oh wait, if Fudou has the relic, then it could "appear" in SONG for Miku to use
He's definitely gone too far, but so far we haven't seen any indication that his goals are selfish
I can see what your point is now.
Ehhhh, I can't see many redeeming qualities in Shinji. He was treated terribly his whole life, but he still acts as a horrible human being
Hibiki villain befriending incoming?
The value that she assigns to her comrades is significantly greater than the value she assigns to each of the concert attendees.
My guess is that Fudou is going to fly too close to the sun in his quest for power and end up dead. Or at least that's my hope.
And "We're still humans"
Plus the talk about family
That's already started, I think
Fine was helped out by Hibiki being a test subject for relic fusion, she probably would have moved slower otherwise
Why did Hibiki survive the concert in the first place? Miku gave her the ticket
Milliarc hasn't yet shown growth, but she has shown a multi-sided personality. She's not simply a homicidal maniac, but an empathetic character with a skewed value system.
And the one in episode 10/11
Madoka was probably popular because of the twist in Episode 3
A lot changes in nearly a decade
The OVAs practically make HibiMiku cannon
It takes frequent treatment to avoid fusing with Nehustan after using it.
Nehustan appears to take a massive toll on its user to regen
Adam was around much longer than that, but of course he didn't get much done.
So they just provided the funding for the Chateau?
Wasn't Carol a sideshow distraction compared to the Illuminati?
That wasn't even a thing before she showed up
Elf9 has reached astonishing heights of innovation in the field of mid-fight gear reconfiguration
I don't think we've seen Adam fight at full strength
In AXZ they failed to obtain X-Drive
That was after he harnessed the ley lines though?
But anyway, all he has to do is tank Carol's attacks until she runs out of fuel
There's no indication that he can't spam it
Because he was occupied managing the divine ley lines
Would he? For a lot of the final battle, Adam was unable to use alchemy
If you fuse with it, it would probably cause relic cancer after a while
And Carol wasn't completely sane either
~~also we wouldn't have Waikyou Shenshoujing~~
But without that, Hibiki would be dead.
Lemons are more common than tomatoes in fruit salad, at least
🍎
And G was the apple season
Yeah, the issue is keeping Elfnein and the others safe
Ogawa could probably take out all the soldiers before they have a chance to fire
It would fit with his talk of bloodlines
Bikki isn't doing a great job of covering her eyes there <:MikuGay:336656810788388864>
I had to rewind that scene to see where the sandwiches had gone
that was hilarious
I think bikki just made the bubbles to protect against the explosion
<:ElfneinBullying:421432763078410241>
You question the cubes making a pyramid, but not the interior being as long as the distance from the earth to the moon?
nyaa
Most isekai is trash, but sometimes it wraps around and becomes ironically good. I've been reading the Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni LNs, and they're just dumb fun with no stakes.
yeah, <$150 for a player will quickly be buried in the ridiculous BD prices
At least in the US, they're easily available, though moderately expensive
Region free disc players are easy to find, though
CDs don't support region locking
Everything from AXZ on, I don't really have an opinion on. I have to hear the songs outside of the show to get a feel for what they actually sound like, and the last time I sorted through Symphogear music was before AXZ released.
I really like the DMJii unison songs, the others are okay
chrysopaeia?
lol
Does CR still slash the bitrate a week after airing (even for premium members)?
Kars would be Adam
"We've no interested in what's left of the corpse" - first line of episode 3
wait no, it was a later episode
The first sentence in the first episode wasn't gramatically correct
It's like CR doesn't actually have any translators working on XV, they make tons of mistakes in the script
This last episode made a direct reference to Elfnein's work on recovering her memories started in the OVAs
Carol's return has been heavily foreshadowed at this point
Don't you mean "color"?
After thinking about that sentence, "had" no longer feels like a word. Thanks, semantic satiation.
Without punctuation, it's nearly impossible
The way you wrote it out with punctuation makes it easy to figure out the meaning
I'm a native english speaker, and occasionally realize that I've been pronouncing a word completely wrong for years
lol
Like a popcorn kernel
Though through thorough thought, you can figure it out.
I'd say that in English you can at least pronounce words that you don't know, but English pronunciation is messed up.
There's at least one other Israeli in this server, IIRC
My thoughts immediately after watching the episode were that Millarc killed the inspector. Those two are obviously working on different sides, as Fudou was angered by the investigation.
Could just be a normal bumpy road, or perhaps the gear is alive
And the rest was history
She probably woke up, looked to the side, and thought "Oooh, shiny"
It has to be intentional, but the question is who gains from it.
Who had the bright idea of just leaving an unconsious Miku right next to the relic?
My first impression was that it is about a meter across
It annoys me that the egg at the end of this episode lacks anything in the shot to establish scale
It was laying on the ground undamaged as elfnein blacked out
Millaarc probably smashed it
Fragarach in the Nasuverse is a really cool weapon
Probably due to Hibiki giving her a beating
My prediction is that she will gain control later on
Which means God ~~Emperor~~ Miku will probably fight for SONG
Adam was seeking divine power to deal with the custodians
Remember, there's a bigger bad coming up soon
The line on the bottom is the beam of light coming from it
If there was going to be a 6th season, I'd agree with your predictions, solo
Nah, it's got to be the custodians, based on Adam's dying words
Without Ver in the mix, it would probably violently explode
He would probably be able to control it completely
But this is Ver we're talking about
So far, things like that have lead to the destruction of the wielder.
The lewder version doesn't exist, the full version is probably what we already got but with the S1 homage and Philosopher's stone parts
Part of it will be caused by the sequel effect. To be watching XV, people need to have felt it was worth their time to sit through the first 4 seasons. It's part of the reason why things like Gintama and Owarimonogatari 2 are rated so highly on MAL.
There were a lot of shared gods between cultures
I mean, those are probably the same god
I wonder how much of it actually was throwaway nonsense that has simply been retconned into importance
Then how about this:
Tsubasa goes off the deep end
Miku gearjacks her to save everyone
Alternatively, it's Carol right now, but Elfnein will take over as the last traces of Carol fade away during the battle.
And as with all wikis, it doesn't automatically update with each new episode. Someone has to go in and make those edits.
She was gunned down by the americans
but if Fine hadn't attempted the fusion, she would have been dead
Just repeating things she heard Carol say
Or it could be Elfnein, but pretending to be Carol
I bet the "new" Carol has been feeding off of Elfnein's memories of her
At the end of AXZ, there wasn't much left of the old Carol
If Carol could stop the seal, there's no way Shem-Ha can't
If Fudou has an ego, Shem-Ha has even more of one
Just finished the episode, how does Fudou expect to control the reincarnation of a god?
Shem Ha would probably prefer to have a body of his own
The god powers in Symphogear are primarily the ability to restore any damage taken
In the sense that she was the most notable, not that she was the only priestess
I really doubt that they'll introduce another priestess. Fine was **the** priestess, another one would be anticlimactic
Oh right, he was just hinted at from the start
Or wait, was it the beginning of the beach episode?
Hibiki's dad had a cameo early on
Without the control of Ignite
She'd just go berserk directly
Of course, the real solution to this is just to block CR Collection entirely, which I did right after getting spoiled on 119's transformation
The people they're trying to reach with those advertisements are not the people who have been watching weekly anyways, so why do the clips have to be from the most recent episode?
At least they could wait a few weeks before uploading clips from the show. Uploading them with spoiler titles and thumbnails a day after the episode is available is ridiculous.
Therefore, you'd think that CR would have a moment of thought about those who support their website with ad revenue instead of a monthly subscription.
The people CR is advertising to are not the people who are pirating the show
They have to wait a week to watch the show
And what about the people without Crunchyroll premium?
I couldn't watch the episode from the previous week the day it aired, but right in my Youtube recommendations was "Elfnein's Transformation". That was really disenheartening, to get spoiled on something at the literal end of the episode because I couldn't watch the episode immediately.
badum tisss
Made by Ver
And has an army of holographic Kanades
Topdad is actually the one pulling Fudou's strings
Even her own father wasn't absolutely sure of her identity
Nah, they saw someone who "sort of looked like her"
They had to sign NDAs probably
Elfnein could probably figure something out
Who's still very much alive
Compared to Fudou?
||still waiting for the moon to be revealed as a giant mecha||
Once you have the files in hand, you can just add them to your music library probably
Transmission is probably a good choice, it's good enough that it's installed by default on a lot of Linux distros
There are multiple torrent clients available on Mac devices
Carol didn't age
probably not
Noble Red gets converted to human infants by divine power, and Hibiki and Miku adopt them
pepsi
Pre-babel
Will we be getting OVAs?
<:ChrisShock:620077681484103680>
I can't wait until episode 16 comes out, the hype is real
Considering how much I paid for my Ti84, it better be a robotic killing machine
Shem-ha was encoded in human DNA
Only took them 5 seasons to realize their feelings for each other
Hello archive readers:
XV is the best season.
I can't wait until the next official rewatch!
Unless you're in the southern hemisphere
Alice left right before we hit AXZ in the last rewatch
Why hidden and not archived?
Was there ever an #axz-discussion channel?
Create a history, with the light God could not know
Do not operate heavy machinery while under the influence of freedom
Here's the original source for "freedom molecules", by the way: https://www.energy.gov/articles/department-energy-authorizes-additional-lng-exports-freeport-lng
Even that is reductionist, many issues have a bunch of sides
Do you have sources for claiming that such things happen on a significant scale?
What possible reason would america have to abduct and murder people, though?
That's ridiculous hyperbole
So next american troops are going to invade south american countries and systematically abduct and murder entire ethnic groups?
Are we forgetting that concentration camps murdered millions of people, or that people were rounded up from areas that they had been legally and peacefully living in for decades or longer? In Auschwitz alone, over a million people were systematically murdered (1.1 million killed out of 1.3 million deported seems to be the current estimate, and those who weren't killed immediately were worked to death). Yes, immigrants to the U.S. die during the process for various reasons, but those deaths are comparatively much, much rarer, and are not caused by systematically shoving people into chambers of poisonous gas. There have been some nasty incidents, but the officials responsible were acting as individuals, not under commands from the government. I'm not supporting the current border control procedures, but comparing them to concentration camps is honestly sickening.
I still don't see how the socdems intend to fund all of their programs. America is already under massive amounts of entitlement debt
I obect to calling someone who thoughtlessly throws around such rhetoric a hero
Which parts hold no cultural significance? My geography is not the best
I'm sorry, but I feel I need to address the issue as soon as it comes up
The palestinians are currently being used as pawns to tilt global opinion away from Israel. There's plenty of land in the dozens of nearby arab countries where the refugees could live, if all those governments weren't so set on using them as pawns
I also believe that the "anti-israel" rhetoric being thrown around is often disguised anti-semitism
but it's the only land the jewish people can truly call their own, and is under constant existential threat
I don't agree with everything israel does, and I believe the ultra-religious sect is too strong
Israel is tiny geographically, compared to an array of openly hostile enemies that would love to see it completely gone
Every time israel gives land back, it's used as a platform for terror
That's the slippery slope arguement that truly leads to fascism
Omar is blantantly antisemetic
What even is far left then?
so the democrats advocating socialism are center left?
That leaves 2 years for a president and congress to push laws through, which will be reversed in the next presidency if they're that bad
When the president is unpopular, their party tends to lose congress seats in the next election, severly hampering their ability to pass laws
I'll be the first to say that both parties are completely insane. But to reach anywhere near the level of Nazi Germany would require a massive change in the structure of government, and would ultimately be the fault of the american people filling most elected seats with fascists
At the moment, the two american parties are roughly balanced
Are you suggesting that one party will completely defeat the other, and claim unilateral power?
Well what should they do instead? Toss them back over the border and say "good luck trekking back to your homeland"?
11 people compared to millions?
I'm arguing that even comparing the two is sickening
Found an NBC article stating that 22 immigrants died in those ICE camps over 2 years
The germans separated families, but the women, children, and elderly were murdered on the spot
squalid living conditions, yes. Mass murder, no
And we're back to places that are extremely far from the concentration camps of Nazi Germany
and where are these concentration camps?
The major thing missing in your arguments is *systematically*
Not surprising, seeing how china is trying to shove through legislation that allows anyone to be extradited to the mainland
It's also a seperate issue to the immigration thing
But even comparing that to what happened in concentration camps is insane. The US is not even close to killing 2/3rds of an ethnic group by invading and abducting nearby countries.
Still horrifying if it's true
I just spent the last few minutes reading into that incident. that thing is a mess all around. He hasn't been pardoned yet though, and the investigation/trial is still ongoing
I feel bad for just dropping out of the conversation, but I need some sleep
In the US though. Has the war on poverty started in the '70s helped the poor?
Have the great society programs had a significant effect on reducing poverty levels?
They'll lobby anyone they can to avoid being taxed
And those rich people are unlikely to go down without a fight
If there's a loophole, the people with a third yacht can afford the teams of tax lawyers to find it
Assuming that the wealthy won't just move around their wealth to avoid the taxes
I'm pretty sure I'll never have to take either of those tests, which I'm happy about
I don't really know how the US system works either. I was homeschooled, then just jumped into community college with a basic placement test.
Like the SAT/ACT?
Do these A level tests have a counterpart in the US, and to which students are they administered?
Essentially. By paying for college, you're betting that your future incomes will be high enough to make a profit relative to working without a diploma.
It's investing in human capital
Did anyone ever know how to debate? In the 19th century fistfights were common* in the US congress. (*not sure how common they actually were, but I've heard there were some notable fights)
There's a reason Unicode isn't allowed in URLs by pretty much every browser
The secret is only transmitted during the step where you scan a QR code with your TOTP-generating app, and never again.
This means that the verification code isn't transmitted to you, which is vulnerable to being intercepted if someone's talked your phone company into giving them a clone of your phone.
Essentially, a function that uses as an input the current time, and outputs the verification code
Time-based One-Time Password
It's nice that Discord offers TOTP based 2FA, SMS based 2FA is inherently insecure. Which means that of course my bank only supports the latter.
Yet another reason to use 2FA on any service that supports it, even stupid people should be safe from this attack if they have it enabled.
I'm mildly annoyed at it being called a virus, when it really isn't. Malware in general involves malicious code running on user's machines, this is just a phishing attack. I got worried for a second when I saw this because a "Discord virus" sounds like it involves malicious code that spreads through Discord automatically, whereas a phishing attack that spreads through social engineering has no chance of causing problems if you simply avoid clicking the link. Something like the XSS vulnerability in Steam profiles in early 2017 is an example of the former.
Pretty standard worm, offers free nitro through a fake link, steals your logins, spreads to your address book. At least there are no Discord vulnerabilities to exploit, so you can only be compromised if you click the obvious fake link
That's the point
The first
Otherwise you could have a link that goes to `https://gоogle.com`, which is indistinguishable from the real URL but has a Cyrillic `о` replacing one of the normal `o`s.
I've seen nothing that suggests the russia thing has any substance
I bet trying would seriously hurt the democrats chances in the 2020 election
And that's the downside of informed voters. If you can deliver wealth to your constituents, they'll keep electing you, even if the country as a whole suffers
Unfortunately, there's always a lot of junk thrown into bills that no one bothers to read (see: the entirety of the Affordable Care Act), so unless you're a lawyer, you might have no idea what the implications of a bill actually are.
That's the video I was thinking about
There's a reason congressional voting records are publically accessible. You can see what your representatives have voted for in the past, and use that to decide who to vote for.
Do you think it's fine to allow immigrants who outstay their visas to remain in the country? If so, there's no difference between a temporary visa and a permanent one
Money is a great way to buy people
I mean, it's not even a secret that lobbyists have a ton of power to get laws passed
Usually documentaries stretch facts to make claims about complex issues, so I don't really trust any of them
If each individual chooses a few news sources to avoid, there might not be enough overlapping avoidance
The problem is that individuals have to avoid certain news sources as a group.
Such vast power will undoubtedly be abused
The way I see it, any agency that controls the news is bound to become corrupt over time.
It's worse if the news is government controlled, IMO
Considering how the debates are mostly a platform for attacking opponents, that ad isn't too far off. All of the Democratic candidates are aware of how effective Trump's debate tactics were in 2016.
Because actually making law is bad politics when you need to be re-elected
The biggest problem with the American government seems to be that elected officials have essentially given legislative power to executive branch agencies that are not elected.
And you can always just blame the agencies that implement the law if needed
It's easy to sell to your constituents that you passed the law, without mentioning the clause that makes the law worthless
Those are often not mistakes
https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2019/01/a-whole-years-worth-of-works-just-fell-into-the-public-domain/
Since this time, there was actually a strong resistance movement
Last time the issue came up, the big rights holders didn't even bother.
Not sponsored by a company isn't a good distinction, what about if the local plumber sponsors the con or something?
The biggest names have a higher chance of feeling like they can get away with anything
If there's a draft, it means the military wants anything that moves
Considering how its government sponsors terrorism, I don't have much sympathy for Iran in these cases.
Isn't there something about punishments that are unpredictably given having very little effect at preventing actions?
And they'd probably just promise to throw even more money at veterans before resorting to a draft.
A draft would only be implemented if they run out of volunteers
not at the moment
Which is why I think preventing Iran from getting nukes is a worthy goal
I don't think America would have much trouble taking on Iran alone, but if Russia or China stepped in, World War III would be imminent.
I don't think it's impossible to have a government with 7 billion people
Humans really like to splinter into subgroups
I suppose saying "The Founders" is misleading, as there were a handful of differing opinions being spread
The Founders explicitly did not want a two-party system, but it ended up developing that way
The reason there is a two party system is a direct consequence of third parties stealing votes.
Just locked up in the permafrost
There's also tons of water on mars
Well, that red sand is iron oxide
Any method of terraforming a planet will take centuries at least
Using every bit of energy from a star might not be worth the trouble
Yeah, a dyson cloud is much easier
There *was* a molten salt reactor experiment in the US last century, but it was shut down
Just a few, but that is the most likely path for future expansion
It doesn't help that the public is scared of anything with "nuclear" in the name
But at the moment no one seems to want to research alternative reactor designs
Molten salt reactors running on thorium should be able to fully recycle the worst waste products
The best way would be to avoid creating so much waste in the first place
Also, gravity is really strong
What happens if a single rocket out of dozens fails? Ridiculously radioactive waste will be spread throughout the atmosphere
No, sending it to space is an absolutely horrible idea
An alternative method of harnessing nuclear power is molten salt reactors, which are able to use much more of the radioactive material
Today's reactors have negative void coefficients, which means that a meltdown is nearly impossible
That leads to runaway reactions
Chernobyl used a reactor with a positive void coefficient, which means that as the temperature rises, the reactivity increases.
The first issue isn't a huge deal, as proper monitoring and steam venting can be used. The second part is not so great, because transuranic elements are nasty
This has a few dangers, such as the possibility of a steam explosion, and the fact that most of the radioactive material isn't actually used up.
The most common type uses enriched uranium fuel rods to generate heat to boil water to turn turbines
Depends on what type of reactor is used
Nuclear power != Fallout 5
And better nuclear than we have at the moment, where most of the fuel isn't reacted before being thrown away
The only way green energy will take off is if that green energy is nuclear power
The world might be thrown into chaos for a while, but after a few centuries the population would recover.
If Europe could recover from the Black Plague, climate change probably won't end humanity.
500 years ago, a country with 1 billion people would be unthinkable
But only if the total number of humans is much, much larger than that
For a country that's mostly desert
Plus the agriculture is pretty impressive
The oxygen on earth is from algae
Genetically engineered bacteria would probably be the easiest way to do that
Well, it means that if we gave Mars an atmosphere with enough greenhouse gasses, there could be oceans
What? That quote says that an employee was getting beaten up, not the suspect.
The issue is if they miscalculated the margin of error
The best hope would be kinetic impactors, but those carry the risk of breaking off shards
That's not feasible with today's technology
A 20km asteroid would take about 200 GT of TNT to destroy, delivered in one blast
The nuke would have to vaporize the asteroid to prevent a shard from hitting the earth
There are not a lot of viable options for deflecting asteroids, and we haven't tested any of the proposed methods
Even if it was detected, what can we do?
I found a paper about that condition: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3326051/
It's pretty interesting, I had no idea that existed (not suprisingly due to its rarity).
It's like every news organization is trying to lose all credibility just for the sake of short-term clicks.
African slaves as disposable workers in the Americas, natural resources like sugarcane sent back to Europe, guns and manufactured goods sent to Africa to obtain more slaves
And then you get horrible things like the triangle trade
But once he arrived bearing news of land across the Atlantic, other sailors took note of the discovery
Columbus had no clue what he was doing. There's a reason Portugal essentially laughed him out of the royal court. He was using Ptolemy's dated maps which showed the world as being much smaller than it actually was, and he was convinced that he had succeeded in sailing to India.
From what I've heard, we're in no danger of running out of oxygen. But trees, especially old ones, store a ton of carbon that is converted into CO2 when combusted.
Doesn't animal life in the Amazon consume most of the produced oxygen, or is that misinformation? But the real issue is the carbon trapped in the trees anyway.
You might want to get that checked by a doctor, in case it's caused by something more serious than anxiety.
Yeah, but if China moves against HK militarily, what happens then? Either the US responds to China's aggression, potentially escalating tensions into a world war, or the US does not respond, giving China the signal that it is free to move against its neighbors with no fear of retribution. Which then could cause a mess regarding Taiwan, as the US is bound by treaty to defend it.
Rule #2 of driving: All pedestrians are trying to get themselves killed
Though considering some of the drivers I see on the road, maybe it's not so uncommon
How do you even merge without checking the mirror? That sounds like the kind of mistake you can only make a few times before getting into a serious accident
New drivers have the highest rate of errors, according to all of the drivers ed powerpoints I had to sit through
In my state it was 50 hours, with 10 at night all with a licensed adult in the car
A lot of states have Graduated Driver Licensing programs, which has multiple tiers of license and requires classtime and driving experience
Amazon might have lower overhead than traditional stores, but they're far from having no overhead. The last 12 months or so they spent nearly 240 billion USD on operating expenses. Even digital storefronts still have to pay for server costs, which can be significant.
y'all is a useful grammatical construct
Youtube also doesn't really have levels of age restriction, so you can't set your videos to 16+ or something
Just look at the whole deal with Youtube Kids to see how bad parents are at monitoring their children's watch habits
It's the other species that live on earth that we should care about
daily reminder that the earth couldn't care less about what humans are currently doing to it
but yeah, they lose tons of ad revenue from doing so
Youtubers at least have the option of setting their videos to 18+
Just a blanket 18+
Because at this point all you've said is "there is evidence"
Can you at least give a concrete example of what you're referring to?
nothing is irrefutable
Strong is a strong word, to say the least. Do you have anything besides "metaphysics" to back up that claim?
You said there's pretty strong evidence that an afterlife does exist, what's your citation for that?
<@189146272865845248> Evidence?
Which china is working on every day
1984-style monitoring would be the only way to control the entire world
Before electronic communications, it was utterly impossible
nope, global domination has never been very feasible
humans are just particularly intelligent animals
But we are
It always feels arrogant to make a distinction between natural and man-made
It would be difficult for humans to match the level of extinction caused by the cyanobacteria
Dino, that's wishful thinking
Many will see it as spitting on the voters' decision
If Trump wins the election and the impeachment process continues, that doesn't make the Democrats look very good.
The point isn't to get people out on the streets searching, it's to get the car description out there so that someone will spot the car. Don't feel like an asshole, you're not expected to do anything.
Depends on the strength of local consumer-protection laws, I'd assume
The words cis and trans have existed for a long time, notably used in chemistry.
Because Saki is currently not a member of the server
My impression of you has been thoughtful and introspective. Even if you say something stupid, you're quick to realize it.
Brilliant
"Happy birthday! I got you a new car! Here's the bill, by the way"
So there are a handful of countries with nuclear weapons, but how many of those countries have fusion bombs with megatons of explosive power? There's a massive difference between the bombs dropped in Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and those tested later in the 20th century.
Some sources seemed to suggest that it referred to a second civil war
7.7
7.53 billion in 2017
But you've got to get the raw material to build it
Dyson clouds don't seem too farfetched
Resource scarcity will always be a thing
Can you give examples of that happening?
Smaller countries are a different story
The US might be heavily influenced by corporate lobbyists, but no single corporation has anywhere near the power to control the country
2% inflation in the US, 0.05% interest in a savings account
Money in the bank devalues quickly
Everyone who's that wealthy has most of their wealth invested
If you've got 250k in your savings account, you're not going to have an issue keeping your investments in the market during a downturn
$250,000, I think
At the very least, your money in the bank is safe thanks to the FDIC. Investing has risk, and while you will make gains over time, being forced to liquidate during a downturn can cause you to lose a lot of money.
And even money in banks isn't locked up. Banks only keep 10% of deposits in reserve (more if they lack faith in future markets), the rest they invest in the form of loans.
wait no, 0.01%
Though I only dropped the mahouka LNs due to the machine translated volumes
I think it's volume 15/16 that brings up the fact that ||the main characters are genetically engineered to be able to have children without genetic issues, despite being siblings||
Mahouka gets really weird.
My family just found that movie depressing
NGNL 0 was amazing
Of course, you don't need to consume all of that media
Which means that there are a *lot* of named entries to keep track of
What you're missing is that YuYuYu is a multimedia project spanning TV anime, movies, LNs, manga, and games
Much faster than writing out Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru
^ YuYuYu s2 spoiler
Both season 1 and 2 hit me hard, which is rare from anime
Oh right, the first 6 episodes of S2 are just the movies chopped up
Is there a consensus on which version of the prequel to watch, between the movie trilogy and 6 episode TV series?
S1 leaves a ton of loose ends, which are wrapped up by the next season. I don't want to say much more in fear of wandering into spoiler territory.
S1 isn't the end of the story, S2 is.
Definitely watch WaSuYu and YuYuYu S2 next
You can watch it either way, but I'd recommend it in the original movie format.
The prequel was originally released as 3 45-minute movies, then re-released as the first 6 episodes of YuYuYu S2
I've been reading the NGNL LNs, it definitely needs another season or two
Hopefully better subs come out soon, I don't want to rewatch it with Aniplex subs.
Konosuba episode 9 is a bit over the top
Slime was great at the beginning, but it slowed down and became less interesting.
Maybe some kind of javascript trickery that swaps between jpg files to create an animation?
I couldn't get through Konosuba season 2, but the LNs are great. Think I've read through what the movie covers.
I gained a new appreciation for Neko: Shiro after reading the LN, previously it hadn't been one of my favorite arcs.
Got a whole shelf of Monogatari LNs, I've been "investing" in my collection each time Vertical releases another volume.
Who counted?
Netflix attempts to block VPNs, but not all are blocked. Allegedly, NordVPN has servers that are not blocked by Netflix, but considering how much money that company throws around for advertising, I take it all with a grain of salt.
Those automatic metadata search tools don't do so well with japanese music in general.
Pretty sure tea leaves aren't rotten, but the rest is pretty accurate.
I missed Promare the first time, but it's coming back on the 8th where I live.
Out of the theater now. Great movie, but it really was a Trigger movie. I couldn't help comparing it to other Trigger works.
I'm lucky enough to have a second chance to see it, I missed it the first time but it was popular enough that Fathom Events is doing a Redux
On my way to see Promare in the theater!
One reason many people torrent their anime is that all the official streaming sites are crap. You'd think CR and VRV would put more effort into a decent viewing experience, yet they're obviously not.
Accurate
