Chris best girl
Kirika best dork
Anyway, symphogear is my favorite Anime, as far as introductions go
I'm an audio engineer, and musician, so the musical aspect if sympho has always been huge for me. I also speak Japanese and do solo translations as a hobby
<@279341087494242304>
Defender me got attacked
Gotta rep besk dork for Halloween
Hi hi
that's the general distinction, I think
Yeah, that's why I've been specifying "God" not "god"
That's essentially using God as a scapegoat
If you have a problem with trans people or whatever, at the very least admit it's a problem with yourself, dont blame it on God smh
I've never understood why people think *they* get to decide what God does or doesn't like, in traditional religion, the core belief is that God is supposed to love everyone
Imagine thinking God gives a fuck about what you look/act like
Yeah, I'm following you there, It's just for me and my stupid education, I'm a big believer in individual perception being equal to reality. I think that what matters is your own perception of what you are
Well, my point from before was more so that I dont think you *need* to be religious to follow Christian values
Well there's loads of sub-theologies to religion. Some newer ones believe that the *morals* are the important part, and whatever name you give God or surrounding beliefs that stem from that are irrelevant
I don't know if it's black and white like that. They still read "The Christian book" and follow "The Christian values".
I'm not sure if I can. 
The center-piece of a religion is the existence of a being outside of human control, some kind of higher power. If a person reads the Bible and assumes that it's fiction, but still decides to follow the "love your neighbors" teachings from it while rejecting the idea of God, I don't think you can call that a religion.
A set of values
It's safe to say that to them, Christianity isn't a religion
Yeah, I'd say what qualifies a religion is person to person. Some people see Christianity as a set of philosophies, and ignore the "God" part
Oh just the basic Japanese 'religion' Shintou. 
Basically, every aspect of things have  gods that live inside of them. But no one *really* believes in the god part, they just think about everything as "aspects" of existance
Right?
Like the concept of kami, but combined into one "thing"
You should 100% be able to say it
I don't think radyjko saying "They aren't Christians" is *wrong*, because that's how they see it. But I also equally believe that if that person believes that *are* Christian despite not believing in God, I also have no right to decide that their feelings or perceptions are wrong. Same with radyjko
let me rephrase that
Well, actually
I dont think in any facet, people should have the power to tell you what you are or aren't.
I think at that point it's still colloquial
Well, the separation of "Academic" and "Colloquial" are vague as well, I think. 

Is there really a difference between us using "fluid" differently, and the technical fields of Electrical and Mechanical engineering using different terms for "current"?
Yeah, but then you're sub dividing, which is just using colloquium
Well even then it depends on the field you're writing in
Well that's cus English sucks lol
Yeah that's what I tend to believe. If I'm understood at the end of the day I don't care about what you'd consider correct or I correct usage of language
Lots of super respected people like Burke or Nietzsche *do* argue that everyone is wrong.

And if everyone is wrong, just don't care and do what makes sense
Again, there's about half of academia would agree with you and the other half wouldn't
You can't be right or wrong, depending on who you ask.
Of coarse, my point isn't on effective communication though I'm just talking about "inherent" meaning
Exactly but that doesn't make group A's definition right and B's wrong
It's not as easy as saying "they do" about half of academia would disagree with you on that
Using it "correctly" is the issue though, words have no inherent meaning that's right or wrong
There's an entire branch of communication study dedicated or if it's good to disregard scientific terms
Because even in an agreed upon space of communication, like academia, you still have sub-groups
That's what I meant when I said it's not so different
And that's what academia is doing here
Defining words by subtext, by sub categories of people *is* using colloquial definition.
Sorry, I was a bit confused I think. I meant to refer to i. 
In *every* form of academia "i" is just the imaginary number (sqrt(-1)), In Electrical engineering "i" is current, and "j" is the imaginary number
Well, that's just a perception thing, too. 
Obviously the bartender automatically reffered to you as female. To me, I work by voice more than face, since, eyes bad, so I can't say one way or another
Yeah it's all pretty shitty. And yeah I obviously don't understand it, I can't even *begin* to understand it. But I also know what it feels like to dislike a part of yourself, for me it's my non-functioning eyes, for you it's something else. That's where I try to approach it from, at least
Right, yeah, that's obviously not somewhere you wannt be, I also think that's another aspect that ads to the "fear of the unknown" thing we were talking about before
I dunno, I kinda love mine
I obviously don't know
Surgery is always an interesting thing for me, I know a lot of trans people don't want to talk about it, which is very understandable. But I've always seen it as a kind of symbolic thing? I obviously dont know how trans people view it, but when I try to consider it it's like. In your mind you're already a women/man, so it's not like getting surgery makes you "More female" or anything, so it's just more like cutting ties, or something
IE, 
is it the Genderfluid's person's fault for always changing gender? Probable not. 
Is it the cis person's fault for not knowing what to call a genderfluid person? Also probably not
I also dont think it's a good approach for anyone to put the blame on anyone else.
Right, and I think some people see that as a kind of "minefield" or something. Not knowing how to refer to a person on a day by day basis is though.
Yeah, the whole thing with misunderstanding there is like, for a lot of people, they've lived their whole lives learning "Gender A is Gender A, Gender B is Gender B" And I know trans people have gone through the same education, and that probably effected them more negatively than we could think. But for *us* it's very easy to think "Why are these people (trans people) saying that things aren't the way they've been my whole life?" It's really tough for people to just change their life view. I dont think it forgives transphobia or being an asshole, but I think that's the source
Racism, sexism, homophobia, It's all one person or group of people acting out against something different from themselves
I think a lot of things are based on "We don't know = bad"
Given, that hardly ever happens with blindness, I know
I mean, my parents have had to live with my eyes for their whole lives, I don't expect them to "understand" me or anything like that, I don't think it's possible. A mutual respect that unknown doesn't equal bad is what's important
Well, at some point, it's not your fault for other people getting upset over your curiosity
Yeah, I totally get that
Someone brought up colourblindness earlier, which I actually really like. I'm a super rare form of colourblind so I kind of get it using that analogy. It's people trying to understand something the people experiencing it don't understand themselves
I mean, even there, we can't even agree on the overarching arguement of nature vs nurture
that doesn't really happen
Evidently though
I mean, *pressumedly* the way the brain ""normally"" works is that it understands your chromosomes, and hormones and just kinda identifies with that, with obviously more than a little help from social norms
Well, it's good that you consider everything worth it now
Right, yeah, My friend from South Carolina had the same thing, but their parents, at least their mom, was ok with it. I can't imagine losing family over it
I bet the realization that you consider yourself trans is not an easy thing to come to terms with
At that point in time did you "consider" yourself trans, or at least were you sure of it like you are now
Well, that brings up a question, and I know generally trans people hate this question, but like
Well I think that's why separation of attraction vs gender is such a cornerstone point for them
Well that's going back to fear of the unknown from before, I think. People dont like trans people because they dont understand. Fear and Confusion, the general feeling of "Not knowing" something is all pretty connected
But that's something that'll probably fade with time
Well, that's just a time thing. Every "Non conforming person" gets stared at. Back when I used to walk with a cane people stared at me all the time, etc. Luckily for me I had the option to *not* do that, unlike you guys.
Good ol Georgia
"Why should you judge your gender on the perceptions of cis people if the whole point is that you aren't cis" right?
Ah yeah, I can see how that'd be a slippery slope
I always thought yall didn't like the terminology of "passing" vs not
Cool, glad you found a drink in the end, have a good trip
Yeah, no, I misunderstood the point I guess
Yeah no problem with that at all
Oh, ofc
Then I think I'm misunderstanding something here
So is the idea that all children are delayed just by default. And they only stop, and either take hormones or not when they make a choice to?
Most kids dont know what they want
obviously that brings up the whole point of
Though
Right, people should go on something if they *want* to, I think encouraging kids to understand what they are is a better solution to giving them something that stops puberty
and your idea of what you are
Well, I dunno if it's as simple as what a scientist says here. For something as personal as your identity, you're really the only one who matters in this instance
Well, that's a whole other thing, the issue of kids, to me at least, is super hard
I can imagine a person going through that, realizing it's a "real thing" that's happening, and then just going "Oh god oh fuck go back"
I'm 6"4, I could lose an inch or two, but the rest of it, nah
I mean
RIght, yeah, I  think ~~certain places on the internet~~ like to push this perception that a lot of trans people regret their decision, and they kinda push that as just, the reality of it all. It's good to know that people can be reinforced being happy just being themselves.
