on our Christian anime server?
hello
hadn't thought to look for a discord for this show til now
Idk how to read
what are rules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dPaVk4G1jg
tsubasa in miyu outfit might be needed
HE FIRES OF GREED WILL BURN THE WEAK
SO WE'LL MAKE FREEDOM OBOSLETE
ok I really need to talk about how rent free the song Collective Consciousness is living in my head right now
pretty soon squatter's rights are gonna take effect
Bad choice of words
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
But is pussyfooting around until one gets possessed by an alien god really #relationshipgoals ?
Will do if there are Bluetooth speakers at the ceremony
I think I’ll be at a wedding when it airs
T-16 hours
I came from the raildex server  where a couple of us were talking about symphogear to the symphogear server where you were talking about raildex
reee spoilers
now all my excitement for the last ep is gone
at least the animation quality makes the show seem almost real
When someone is being a pussy
I use it to describe harem portags a lot
Unlike it sounds it is not a lesbian act of foot fetishism
Indeed
so nothing has confirmed that this is the last season but everything they are saying is pointing towards it?
he is being scared of main girl being anger
it is im pretty sure
yeah but noble red dying is nothing of value lost
why is miku not watching with them in this https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EFjZZRyU8AElqgN.jpg:large
miku death confirmed
f
~~they aren't characters, they are backstories~~
k then i can chill if you guys are saying that
lol
i opened the image and saw some graves but closed it before i saw who was at the graves but i have bad feelings now
nooooooooooooooooo
like noooooooooooo
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
ah ok
wait what are you guys talking about?
is it out already?
or is it being livestreamed
~~he loves himself enough to come back~~
now kith
if they are missing post plz mr. hero
as long as the huge one has all of them then im good with just that one
ok cool
and the last one you posted has all of them
question, what are those huge charts that were getting posted?
<@185949743321579520> are you sure it is missing some?
there appears to be 13 images for each season and then an extra one for the ending scene
ah ok
and only one gay pair right?
at least in the anime
only one of them sings tho right?
ive only seen the anime not the ln
or did the guy have a heart attack
i mean like "was an aileron stuck"
but like holy shit that plane crash
what happened
either something went wrong with the plane that caused the crash, or something happened to the pilot
