If her eye sparkles actually move, can you go with that?
Greetings.
Hello!
Sometimes, stealing ideas is fine.
Lots of people just enjoy everyone most days.
I'm fairly sure we'd all be rainbow colored if that were a thing.
Welcome, my friend!
I hope you enjoy the insanity.
But for the most part, Symphogear and other anime.
Expect some references here and there now that a few of us know KR talk is tolerated by most and welcomed eagerly by others.
For very big diversions from Symphogear.
But, uh... well, certain shows are also trigger words.
Normally we just talk about Symphogear, like usual.
Hey, Sparkle is not our spokesman.
Hello!
Neat.
Hey, he has a Garren avatar.
Also, damn. That was quite the opening chapter.
Arcueid could. But she won't. Not very fun that way.
I had been thinking Carol had her arms around Elfnein. Scarf makes sense.
Hrm. That's a pretty good time for older viewers without mixing in kidlings.
What time did it air?
This is what would result if Symphogear was just a tad more R-rated than it already can be. https://twitter.com/motihanpen/status/952589355696111616
I know Kanade is busty, but dang. There a larger version of this?
Man, that Kanade is buff.
Wait, when would Maria and Kanade both be in the same spot? The XDU opening or something?
Only if you let yourself.
It went too in depth on gun stuff and military tactics for the me at time of reading. Good designs, not my cup of tea story-wise.
Like, I think the teacher doesn't appear for five chapters in a row, makes a token appearance, and disappears for six more chapters at one point.
Nope. One gungirl has a crush on the teacher, but it focuses more on the setting.
Upotte is a manga about girls who are the guns they wield.
You did missile surfer twice.
Except against the Nephilim.
Reminds me a bit of Odin Sphere's artstyle.
That big boobs sell and some girls go up a size at times when they're on the cover.
I'm sorry, my friend, but you'll be disappointed to hear...
You mean when Darkness stopped wearing her armor and spandex literally all the time?
I'd rather call Darkness from KonoSuba my size cutoff. As in, after her, it starts getting out of control.
Preach, Cast.
And Serena is holding Baby Serena.
Baby Maria.
...oh my god, I love that last one!
They're pretty good. Who's the artist?
Ver he is, sitting in the corner.
Also, I love the Santa beard on Nastassja's photo.
Garie, what did you put in this cake?
I can see those two doing that from their first meeting all the way to now.
Dangerous site, safe pics these two.
http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts/3004412
http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts/3004408
I'm definitely watching new episodes as they come out, yay and boo paying Crunchyroll.
Darling in the FRANXX, a new mecha show.
Dude, I'd love to see that bot in the show.
I don't count Vanillasoft games in my usual ranges just because they fall into two places with their female character designs: Small and outrageous.
Model what now? Don't know that one.
And Megumin's fetish isn't explosions.
The masochist is a model crusader?
Pfffft.  Kcch. AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA
That is a great pic.
The avatar looked like bunnies on my phone.
Are they supposed to be bunnies in your avatar?
This looks like a reference I should vaguely know. Like Touhou or Skullgirls instead of something I know very well.
Oh no, Carnage is taking over Hibiki! Quick, get Miku to scream at her!
And I love that Serena has both versions of Maria puppets.
One would need hedge trimmers to cut that hair.
1500yenperpersonpertablepleasekthx.
The maid cafe with butler hostess is now open!
Chris is best bomber plane.
So if you put in every character that you know could fill these quadrants, how bloated would it actually be?
Makes sense.
Hrm. Ain't Taiga almost perfectly between Tsun and Dere?
Poor Kirika.
I'm so glad to see Toph and Chomusuke in their places, and Megumin being more Dere than Yunyun is also great.
Frostmourne finds itself confused because this undead chick ain't listening.
I know on my iPod Touch I have about 350~ pics of varying things. Almost all of which would be better suited for the section below.
Chris used Megadeth Party on them because they were singing the happiest song in Symphogear, weren't they?
Who does Aoi Yuuki voice in DBSuper?
I want to see this table tennis game in motion.
I thought I was looking at Kirika when it was thumbnail sized my first time finding it.
As we're speaking of DMJii in the fancontent channel, I remembered this and felt it had to be shared. https://kegispringfield.deviantart.com/art/Dark-magician-Girl-Monster-Energy-Ver-717051444
I actually only had trouble with Hibiki. Her hair darkened like that made me think of Miku, even after I saw the yellow Gungnir veins.
Carol as a sci--PFFHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Also also: Chris is not enjoying this year's Halloween idea.
Also: Hibiki and Miku look weird in Ame no Habakiri and purple Gungnir.
Nope. Bad idea. Regrow the hair!
That face looks weird.
...it looks like someone wanted to copy Kouta Hirano's artstyle but they didn't quite make it.
She does look good with long hair.
I think Shirabe works better as Deadshot.
Still don't get why a Tauros.
I think I saw it once.
Lelouch, get out of there. No mechs.
Miku just gets all the luck, able to catch a Litten with no effort.
Still sailing strong and canon.
But hey, at least we got reconfirmation of the first ship of the series.
I played those games. I totally get it!
ARE WE STARCRAFT NOW OH MY GOD
...man, I wanna read a fic about SONG having to deal with SUDDENLY BABIES AND ALSO KANADE'S ALIVE BUT SERENA ISN'T.
Really? Did the artist have anything to say about why Hibiki would suddenly go evil enough to warrant Miku donning Shenshoujing?
Also also: Genjurou and his babysitting days seem quite fun.
Still: It is pretty funny.
Ah, woops. Mixed them up, hahah.
Also: After having seen a series of videos on Journey to the West (which is still ongoing), Tsubasa as Piggy is downright hilarious.
Also: Shirabe in Ig-Alima looks freakin' awesome.
Oh hey, Solopy has fan art. Neat.
Sword is kinda weird looking, but that's all my novice eyes can see.
Looks good!
Haven't seen Love Live myself, so I won't know any references to it.
Mmkay.
Dia?
HIBIKI THE DESTRUCTOR
WE GOING FULL ASURA UP IN HERE
The Pokemon one, at least.
I wish I was able to collect as much as you.
You do good work, man.
I imagine Maria is part "My babies are all grown up..." and "Dammit, they landed one first?!"
She'd definitely enjoy the Golden Hind.
Servant Rider Chris.
And that Amazons art piece is... weird, but damn it looks good too!
Oh hey! That looks cool.
Welp.
UTA-ZUKI-NUUU~
The way you do other studios animating stuff?
Ah, that's the show. I didn't actually watch it, so I wasn't sure what I was looking at.
It isn't at others.
Unlike that thing, Prisma Illya is really cute at places.
Prisma Illya is also a terrible thing.
Prisma Illya is a wondrous thing.
Oi. You get your nails out of that image bottom, and stop making air bleed.
No, just curious.
Why are we suddenly being bombarded with cute?
That looks like a black version of Shiki's outfit from TWEWY.
Girlycard's outfit is pretty damn good on most characters.
It is always so weird seeing Patchouli without her hat or something.
Oooooh, that's why.
I feel like I should know that hair, necklace, and set of boobs.
And I'm talking about my relationship history when I already said I wouldn't dammit.
I have been the initiator in all of my strictly long-distance digital relationships. And some ended well, still was friends with a couple. Two just vanished on me. One I started something with but I ended up cheating on her. And the latest one that actually lasted a couple years ended up being an emotional and monetary black hole.
But, too long term for me.
Aside from the convincing part, it actually sounds pretty good.
Too longterm for me.
Sounds good for you. Glad it worked out.
And Manifest, yes. At least you've had some success.
A thing to be proud of.
I will commend you that.
At least you've managed to keep looking.
But my dating sitch be in the shitter, and no one need hear about that any more this month.
But I'd still like to be taller, even if only by a couple inches.
Finding a girl taller than 5'11" is a little easier.
Muscles are not bad, in the right situation and amount.
Overwatch characters, for all their stereotypes and assorted controversy, are very lovable.
http://hiwonoafu.tumblr.com/image/171725802954
Hibiki the butler is happy to show you your table and some other things not on the menu, Kohinata-sama.
I don't know how to compare numbers to sizes, but I know what I see.
I'd be surprised if the Wiki didn't have any answer.
Just, very small compared to her juniors and Maria.
She's never been flat.
Lotsa detail on those lashes.
Eyes are too unCLAMP to be CLAMP.
Forget the thighs, where was she hiding that rack?
My reaction: "Hm, doesn't look that bad. Just a full body shot of Miku kissing Hibiki in her Gungnir suiOH I see."
Kirika and Tsubasa and Maria!
That's an actual Memoria card? Huh.
Chris and Miku.
I really want to know if they actually came up with a backronym for that.
Hibiki's Stand is obviously G-Beat.
That looks cuter than it has any right to.
I'm surprised there were as many Chris+Miku and Hibiki+Shirabe pics as there were.
Stumped ya, I see.
...Elfnein!
I don't save anything on my phone if I can help it. Senkin Daurdabla is a special case. Might get Shitou too.
I think that dream is the basis of Itsuka no Niji's opening.
Whyzat?
Eh, mine goes Micha>Phara>Leiur>Garie>Tiki.
I certainly like her more than Garie.
Indeed she did.
GUNGNIR DATTO?!
I say busty Basa.
That looks like a Brave Sword from Fire Emblem.
I think Shirabe is ready to tear into us after failing to use the Ignite Module.
This woulda been so much easier if it was normal Miku.
I like the one where she was holding up a partially eaten okonomiyaki.
And introducing... MIRRORS/GAY
We have the forces of PUNCH, BULLET transforming into ARROW, SWORD, SCYTHE, SAW, and SWORD AGAIN.
And she doesn't mind messing up the selfie either, considering Miku looks good all the time.
Didn't Hibiki's seiyuu wear that dress at a concert?
The area around the boobs is the same.
Huh. I never noticed that they had the same bodysuit before.
Probably art imitating life though.
Coolie.
Kanade makes a surprisingly good race queen.
Occasionally, they bring Kirika because she wants tips. Hibiki and Miku are always suspiciously absent, though...
I can totally believe Maria and Chris would go bra shopping together.
Spoilers: Kiri and Shirabe still get together, Tsubasa still has the hots for Marco, and Chris is the tsundere on again/off again third partner to Miku and Hibiki.
The only acceptable reverse harem version of Symphogear.
I see ibu's latest avatar is poking the smol.
Three bean burritos, or three types of bean in one burrito?
VN that's old but really popular.
We have Gungnir Smol, Ichaival Smol, and then Airgetbakiri fluff. Good times.
As does my friend. He took Astolfo for husbando immediately when we first saw Fate/Apocrypha.
Alright. I'll avoid it in the future.
I'll take the punishment I'm due.
Anywho: They all be dudes.
Kay.
What's the term become again?
Right, there's a rule against that now. Sorry.
If Astolfo wasn't in here, I wouldn't have thought TRAPS
Magical Dashing Rogue Bikki.
Ah, I see the threesome is going strong.
Pffft. Chris and Elfnein, because we have no one else to pair them with.
Pffft. Tsubasa, why're you using an oppai pad of Hibiki?
Man, what happens when you eat an apple made out of stars?
That's the one.
Wrong Zesshoushinai. I meant the beach.
Shirabe: Kirika, why'd you send me this picture? I'm right here with you. I can see you from as many angles as I want. *proceeds to repeat Miku's actions with Hibiki from that one Zesshoushinai*
HibiMiku is 16-17?
Graduated from high school, so 19-ish.
...and then they go to college some years down the line and oh look who don't have to worry about Momria and Tsuba-kaasan barging in.
So the same situation as canon, but slightly less tragic in that their parents aren't all killed to make their Adaptor training happen.
Oh! Third happy het couple in this thing: Gen and Ryouko.
Poor Nastassja and Serena, dead before the fic starts as usual.
Tsubasa is trying to get into a college but idol work and Maria make it hard.
Fudou and Yatsuhiro are still in their political positions, but I think younger Gen would be in college or something.
At least, that's what my mildly depressed low self-esteem self thinks.
I'm an okay writer, but I wouldn't be able to give this justice.
Don't care, don't need Ver back in my life longer than needed.
Can he be a homeless guy they pass once and never pop up again?
Is Carol Elfnein's sister or cousin or even existing?
Tiny Snoop Oni is weird to look at after Tsubasa reaches graduating age after all.
...'cept Tsubasa and Gen are siblings BECAUSE of the fucked up family bullshit.
Dude. DUUUUUDE
Maria, where're your legs?!
Does a .txt file work?
I was thinking of copypasting it to fancontent now.
I don't see that number yet.
Wait, how old is Chris?
Yeeep. That's pretty good looking on her.
The Japanese unlucky number!
As in baby or chibi?
Shiver Star is Earth many years in the future.
I see we're on the same wavelength.
Gohan endo~ Gohan desho~
Like dess? https://dewildbunbun.deviantart.com/art/Symphogear-Kirika-Akatsuki-706124284
I can't read moonrunes.
That's my guess.
Edgebiki's preliminary art before they decide 'eh, let's just give her a scarf from the tassel things'.
Still my favorite character from that series.
Roxas from Kingdom Hearts II.
And Chris is best girl.
All I'll say is: I know what I am.
Amen.
You have many weird friends.
Ah, its a pocket Miku! You don't see many of those around.
Awwww. No one lets me ramble...
Well, if you want to know, I'd be happy to take over gaming for a couple hours.
https://cdn.awwni.me/11em6.jpg
And not many can top Yandere!Miku.
That blush says otherwise.
Kairi is gonna be MAAAAAAD.
Poor Sora.
https://lohas.nicoseiga.jp/thumb/4977218i?
Yeeeeeees~
Meanwhile, I look forward to the laughs.
Probably be real disappointed in me.
I wonder what my brother would think if he learned that I'm only using this to support a specific group's anime subbing?
I have bittorrent now.
Sad times for Shinku.
I don't, okay.
How do I open a torrent on a Mac?
Senki Zesshoushinai Symphogear.
Zesshoushinai is part of the OVA's name.
Bye-Bye Lullaby.
Heck, Chris falling behind like that is more human stamina than an inability to. Do you see the gun kata she gets up to, even before watching Equilibrium?
One would think Shirabe would be in Kirika's place.
I like this gif.
There shall be wars over this accident.
A line of headpats is fun.
Miku: Alright, Hibiki, here's how this will go...
Hibiki: *I didn't think Miku would take it literally but I don't wanna stop her!*
Kirika: DE-DE-DEEEEESSSS! Shirabe! DEEEEESS!
Shirabe: Kiri-chan, stop staring. You know that's nothing out of the ordinary for us.
Kirika: DEEEEESS!
Poke.
http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts/3060276
http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts/3066961
"Help..."
http://danbooru.donmai.us/posts/3070894
This is not bad thing.
Little bit, yeah.
There's a show I won't be watching. Manga was creepy enough.
That Carol looks very cute.
I am very okay with this bunny Maria. She's posing for Tsubasa.
...I should download that program to play mkv files at some point. Ugh.
Ah, that's where Elfnein's sparkly eyes came from!
That is an accurate depiction of leaving a destroyed Palace.
And everyone is surprised that Chris can smoke that cigar with no issue. She reminds them her childhood was shitty.
What messed me up for a moment was Shirabe with that dude!Kirika up there.
Edgebikki is not okay with this short dress.
But I can see her going a long way.
She wouldn't be a Rattel, that's for sure.
Mirrored, but yes.
A lot rarer, but I've seen it in a few games.
Baseball players do it too.
Here is an demonstration: http://slavsquatgod.tumblr.com/post/163434955382
It is also the position some catchers take when they're behind the batter in baseball.
That's a yankee squat.
Y'know that squat some characters do with baseball bats leaned on their shoulders?
Oh totally, once Serena wakes up from that knockout.
I know, I have one.
It is hard for little sisters to not act out evil when they can.
"Look, Genjuro-ojiisan. I found a cat!"
"...Tsubasa-kun, that looks like Maria-kun."
"Which is what I've decided to name her!"
"Tsubasa-kun..."
Taiyaki is a weird Japanese thing that will probably not be brought to countries outside Asia in any appreciable form.
Depending on your obsession...
R, that one Tumblr post does indeed have Biki a bit on the busty side. But I'm okay with this. Also, she looks good as a member of the Global Police.
Maria doesn't see it like that, Chris is disdaining someone. Who has a great view.
Miku, how did you duplicate the Gungnir like that? It seems a little weird to have the gauntlets on while you're holding the spear.
It confuses me.
I want to know why someone decided KanaSereChris was a good idea.
...I wanna say only Hibiki's, but I'm not sure.
"Maria, get out of my sleeping spot, I'm not Tsubasa! Or this Nastywhatever woman!"
So, if they were actual women instead of Autoscorers, Leiur's would be a comment on how she bounces without a bra and... still no idea what Micha's would say.
Please tell me those shirts are "I'm with stupid" and "I'm not stupid, she's just very smart"?
Isn't that the Fenrir from Advent Children?
I know my sister always feels much better when she gets her hair cut short and doesn't have to wash so much of it.
The actual cut, probably a relief.
I think the attention she's meh with, since Hibiki is Hibiki and doesn't have an off switch.
Hibiki, you cut too short. Shirabe... you like fine, actually.
Probably won't.
I want to write it.
Considering there's a fifty/fifty chance I'd have either the same pizza to eat from or my own, I'd one hundred percent eat with her.
That is Utazukin, but I meant with child Phara and Leiur.
Why is Chris a piglet/toy pig and Tsubasa a bird? ...actually, bird fits.
Actually, both Normal and Edge Bikki up there had Gungnir gauntlets for their belts.
In a world without Pokemon, Maria is a catgirl.
Shirabe being a hedgehog fits, Kirika being a dog fits, Micha biting her ear because she doesn't know better fits. Maria is in her true form I see.
Bikkimon, Warp Digivolve to...! WARGUNGNIRMON!
Ichaival: Good for archery at any angle.
What sort of mirror world is that, Hufflepuf?
What is Chris on, Kirika and Shirabe using a zesshou?
Genjuuro: LET'S GET DOWN TO BUSINESS! TO DEFEAT! THE NOI
Hibiki: RICE!
Genjuuro: SE WHO SAID THAT
Or Nasstasja or Nastasja. One of those three.
Nastassja is how you spell it.
Someone went all out for new years.
I'm about on par with Saint-Germain in shoes.
Bread knives have serrated edges, rounded tips, in my experience.
That was a bread cutting sword.
Chris wants the sword hugs, but must stay in character.
Huh. That's a pretty good one, I think.
It is, at the start of the day.
Why does Kirichan drop this Mugi on us?
Because as a baby, Chris did have parents? I'm more curious where Serena is, unless she's taking the picture.
Is that ZENBU?
In my head, Shirabe plays soccer while Kirika is a guitarist.
Well alrighty.
I can't read moon runes. I went with the one that seemed a better fit.
Maria, stop cheering on Shirabe getting the goal and roll your pants down. People not Tsubasa are staring.
Are they even good tasting after all that?
Those lattes look so well made.
It looks like small, medium, medium extra to me.
This reminds me of a Shire Folk fanfic.
https://danbooru.donmai.us/data/__namine_and_xion_kingdom_hearts_kingdom_hearts_358_2_days_and_kingdom_hearts_ii_drawn_by_karudoll__4ece0c7554992925a5745a63476b997f.jpg
Isn't that just precious?
https://danbooru.donmai.us/data/__namine_and_roxas_kingdom_hearts_kingdom_hearts_358_2_days_and_kingdom_hearts_ii_drawn_by_vocon__076a4c7ce7a86b0a57fea63f78ce362a.png
https://danbooru.donmai.us/data/__kairi_kingdom_hearts_and_kingdom_hearts_i_drawn_by_kouki_ko_ki_9__78851e4191854910e7ed78b49980a30d.jpg
...oh my gosh, it is.
That pic of Maria being a dealer, who's that on the Jack card? I can see Ver on King, I think it was Nastassja on Queen, but I'm torn between Kirika or Shirabe for Jack.
Adult Bikki means more proportions. Also, when the fat doesn't go into her muscles, it goes into her curvy parts.
Poor kindergarten teacher Maria.
Thank you, Sonzai X!
Approved.
With boobsocks and too short a skirt.
Think I saw a Cag CG gallery on e-hentai once?
Oh. Uhm... I personally don't know of any doujin involving Miku.
And in NSFW-art, there is a lot.
When isn't there Miku porn?
GRADB YOUR DICK AND DOUBLE CLICK FOR PORN _PORN_ *PORN*
Just remember to thank Texans for coming up with it.
Not a fan of onions.
Good milkshakes there, says the guy who orders chicken tenders.
NOOOOOOO
Only Cracker Barrels and some tiny stores have that over here.
And Big Red soda almost everywhere.
Also, Taco Cabana. Never go wrong with that.
I get shivers running to and from the mailbox twice a day over here.
Heat outside the air conditioning.
Rain makes that less than fun for me.
TAKE ME OUT OF THE COLD EAST COAST DAMMIT
I've been to one Otakon, when I was fourteen. I'm so jealous that you're going to a con in Texas.
Wish I could go.
Nice! I hope you have a good time.
You're one of the lucky ones, it seems.
If people didn't need that hammered into their heads every couple months, the world would be a slightly more tolerable place.
Bionicle was so good! I wish my mom didn't make me have to give it away to my friend before we moved.
Rice cooker was probably one of my favorite appliances to see be added to my kitchen.
I've seen that one. I tried, but I was not in a yuri phase at the time so I was bored of it quickly. Wonder how I'd like it these days?
At the moment, there is in the manga and novel versions. Don't know how the anime would tone it down.
I'm trying to convince at least the people that haven't read it that this dark fantasy anime coming out soon can be a good watch.
And I'm not trying to convince you specifically, Rukia.
But around all that is certainly a world that isn't always friendly to humans.
People can enjoy Goblin Slayer for the good stuff. People, fights, some investigations, general fantasy tropes in play.
I'm just trying to sell that Goblin Slayer is dark. REALLY dark. But it isn't to the level that I wouldn't recommend to even my strongest gutted friends.
Weird people and the 'normal' ones reacting, actual jokes, and some antics.
The other bits of humor comes from the normal sources.
Makes for some humor at times.
So far, there has not been any yuri or yaoi implications but a lot of girls like the main dude.
There, but that's also flavor text about goblins in almost every setting, isn't it?
It isn't exclusively that.
It will start out very dark, most likely. But there is humor and good people in it too.
Would anyone here want to see the Goblin Slayer anime when it comes out?
Yeah, Netflix is getting the second half Soon(TM).
When would this start?
Gaming is a category up.
I think I can make that.
What're we watching next?
HMAS?
I'd be down for playing AMQ with you guys.
What's the osu! thing for?
That solo sounds like it was taken from a Homestuck track.
Ah, I haven't seen that one.
Which robot anime?
That's just one I like.
Every plot point has its flaws.
"Holy shit, that guy was more determined than a protagonist?!"
But there's also a counter argument.
True.
I've always been a fan of 'magic starts as willpower given form, everything else is where the science comes in'.
I avoided Akashic Records because of how generic the manga cover's look.
It really is.
What I hear, anyway, since I only read the manga.
Better manga than anime, that one.
It gets SO much better.
It gets much better.
I meant anime though.
I've heard about Worm a couple times, been wanting to check it out. Just haven't gotten around to it.
Any you can name?
K-ON! with the real info.
We're weird, ibu, you should know this by now.
I disagree, Kerrik. It looks good, but is boring as crud.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNA48dDj3D8
...dammit, the pun makes sense but I'm so used to saying it 'kinuuuu' whenever I see it in text.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7cPUez_7v8
Go Cry Go is not a bad choice for cover.
Another good artist from Ar Tonelico is KOKIA. I will never not recommend her if given the chance.
She's just amazing.
Allow me to jump on the Akiko Shikata train late.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hng0_OyE9os
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIRPDJ5MYcg
This, however, is one of my favorite songs this year. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SL_Hd4ItPw
No. That was the opposite of smooth.
That was a trip.
Thirding ambiguous being great.
I am jamming to this Dangomau5. Pretty good.
https://streamable.com/q5r5f
HOW COULD YOU, OVERWATCH LEAGUE
And playing with thighs probably isn't a good idea either.
I thought Bloodborne was that?
Think of different ships while playing?
Professor Layton crossover.
I loved Vanquish. Wish I coulda bought it off Gamefly, but buying Fire Emblem Awakening off it was a better choice, I think.
But I also don't want to utterly alienate myself.
Uhm. I want to get into that debate.
Also, [R]'s Semiramis post reminded me that she's a limited release Servant in Japan right now. Those fanboys who miss out probably started foaming at the mouth.
I suggest Vanquish, Mani.
Man, don't you love when your fort gets taken by a bunch of level 40+ Uruks when your own is still babby's first army because upgrading is really stupid?
And suddenly Seto became Setoko.
Gacha is a cruel mistress, in real life and digitally.
And I still failed to get what I wanted.
$160 for digital currency.
It'll be awhile before it sets in, I think.
They start in Excellent status, basically the default, and go down from there. It starts with a minor demerit, but as time goes on, they could be kept out of fights entirely. So switching out my roster every now and then will definitely be fun to play around with once I get farther in and have more than seven peeps to use.
So while going around those, and just fighting in general, units get more fatigued.
Echoes has dungeons to explore.
Considering how much I enjoy playing Awakening, and reading RD because damn is getting a working disc of either Tellius game expensive, this is an intriguing statement.
I just started on Fire Emblem Echoes last night. While I miss durability, the fatigue mechanic will definitely make an interesting change from it.
I was gonna say ink, but blood works too.
Or use the kindness of giving it to him as incentive to get something better next time.
You don't have a lot of time to game.
But I also only played the demo.
As a non-first JRPG, it seemed a little too complicated for me.
I'll have to agree with Chrono Trigger for a good beginner's JRPG.
But nooooooo.
If they let us get avatars or something, that'd be nice.
Hell, when you aren't allowed to buy anything...!
When ya don't buy anything on the regular, they really don't.
Let me use my Susanoo or Kyuubi Chakra modes, I know he has them!
Going back to Storm 3, it made sense. But I still would've liked to have access to all the Awakenings sooner than I did.
Damn! But Zabuza and Haku are cool.
Made me real glad to finally take off the gloves and just play against humans.
To be fair, you had to deal with that through a whole too much in that game.
...I am laughing so hard right now.
Cool. Thanks!
Did that a few minutes ago. Do I head back to the Maw now?
Alm is stuck at the Dragon's Maw.
And I don't want to use the wiki just yet. Resolve isn't that weak.
Cause I be stuck and I don't know how to progress right now.
Anyone play Fire Emblem Echoes here?
But I am also very bad at puzzle games. So...
I've only seen LPs of it.
Things I didn't expect: Anyone here to play HuniePop.
And now Fire Emblem Echoes and Radiant Historia: Perfect Chronology.
Or Shadow of Mordor, still need to beat that one fully.
If I wasn't working, I was playing P5.
How far are ya?
...I should probably put RH down for a bit. Finish the new game before retreading beloved maps.
Whazzat?
Even though he's actually one of the stickiest characters in anime.
PFFFFT. The beefiest Shizuo.
Good luck with P5 whenever that arrives.
Hahah, figured.
Cute does not mean good gameplay all the time.
I have played the first Lunar GBA remake, THAT was fun! The PSP reboot was boring, sadly.
I tried to emulate a GBA Summon Night game awhile ago. It wasn't that fun.
I don't play FPSs.
Why aren't my men sweating right into the camera?
But this is a fighting game! With really good graphics!
Ya don't need to be happy with 21, just that you have her at last.
So sit through the struggle and be glad when it is done.
Are you a completionist?
I only have one of those, and the fourth one I saw a great LP of.
Darn you, R.
Usually, it comes to me with no effort.
Wish I remembered the lyrics in full today.
Such a good song.
Spinzaku was actually effective, though. That's just silly.
So, why would someone just make Riku spin so fast?
Yeeeees. Waiting on KHIII like no one knows.
*Rururira DEICIDE... and Deiciiiide... ooo-oooh...*
You take that back.
Also: Worst girl: Bibimi.
She isn't bad. But I think Tsuyu is better.
Tsuyu-chan.
Mitsuki Bakugo.
Ochaco is great.
Eesh. Good thing apparently all of Anti Form's attacks are considered finishers.
I have them~
At least I got Jack when I wanted her.
I'd rather not have Liz in place of Scathach.
There are plenty of female Servants that would be alright hugging.
That fluffy man deserves hugs.
Unless it is Asterios.
If it is a male Servant: Usually no.
If it is a female Servant and not likely to kill me (by snoo snoo or otherwise): Yes.
Also, Doxe, I amend my statement.
Eh.
Meaning get away from Sacred Stones and put in Blazing Sword.
Because I think you should work for your Lord Waifu.
Ephraim.
Yes.
Day after Hector.
_side-eyes the speedy ones._
No need for a second slow blue-haired Lord.
We already have Ike.
But most people even in Fire Emblem don't go that purple without wacky shenanigans.
Blue is just "These are Lords."
At least red is somewhat normal.
The tiniest dragon and the one I wish was in Awakening instead of Nowi.
Text her. If she says no hugs at this time of day, she ain't your bestie.
Does hugging my phone while looking at a Servant count?
I wish I could do that.
Pretty sure he isn't available here yet.
But there are better ones, in my opinion.
I know.
I don't much care for the oni or the Servants around them.
If I read the wiki right, it'll be around August or September this year.
Months. I think.
I am saving up for Nero Fest Rerun.
Pfffft. If he shows up when I do a friend roll, that's that. Otherwise, I'm not gonna try.
Roll to confirm.
I already have four games to play in, but I'd add this.
No, Ver pointed her.
Why does she need those when she can just pay directly?
Yes, I've been following and we roll nat20s on skills so rarely my first instinct was 'roll again'.
My bad.
You need to roll a second D20 t--wait, that's a skill not attack.
Yes, a critical threat.
I love this site.
http://awkwardzombie.com/
That is a good way to summarize it.
And Morgana is Sonic because wynaut.
Good roster, but I never used the support attacks if I could help it.
I don't like Duodecim's support system.
RIP KHBBS mobile.
My PSP's battery is definitely dead.
I think my DS still works, if I can charge the battery.
That game is why my DS has so many scratches on the lower screen.
My all-time favorite DS game is The World Ends With You.
My second favorite DS game.
Chrono Trigger is SO GOOD
Heeellllls yeah.
FFVII was a PS1 game.
I enjoyed it for what it was about seven years ago, but I also know it isn't the sort of game I'd ever %100 or replay after the first time.
FFVII is kinda what you say.
FFVI is a great game, you should finish it.
Just tryin' to be optimistic.
And then all the story stuff and maybe a couple maps you never go back to just changes based on where you are.
Do you think they'll work on it the way they did the original? Because I'm fairly sure disc 1 didn't end on a cliffhanger bigger than a screen transition.
Hm. Here's a thought.
It'd be weird to redo the assets if they're all gonna be on PS4.
Because I'd be surprised if it was 'episode one for years, done, break for a couple weeks, start ep two.'
Are we sure they aren't working on all the episodes at once?
This is my surprised face.
No it is not gonna bee May.
<:ChrisEnraged:423196924368388105>
One of my favorite songs is a mix of Bump of Chiken's Karma's two versions.
I am disappointed with the localizers whenever I learn that we get non-lyrics'd versions. But damn if it doesn't sound good at times.
I like the song.
I should complete the event soon.
That's what my friend said.
50k more.
Just roll FP for Angra.
I was real lucky when I rolled Jack. I think it was in the late hours of her first rate-up and I only hit it once. And at the end of my ten roll, she appeared.
And her whole thing is she's a concubine... I think.
She isn't even decent eye candy.
I don't even have Arturia, so I don't mind losing out on the suit.
Every support.
Also, I'm the middle child who's sat through dance competitions. Vicarious living is kinda my thing.
My wallet doesn't.
Me too.
Let's Plays.
Given the game doesn't have voices in cutscenes and the First Order OVA was meh outside the fights, that's how I'm gonna go with it.
Also, I always read it as 'Ani-muss-sphere'.
If you take away the rest of her name, sure. But it isn't just that one snippet, is it?
Literally, if I remember my spoilers right.
For two, she's an animu-geimu character.
It isn't pronounced 'animu' for one.
I wish I remembered more of that LP.
That's a good line.
I forgot that was a line in VLR.
That is great.
But damn if it wasn't fun.
DmC is definitely not the best story-wise a lot of the time.
And possibly making a Kindergarten reference.
Also: Kiryu, doing what all us gamers would do when faced with a chicken.
I am so glad that video exists, Kerrik.
The Tales of series is for the most part not yuri. Some side characters might fit, if you squint.
How long were you waiting to use that?
But I'm also a Fate whore, so.
FGO is always going to be my waifu game.
They're not always right, but they're preferences.
Some people have their preferences.
Vampire and its like are useful, but damn are they rare. In my experience, anyway.
I have enough on my plate without trying to juggle moonrune games.
NA.
Also, I don't think so Cypher. My handle is Maktara, user ID is 445,083,382.
I literally spent $150 trying to get Nero Bride and failed. I was very sad.
You do not understand my love for that Emperor.
I'm saving up my Quartz for the Nero Fest Rerun because I NEED Nero and Nero Bride.
I had no idea what you meant for a moment, because I've always heard that be called rolling among my friends. "I dropped this Servant" sounds more like you're burning the card instead of adding him to your roster.
It will be very hard to not follow through on that when Camelot gets released and my Wrong Luck shows up again.
...there are not enough letters on this keyboard to begin to go into my disdain for Gawain.
Go ahead.
The one chapter I tried wasn't to my taste.
I have not.
He starts literally invincible, because the fucker takes power from the sun and the map we first fight him on? Perpetual sunset.
It is sad, but Gawain was never a fair fight. Not even in his introductory game.
FUCK YOU GAWAIN
I'm glad this is proven after I played Fate/Extra nine times.
Gawain in any game is not fun to fight.
SRWOG is great, it looks. I should see if I can get subs on these at some point.
That they are. But they're rewarding when you can get the combos off.
...oh, you poor summer child...
I've already got a lot of teams ready. That some people don't is a fact that surprises me.
Of course he has a Gain NP skill... ugh.
Still a turn where the enemy isn't blasting you with widespread death.
Does anyone else want to buy it so I can watch/read their LP of it?
But I also only have so much time in the day.
I mean. I do.
Unless you want 100%, you don't have to sleep with anyone except in some plot scenes in MGQ.
Also, the main character is a shota, so.
You might not want to play Monster Girl Quest in that case. Bug girls are a thing there.
_don't actually buy it just for one dude if it isn't you that's silly_
What are the options?
Indiegogo?
Hrm.
tsubasa doesn't aim
tsubasa can't aim
What is Bloodstained?
...oh my god, she just destroyed the mountain Sun Wukong was under, didn't she?
Not enough offvocal songs from Symphogear.
Kinda happy to see the use of underGear for victory screens.
That was a lot of not what I was expecting for the Symphogear attacks.
The red banner. Most people call them Strengthening since that's what they were in the original Japanese version.
For my fellow Masters of Chaldea, if you aren't keeping an eye on the news, a new round of Rank-Up quests are coming out the next seven days.
Did you have to get a new phone instead of replacing the broken screen? That sucks.
How the fuck do you mistake anyone for THIS?
...Brynhild. Honey.
Oh. Well, seeing as Takeuchi in fact drew both of those...
Is that the game, or name for that Jeanne double?
Which is why I said some days.
Hello, I'm a boy. I think we're cool some days.
People are silly still, I see.
Anyone else playing SMT: Liberators Dx2?
