I just recently decided to snatch all the old players up and become the new GM.
makes sense
that man is a legend
we got full artworks
tokens? Pfft
nope. I'm in a chat with them right now
I don't think you are though...
she was my character
Alice, It's not cosmic break, it's the reason I'm here. I got dragged into a symphogear Tabletop game and we had an artist. but then the game imploded. Before that I had no idea symphogear existed
yeah
I feel weird here
uh, hi
I feel less nervous now
get used to smugs
for right now I can add you as a friend, and then once we get the initial chaos down I can give you details
somehow I was surprised until I remembered where we were
You should
actually... that's Magical girl, not witch. No wonder I couldn't ID those head pegs.
I expected a kirika to show up first, honestly.
they're an MSG part.
It's a custom of Chaos and Pretty witch, mostly. I feel like they made use of exceed binders for most of the additions
I see Ram grew up
unless it's miku flirting. then that's autosuccess
"DC infinity to flirt with hibiki"
we were less making things happen and more fighting fires as they sprung up
your guess is as good as mine
Ranged attacks are just better because that's the stat for dodging attacks and it lets you keep your distance.
the charisma stat is useless
Guarding special attacks is outright impossible...
it's broken on a fundamental level
Trust me, it's too bad for it to be worth it. When me and the other players had tried, we just gave up after rewriting 90% of the first half of the book
4chan has a homebrewed symphogear tabletop game that floats around occasionally, we used that. It's garbage though, so now that I'm the boss we're heavily considering moving to a better system.
D6 is the default, generally. Unless you're making a ~~DnD ripoff~~ fantasy heartbreaker
2: bell curves(well, mountains in this case)
And yes
1: most people have D6s
two reasons for that sort of thing, usually
<@279341087494242304> closer to "roll2d6 for gay initiative"
the only real good approach. Since really, most cases lead the characters to not really know who those people are
mainly because then they do stupid stuff
I've always found it weird that when you do tabletops based off of anime, you always have to keep players away from the canon characters. It's a necessary weirdness
And yeah, whoever did is toast
so thus miku *probably* won't be mad at bikki for being approached. If she responded positively though...
well, isn't miku in that case assumed to be mad at her specifically?
oh boy, suffering simulator
it won't help, she's already mad about you thinking about it
still though, the penalty from knowing the murderous Miku would be angry at her for saying things may very well wipe out that entire success
I prefer my 2/3d6s though. 1/36 or 1/216 let you be amazing when the time comes
so 1/20 chance of winning any check is intended to be rare, but not extremely.
that's intentional, admittedly. 30+bonuses will almost always pass a check you're properly levelled against
makes the diplo check far easier
2: All they do is grant a +10 bonus on crit
Well, A: Skill checks in DnD don't threaten crits, they just do
but what is horizontal truly? For we have no idea what direction forward progress is.
Progress in a sideways direction!
Progress in a different direction!
only 98? You're making lots of progress
oh yeah, That game is a thing. Huh.
