☞￣ᴥ￣☞
You!
Inflation made the instant noodle price go up to 326 yen
It's Hibiki but closer to the S1 style, nice
Indeed, Paw Patrol proofs dogs are the feds
And the other one has kyubey colors... ono
¯\\_(ツ)\_/¯
Which would still be dumb I think but
Like, if he keeps being enough of an ass maybe he hopes NATO will actually get involved militarily. And when NATO gets involved that means the US comes into play and all of a sudden there's interest in that war for China, meaning Russia might get support from China?
maybe Putin really is trying to get people to hate him?
I dunno
Maybe because Russian supply lines have been worse than you'd see even in the middle ages they were trying to buy time to reorganize?
Ah yes, the Disney strategy of 'if you can't destroy them, OWN THEM'
Yeah, sanctions should probably be structured in a way that it hurts the government much more than it hurts the citizens.
Does it really have all the resource available within its own borders to have access to everything it needs from food to infrastructure and military equipment?
I mean for example, I doubt Russia will have access to good quality semi-conductors for example.
And afaik there's plenty of rare earth metals it can't get inside it's own borders.

Not to mention that even if it did start going fully internal, that would probably mean it needs to be spending a ton of money on developing new infrastructure and industry. Which is money it doesn't have to spend because it's economy is crashing and it's actively waging a war that's starting to turn into a war of attrition at this rate.
Aren't sanctions in this case also just simply being applied to make it too expensive for Russia to continue fighting a war and force them to actually negotiate for a peaceful resolution?
That kind of makes it seem like solving the problem of an untrustworthy government really requires that you, for the lack of a better term, cure the human condition.
The only thing that I think is even sort of helping is the existence of the internet exposing people much more closely to people/cultures from all over the planet. But even then it's effects are questionable due to mismanagement.
I'm pretty sure most countries would not be too happy with that arrangement. Even other western ones.
Yeah, even when it is well intentioned. If the difference is big enough the wealthier country can just kinda do whatever it wants.
And doing so by force would probably not end up going very well in the long run
Is there a term for 'capitalism but there is a good welfare system'?
over here we started going along with the car-centric city stuff but actually corrected it in time
~~Also wtf is up with american urban planning, but that's a whole different thing~~
I see... even then I would've probably been way worse off just because of the medicine I need to take.
I think that might have to do that people that are against social security systems usually spin it in the way of "giving the money of hard working citizens to lazy good for nothings" which is a real problem, but it's not the point of the system and something that can be counteracted.
Like fr, if my mom lived in the US for example she would've probably died on the street long before I could have had a chance to even be born.
Improved social security is also something that a lot of countries could benefit from I think.
Yeah I get that. It is way too easy to fall into that trap.
I agree that removing a net negative system should be done. But just recklessly destroying shit because it's bad without atleast a basic plan on what to replace it with is just going to create opportunity for something like it but worse to take it's place.
Well, everything humanity creates makes a tool. At the end of the day it depends on how it is used.
The overall improvement in weapons with which wars are fought have drastically reduced the loss of life caused by war if you account for the difference in total population.
Have they?
Also, I think it needs to be said that just because something is the 'natural' state of something that does not immediately make it superior.
Doesn't the rise of a middle class during the medieval era as agriculture and manufacturing methods improved kind of disprove that?
There's also the simple fact that for a world government it would be too difficult to make any kind of legislature that accounts for all the differing factors in each region when it comes to local climate, pre-existing infrastructure, and whatever else.
Isn't that in part the case because most democratic systems we have seen in use so far have had some kind of system in place that made exploit it for personal gain easier?
Yeah iirc that region was responsible for a solid 20+% of all grain production globally?
That kinda makes sense I guess. Reminds me of this idea I heard a while ago where a system that inherently exploits others naturally motivates others to become more exploitative themselves.
That's just kind of a fucked up precedent to set imo. Like, actively policing hatespeech and stuff is fine, but now they're actively dictating when and where what hatespeech is allowed. Like, in this specific case I get why. But in general it sets a bit of a worrying precedent to me.
Also, wow what?
Ah I see.
That seems terrible but also like, why do y'all even have a system that creates multiple ID numbers for the same person?
How to tell everyone you're an idiot without telling them you're an idiot.
I really hope Russia loses because then people will finally start seeing the russian army for the outdated embarrassment it really is and stop going on about how amazing the russian army is.
No more salt for russia
I think people can just get used to that after a few years. The real problem with DST has always been in the fact that the clock had to get changed twice a year, throwing everyone's life off by a whole hour.
"All I'm saying is, give the kids guns." amazing, best take of the century.
It does make sense for a virus to evolve to be less deadly over time. Since the host staying alive is generally preferable for it aswell.
Aren't most russian conscripts also not only putting themselves but also their families at risk if they disobey orders or otherwise stir up trouble?
this sounds like the kind of stuff you hear conspiracy theorists rambling about.
Russia: *Bullies independent nations that border it.*
Independent nations that border it: *Join a defensive alliance.*
Gee, who could have seen that one coming?
Yeah but applying it to as broad of a subject as 'arguing on the internet' seems a little tone deaf.
"You don't want to be censored? Then just go censor yourself." Is what I'm getting from this particular bit in the thread.
A private corporation having similar power over something as a government seems pretty concerning to me. Like, that seems to come uncomfortably close to some cyberpunk dystopia stuff to me.
Honestly that just makes it worse to me.
On the one hand, very funny because fuck Russia.
On the other hand, kinda scary that a private corporation has the power to just do something like that.
yeah, new variants seem to also be getting less dangerous so overtime it might not be too bad to catch it anymore.
I've seen pictures of it pass by, but no mention of video.
I think Ukraine using cluster munitions on civilian areas is terrible and definitely shouldn't be excused. 
But I think it's important to keep in mind that while Ukraine is at fault for pulling the trigger in this case, it's really Russia's fault for even starting the war and forcing Ukraine into the kind of position where they had to make this kind of decision in the first place.
I mean, every other day is fine if you don't go outside much and atleast always shower on days you do go outside.
That's definitely worth a try. It's helped me a lot to plan stuff I really want/need to do ahead of time.
At some point I just kinda, force myself to sit down and put time into doing the thing I guess?
It can also help to plan a moment for doing the thing ahead of time and making sure your schedule is clear for it.
Yeah I've heard that has been happening a lot with their ground forces too. It's all just spontaneously lighting on fire. /s
If you're doing it for the fun of it. And you're having fun doing it. Doesn't that mean your time was well spent?
My problem with news site paywalls is that it's usually a subscription service. When I really just want to read that one article and be done with it.
It would be nice if sites also had an option to pay a small amount for access to that one article and that's it.
Always assume that any English speaking person on the internet is also American.
Like, apparently they think they understand human emotion and the many ways it is expressed well enough to teach an AI how to do it?
It also just kinda seems... fundamentally arrogant?
And also ableist towards ND people, yikes.
This has to be a satire site that got taken too seriously, right?
It's also just a lack of a 'gun culture', owning and regularly shooting guns is just not viewed as a regular thing to do here.
Yeah but one time expenses don't look as bad to investors as a permanent dip in profits.
People who are self proclaimed centrists tend to be very dedicated to remaining apathetic to any problem that requires meaningful change. That's my only real problem with that ideology tbh.
Well, I may not be american, but I'll gladly join in on the fun :)
Is it bad that I'm kinda looking forward to whatever memes that courtcase will spawn?
They only care about children when they aren't born yet.
like these
Yeah at that point you may want to resort to something like those bigass bike bags
damn how big are these boxes?
those boxes can totally hang over the edge quite a bit
this basically
some bikes come with a small rack for putting cargo on on the steering wheel (though you do need something to secure the cargo in place with). or just put it on the one on the back instead.
Besides, with just a little bit of creativity you can put a ton of stuff on a regular bike too.
Yeah if you usually just have a normal sized bag a simple bike works fine too.
They're like, an ancient staple here in the Netherlands
Oh! Bakfietsen! I love those!
horrible
fr?
communism is just when you do anything not capitalist /s
No wait sry, it was a Hyperloop thing in California.
iirc, wasn't there this whole thing a while back about how it got leaked that apparently the Boring Company's projects in Vegas were mainly just an underhanded way to take away funding from a public train infrastructure project?
I mean, it would be at the very least distressful
I do believe some amount of humanity will find a way to survive through a nuclear winter tbh. Unless we like, really tried to make sure everyone got nuked equally.
Like yeah, it will be horrible. Our civilization will be gone. But humanity as a species will probably survive somehow.
Well if we all stopped threatening to blow up eachother we could put these nukes to a much better use. Such as blowing up the moon, together. /s
I really wish these global military powers would stop threatening eachother with the total annihilation of life as we know for like... a day atleast.
I am unironically starting to suspect that peta is low-key actually anarcho primitivist. Which is both equal parts horrifying and hilarious.
Wouldn't it better to not kick Russia out of the UN so that it can be used as another way through which to give them pushback for their fascist imperialism?
I mean, usually ambassadors act as a representative of a country's government right? So it's pretty safe to say that this person's stance is supposed to represent the government as a whole imo.
Possibly even both
I have played Warframe for about 4 Lizz Truss as PM of UK's.
techbros don't care about harm. They're usually also the types who look at dystopian sci-fi settings and think it's cool and we should have that.
AI art could be done well if legislation to limit it's harm was implemented fast. But I doubt that this will happen in time.
Yeah, current iterations of AI art generators are just hyperefficient art-theft imo
I do remember seeing something a while back where someone was working with some kind of art program that had a brush which worked through ai art generation. So you'd prompt it with "waterfall" and the brush would try to work a waterfall into where you moved it. That seemed really cool to me without like, devaluing the process of artistic expression.
Yeah that would be cool. It's probably not how it will end up being used tho.
Really the posterchild of failing upward huh?
It's almost impressive.
Yeah I'm aware but just... holy shit. You think you've seen the worst of this guy and he somehow manages to stoop even lower.
Did... did he try to equate code written to productivity?
Twitter will be funnier if Elon for some reason refuses to sell it and ends up destroying the site entirely tho.
I think Elon has been in over his head for a long time already now. This time it's just way more publically visible than normal so the blowback is way worse.
Honestly, I'm starting to think Kanye is more just a victim of political extremists taking advantage of his wealth and fame to spread their message more than anything.
Definitely doesn't make what he's been doing/saying okay, but still.
Most of the time when I see a thread, I just leave.
An actually good change for once. That's a surprise.
Isn't Kanye like, actually profesionally diagnosed with bipolar? Iirc he's mentioned before how he's stopped taking his meds and stuff because of some anti-semitic reason I don't feel like repeating. And around a while after a stopped with his meds he started getting as extreme as he is now.
Like, nothing that requires a lot of attention immediately.
At this point I think Twitter is only still going because no major issues have popped up yet.
Maybe they just got lucky with the timing?
I mean, Tesla cars do seem to have a higher than average tendency to burst into flames compared to your average electric vehicle made by other manufacturers.
They could have just used those instead of stealing from an uncountable number of people,
Aren't there like, specific databases online of royalty free media for all kinds of different art things?
It's not a law of nature, and it can be changed.
Okay but you keep stating that like it's an immutable fact when it's not.
Yeah, arguably your labor is just as important to the company as the boss's management. And you have as much skin in the game because being out of a job creates problems for you too. So it's important for you to be able to tell if the company is wasting excessive amounts of money that could go towards creating job security and spending it on some dude's third yacht.
That's a proven fact
This is why all workplaces should be democratized.
I guess that's the right term?
I think Broom is the one applying idealism here, only it's like... negative idealism?
Humanity isn't inherently evil and shouldn't be treated as such.
imo, destroying a tool of oppression trumps some people's discomfort about sharing how rich they are/aren't.
There's no way this is real, right?
I remember hearing about how for trans people, on average the ||rate of suicidality|| is actually lower post-transition, compared to the average cis-person.
I appreciate the "AI" being in quotation marks. Because whatever the fuck we currently got, it's getting more and more apparent to me that calling it AI is not appropriate to the meaning of the term.
I can second that. I'm on another server that once had a politics channel and then got rid of it. Now the politics discussions just happen in the memes channel and general.
What? Are they making the interior out of pillows?
ngl, I'm mostly just glad he was the one paying for his negligence and not someone else in the room with him.
Terrible 😔
Just because someone came up with a fancy name for it?
Metaverses have been a thing for ages already. Why are people suddenly acting like it's something new?
Looking at some stuff being said about it on MAL I'm guessing the previously released teasers have all been really poorly received for some reason?
Homunculus?
It does have attack animations that fill up almost your entire screen and make it hard to aim them but that's about all I really know.
see?
A surprising amount of people actually.
Yeah same here. And the way they move in the previews of the combat I've seen didn't really have that mech feel either.
It kinda just looks like Overwatch but worse though.
Just finished Executioner ep1, very pleasantly surprised to hear Mili in the op at the end.
Well, atleast they didn't tell him to keep overworking himself...
They're nice every once in a while yeah
Like, it's a dumb fun kind of story but it does it surprisingly well
Keijo actually has a surprisingly good story for the uhh... funky concept it has.
¯\\_(ツ)\_/¯
I mean, if that's your taste then that's your taste
you should just give it a score based on how much you enjoyed it, that's the most important aspect in the end after all
hmmm, I guess I'll skip on it for now then.
how gay is it?
So what I'm getting from this is that whoever writes Darth Maul for these shows is hard-carrying all the animated Star Wars series.
also one of the few anime I don't mind the dub of
aside from how uncomfortably horny it got at times for no good reason it was actually pretty fun
I only put stuff on my MAL that I really enjoyed so my ratings are very skewed to towards the high end because if it's like below a 7 I probably dropped it and never bothered to put on my list.
Like, you're just gonna throw that out there with 0 explanation? Hello?
That last bit at the end of this episode was like, just a really rude way to end an episode tho.
I have a few lower rated ones on there but that's only because they are sequels to stuff I did like a lot and really tried to watch.
Season 2 of Space battleship Yamato for example.
The vampire anime has also only started showing up on 'free' streaming sites after the western release afaik. 
If it was already airing in Japan then I would've expected it to already be popping up earlier with fansubs or something.
That's totally a chicken right?
Is that a crystal chicken?
I thought they meant like, 9 24 minute episodes...
ahh okay that makes more sense
How's that even going to work?
Oh wow they're turning 50 episodes into 9?
Is IBO getting a rerun?
I guess it has to go on my list of light novels I keep telling myself I will read one day 😔
I'm hoping we'll get more of it at some point. I want to see how they'll continue to grow as healers.
I think that worked great as a way to explore the relationship of AI with humanity on a larger scale while still sticking to the pov of a single character tho.
But you probably can't meaningfully tweak a story for an adaptation unless the original telling of it is completed so I guess that brings me back to my original point.
Which would mean an adaptation could actually be better than the original.
Yeah I guess the author having a chance to revisit their story to tweak it could do some good.
I mean, the story should be 1:1. But as a piece of media it's still an adaptation so there's going to be differences.
I just mean it doesn't have any filler arcs or skips over stuff that was in the source.
yeah...
1:1 adaptation can be just as good if not better. Provided the source material actually has an ending already.
I think I will need atleast a full year to process this
I see
This has shitpost energy
this is for real?
So basically, as long as the ost of this is good it'll be 50% of the way to being iconic
Yuki Hayashi is like the Hiroyuki Sawano of violin/other string arrangements.
Nah, IBO isn't really that edgy. It just has a lot of edgy fans. This ones actually just edgy.
Ah yes, gundam but needlessly edgy
Damn, I wish he'd followed through on that.
Oooh, I've been keeping up with the manga of that. Really hyped for an anime of it.
Is Fuuto Pi good to watch if I haven't watched any live action Tokusatsu shows or does it rely on the viewer being an established fan of the genre?
Oh damn sounds like MHA is having a major shift in tone.
I could make out a "2023" in the writing during the trailer so at the very worst it won't be more than a year and half away?
I dunno, It's been a while since I watched opm 2 but I remember that I dropped it not because of the bad animation but because the story just kinda felt like it had lost something.
Maybe that's what I'm thinking of and I'm just dumb?
I dunno, I think? Not sure tbh
Wasn't that already a thing a while ago?
yes
yeah, YuYuYu is exactly like Endro
If it doesn't happen it'll probably blow up later on.
There is atleast an 80% chance that that space colony in the background will blow up within the first three episodes of the show.
Surprisingly very low on the suffering (for named characters atleast) this episode actually.
Holy shit anybody else see the new episode of danmachi?
||I can't believe that Bell just got straight up merced like that.||
From what I've seen half the people are upset that the ending wasn't more explicitly yuri, and the other half are upset that the first half are upset.
I'm seriously considering just dropping the show for this but if you're saying there's more going on I'll be a bit more patient I guess.
Like, I just don't really get the point. ||This really felt like a well established character getting killed for nothing but shock value.||
Most recent episode of MuvLuv Alterntive... right at the end. Just... why?
Ah, ||I thought the two worlds were kinda like, set in stone timeline wise between the peaceful one and the Beta one. If there's more time fuckery abound I can be more accepting of stuff like this.||
They both kinda do, I'm guessing it's some compression problem or something like that.
It's like they flip a coin at the start of each production to decide whether they're going to make this one dogshit, or amazing.
I've been going through the older gundams recently and it's definitely interesting. Also if it helps, the og Gundam and Zeta both have a series of compilation movies if you'd rather watch a shortened cut together version instead of 50 episodes.
Yeah, I do feel like at the very least they deliberately put that together in a way that makes the viewer secondguess themselves about whether or not they did.
||Like, almost right after he has a conversation with the robed guy where it seems to suggest he still doesn't know how that works?
And later in the episode when he meets her descendant she says that her mother got pregnant at 17? (which is still too young imo, so still weird, but couldn't have been the protag if that was the case).||
I was really confused at first too tho.
No I think from stuff later in the episode it became clear that he didn't?
Yeah but did he just make a new one, or was it more like a theseus's gundam os kind of deal?
Doesn't he more just like, give it a ton of upgrades?
The new G-Witch episode... ||So like... do we officially have a gundam show with straight bait now?||
Bocchi the Rock doesn't just have great animation either. The sound team working on the show is also amazing. Like with the most recent episode where you could actually hear the mistakes the band was making in their song. They actually recorded an intentionally bad version of the song for the episode. The only other anime I know of doing this has been symphogear.
||This moment felt painful to watch. Like, kinda seemed like some kind of brainwashing or conditioning took over.||
Atleast we know ahead of time so it's not a constant wait and see every week. That's always so frustrating
It's her :)
The animation and artstyle look very generic and basic imo. But I've heard good things about the source so here's hoping the story will carry it.
Yes
I am refreshing my preferred website like every 5 minutes to see when it finally shows up. Where did you all see it?
Yeah in general that was done well. But like, I'm just talking about that one specific detail they added. So I dunno why you're suddenly making it about the entire thing.
||The anime is being more 'tell' about it than the manga tho.||
||Not really, she was her brother's fiancee at the time before that got broken off. It'd not be a stretch to think they already were aware of each other's existence. Also that panel's image is Euphy's imagination, but the line itself is very much not so. Reading back I can see how that might make more sense to put into the second or third episode tho.||
I didn't really like how ||they apparently decided to set it up so that Anis already knew Euphy from when she was younger? When that could end up completely recontextualizing their dynamic. I'm also concerned about how they have already pointed out multiple times that Anis gave up her claim to the throne, without it referencing that iconic panel. Like I really hope they're not going to try and erase the queerness from the story, but the first episode did things it didn't need to do that might suggest it going in that direction.||
ahhh, yeah the place I use doesn't upload raws so that explains the delay.
The new GWitch episode... ohmygod. I think that moment Gundam fans kept saying would happen where shit would go down has finally happened.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/462761852087173120/926473280217571348/Really_now.mp4
Oh, nice
I'm assuming it's like most of these 'reborn but keep my memories' stories where they speedrun through one or two episode worth of context and stuff and then the actual story starts?
In the *REAL* dutch from the Netherlands it also doesn't read as such.
Yeah it's really good, especially the bit that starts at 3:30 just hits different.
Are there... *boing* sound effects in that one?
https://youtu.be/NvDicWZa_rE this one's pretty good too.
E7 has great music all around. I like some of the funkier ones that are in there especially.
