dess_$
dess_timely
(But I presume it's similar)
(Don't really go into <#458060276550336522> all that much, so I'm not as sure as to what goes on there)
And for a lot of stuff in <#357682999300718592> specifically, discussion is how people learn what they need to do better.
Discussion is good.
And then people discuss it.
Regularly, even.
Yeah, those two mentioned channels do get stuff posted in them.
or, left
swipe right
click it and it brings up a list of pins for the channel you're in
Assuming you're on desktop, it's the pin button

“For you, it must seem like an odd computer bug. But truth is....the channel was like that from the start.” 🔫
Weird
So you sometimes get tiddies there
It always has been.
It’s a NSFW channel
Yes.
(I'm being sarcastic)
or has the XDU section of the server so split from the rest of it that it needs a place they can talk without leaving the XDU zone?
Isn't that just <#336297387863703552>
occasionally
once in a while
sucks to be them there's some fun stufff
Noted.
It is me.
Hey.
It borrows mecha styles/looks, but that's aesthetic only.
Mecha is something it's really not.
t h a t
It's a magical girl show in the same sense that Nanoha is a magical girl show.
Ironically while I like Yuki Yuna, I think that it suffers for simply _being_ a post-Madoka show, and has to be judged knowing that.
So much shit that it didn't do.
Oh god MGRP
The worst thing to happen to magical girl shows.
Ah, Madoka.
It was always burning
Eh.
-says the Carol.....brown?-
Indeed.
Ukraine, I think.
oh my god
>prophet of 4e

holy shit someone else who liked it
<:KirikaFish:717138469381734471>
<:KirikaFish:717138469381734471>
have fun
<:KirikaFish:717138469381734471>
<:KirikaFish:717138469381734471>
Welcome on board
the fish welcomes you
<:KirikaFish:717138469381734471>
Welcome before the fish
<:KirikaFish:717138469381734471>
The fish welcomes you
<:KirikaFish:717138469381734471>
Our bonds are forever
<:KirikaFish:717138469381734471>
and they are all our friends
we are all the friends of fish
Ah. The legendary Anime Style
Her style is SWORD
I'm thinking that's Alice & Zoroku at the very least.
>Napoleon

Oh I remember this
spaghetti
The one thing in her life that she truly loves
Does it have a "make a magical girl" function or did you just do four separate images?
pretty sure that's a 2hu
Otherwise it was mediocre at best.
Zi-O was good when it wasn't trying to suck off to previous shows and did its own thing.
good luck
"Oh hey, let's have a Rider powered by solar energy"
"So how do they beat him? Maybe they get the Another Rider for the Rider whose Kick involves summoning night and the moon?"
"nah they just beat him up real hard"
Ginga didn't even have their presence make sense in the context of the two-parter they appeared in.
fuck Ginga
Shinobi was interesting, Quiz was bleh, Kikai was....not actually the focus of those episodes in any real sense.
hmm
uh
but I guess that's today
`what the bionicle frick does boob line means?`

honestly not the context I'd have ever expected to see "bionicle" used it
White hair on the right is the better visual here, since she's wearing a single shirt
Flying Witch example

(commentary/criticism is welcome I suppose)
whatever, reposting in the right channel
Which became relevant exactly in time for that to be exploited for murdering civilians.
(generally speaking)
Whereas beam swords and lasers tend to either just blow stuff up or leave nice and clean holes/cuts
`IBO's heavy usage of physical weapons is great
sure a beam sword is cool
but there's something amazing about a giant robot swinging around a giant sword`

Impact. A beam sword doesn't have the same sense of weight behind it as a giant hunk of metal, especially with how IBO wasn't shy about having the mechs get crumped, dented, and otherwise beaten up during fights.
I was being sarcastic/self-depricating
yes I know
I'm trying to remember where that head came from
Eternal loli
The colors there throw me off a lot.
Except the other way around I guess.
......this is Connla.
I'd say she gets Gungnir because relic-infused genes but that doesn't work anymore, does it.
Puts Genghis Khan to shame.
Shirabe dead, Kirika basically catonic from grief constantly.
RIP Tsubasa
Yeah but that just adds to whatever existing beef she had after she finds out that Bikki is the opponent of the....I dunno, gang? that she joined up with.
I'd say sunspawn gets a Relic somehow and basically moonlights as a superhero or is somehow drawn into a group that conflicts with S.O.N.G. and doesn't know she's against her dad, at least at first.
No but seriously there's no scythe-looking weapon in MHW?
Wait for Gore Magala to show up.
Eh.
Those Monster Hunter Gears are my jam.
Though half of them are also happily spoken for.
Lucky her that most of her opponents are gayer than a rainbow.
There might be a Dual Blade skin somewhere that looks like fists.
Closest is maybe....Insect Glaive?
No real spear weapon, though.
Dual Blades is probably the most accurate at least some of the time.
Maria has defensive maneuvers, but doesn't really use them in tandem with another weapon.
Maria could honestly be just about anything.
LS makes it easy enough to be Tsubasa.
I don't even know what the plot would be.
Tripped and fell because she couldn't see.
Carol made the Autoscorers to try and help cope with her trauma. They collectively decide that Hibiki is the kind of person who can help Carol and shanghai her into the "therapy".
Do it do it doi
I can't help but see that as rabbit ears.
...it it a jet engine Bikki or something else?
What Bikki  is that?
I'd personally settle for an XDU having writers that aren't afraid to do crazy stuff.
If XDU wasn't ass, then she probably would have her own song yeah.
>implying that Yui turns into Chris

Hooooo boy
>says the reactions were gold
>doesn't show the reactions
I'm a bit sad we didn't get to see the overclocked gears break out of that cracked Berserk look.
Tsukihime 2 when
Because that's some risky chesticles right there.
Boots or Boobs?
Where's that from?
Damn you Being X!
_Prepare for Nepfall_
Oh hey Oryo
What's with all the ice skaters recently?
Might just be all the anime faces blurring together, though.
That girl looks familiar for some reason.
Compared to the anime adaptations that are at best not really meant for people new to the franchise?
It's the only good way
_do it_
_read the VN you nerds_
If Gen's any indication ginger hair is in the family's genes somewhere.
Hair color probably tends toward Maria.
In her throat, duh.
I think?
But for the Genjuro one, Police Story?
Sorry, Testament.
....that's the AXZ opening so Exterminate?
https://i.gyazo.com/102df3982d9d974c868cba4cb2e3b233.jpg
Even if it's assisted, she still has the skillset.
The training montage thing in the AXZ opening shows her roller-skating so yeah.
Tsubasa would be pretty good at it as well.
"You can stand level on high speed missiles and helicopters engaged in combat maneuvering, _how are you so bad at skating?_"
_WordArt_
I've already read Lord of the Flies though.
That would be more interesting than 90% of XDU, even if "superpowered battle royale" is also a super tired anime plot.
>Miku's summer Gear involves this Hunting Horn-type thing

Oh my god it's a _Mirror_ why is it like that
>not eternal loli
_Kill the beast! Cut his throat! Spill his blood!_
That last one looks almost Pokemon.
Princess Tutu?
A name which is actually pretty close to what a YGO card might be.
She's the Des Magician Girl.
You might need to link it.
>implying Yusaku is that good with girls or indeed people in general.
I remember trying to read it on Crunchyroll but it was some Engrish-level translation shit and I couldn't even get through one chapter.
Oh it's the manga with the god-awful Crunchyroll translation.
And/or where is it from?
Who is that?
RIP
I'm waiting for an artist friend to open up commissions again so I can get something more unique, but that's a long-term thing.
I have a boring background.
https://i.pinimg.com/236x/b7/50/08/b7500885b6b457d7c7f346ab863b99af--backgrounds-for-iphone-abstract-backgrounds.jpg
I wouldn't mind wearing any of these IRL except maybe Kirika's because of that forehead thing.
Or order them custom.
You'd have to custom make them.
An office skirt like Chris is wearing would be hard to kick in.
I mean maybe she just doesn't skirt.
Gear Noise Hunter AU featuring having to kill Noise carrying fragments of Relics to get enough fragments to make a Gear.
da Vinci also explicitly chose to manifest as a girl when summoned as a Servant.
Astolfo is canon male, albeit bisexual and with a love for dressing up and being cute.
BOTH WAYS
It's OK he never had kids.
Warrior Cats crossover....?
One of those is not like the others, one of those just doesn't belong
I'm not sure who else it would be.
Pretty sure that's it yeah.
_why_
Oh my god the Airgatlem waveforms have Maria's dagger in them.
>Blues Brothers

Ah, someone has good taste.
I wondered
Did.....did you find that reaction image recently?
Those look like art from a mobage.
It'd also provide a very large number of possible reasons why her parents are dead.
Making Chris like...half spirit or something would be an interesting way to interpret her American/Japanese thing, I guess?
Then I have no idea.
But I don't really know.
I want to say Memoria?
I think we've had them for a while but yeah they're cool.
You tease this super interesting "secret identity" dance shtick between the two of them and then do 100% nothing with it.
God fuck VRAINS
Have they even been in the same place outside of school since S2 started?
If they _ever interacted_
That's the only way it could work.
If it crossed over with GFL, that would mean that whatever GFL's story/scenario is, _it would exist in the Nasuverse_.
If FGO does a crossover _in_ FGO then it has to be done in such a way that the other franchise slots in neatly with the Nasuverse as a whole, since everything in GO is canon.
_Arcle noises_
That Carol one looks LWA as hell.
That would be correct yes.
I've seen it before and I can't recognize the characters.
Where is that wedding one from?
Top gay
Wait so would Shirabe or Kirika be the one with the ghost types?
If you mean upper left.
....that's Chris.
Kanade's hair is pretty impressive.
So I think it's just the Gears with different hairstyles?
Bottom left matches Tsubasa as well
Upper right is the same for Kanade.
Upper left has Chris' hair and eye color.
Hibiki has yellow eyes.
Can't be that.
Both?
Hair colors?
Are these the Gears with different hairstyles?
Wait what _are_ these
I have so many conflicting feelings about this.
Left two I recognize but who are the others?
-checks- Oh that's a Neptunia game.
Ok so Symphogear/Kagerou Project was not the crossover I expected to see today, but I'm happy it exists.
Someone posted a twitter link to fanart of it.
Scroll up.
......<#336297808221044736>.....?
The Nekos are a Melty Blood thing, for instance.
Nah it's pretty half-half with Tsukihime stuff.
And that half is still the best Fate anime.
It's half Fate.
And it's peak Nasu anime.
Also you're wrong on separate objective reasons because while Emiya Gohan is the second place true Fate adaptation, Carnival Phantasm exists.
I also don't think it's very funny.
I think it ran headfirst into the problem that abridged series these days are tripping over - that it's just trying to retell the plot of the original while forgetting the "abridged" part.
I don't actually like that Abridged series very much.
Runner up.
Actually no.
It is the one true Fate anime adaptation.
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/336297674707828747/533118533911969824/49609867_2022765157761450_6745812026079051776_n.png
Hmmm
Flip Flappers.
It makes Symphogear look straight.
_yes_
The latest event is vampires, huh?
But she's always on the wheel!
plz no
Shortstack
There was a keyword about that in GX somewhere?
I'm pretty sure that's explicit.
I ship it. 😛
Chris x Stephan
Where everything is a mispronounced syllable away from sexual harassment.
That's like...super underselling her size tho. 😛
MALK
_JOKER_
_CYCLONE_
That's a lot of Precure
_Maybe_
It's applying multiplication/division logic to subtraction.
Maybe.
10-9 is 1, so you put that in the 1s column, then you can't subtract 9 from the 8 left over so you put that one row over.
https://i.redd.it/tfhbepwkoaq21.jpg
We can use more
Do it anyway
I swear I read something about it having an epilogue though
I thoguht that had ended.
https://twitter.com/jaga_mohu/status/1113781607515578368
DMJii are for headpats, not food. 😐
Pikmin
https://twitter.com/HinokiNekoirazu/status/1133843983073914880
https://twitter.com/jeminiremu/status/1138472040627888129
Fun fact: That's actually Elfnein in a costume.
Ichival does.
Probably?
That's uncanny.
My first thought was Girls' Last Tour, actually.
But I don't recognize the crossover
It's Tsubasa and Kanade
I recognize Vulcan, but who’s on the left?
Yeah OK.
and money
Practice
Also she's highway certified.
And to crash something intentionally you first have to know how to _not_ crash it.
But Tsubasa _intentionally_ crashes those bikes
You say that
Miku
I found out because other people were going off over it.
I didn't know.
Color me surprised.
Ok so that _wasn't_ GFL
He can't learn anything, so he has to copy off of other people.
Adam is kinda like a Blue Mage, really.
"We tortured ourselves worse over our actions on a daily basis, this is weak-sauce." - Alchemist Trio, when asked why they were road-tripping through Hell.
My first thought: "Are they in hell?"
Why is Pit there
The main difference appears to be that Shamiko's issues are relatively straightforward and worn on her sleeve, while Momo's are deep-rooted in her backstory and implied PTSD while being hidden by her ability to appear well-adjusted (as long as you don't look too closely).
I mean the emotional focus seems to be on both of their self-confidence issues and how they're helping each other be better.
butterfly girl is _psycho_
Aaaaaa
What did they do?
Translation?
Tsubasa: "Why are we doing this?"
Hibiki: "Well, Teacher wanted to get a photo of us in this pose for some reason."
Chris: "Shut up and stay still, I'm about to slip."
Which, as Solo noted, is enhanced by being a fox girl and therefore having all the magical enchantment stuff associated.
Though the feeling isn't just limited to fox-girls, even if this specific instance is one.
That's true.
Super detailed eyes like that weird me out. Not in a bad way, but....it feels vaguely ominous.
oh no
Speaking of Halloween, did anyone ever translate/summarize any of that one event where Kirika/Hibiki got vampire hunter Gears in XDU?
I'm not even joking, that's how the weapon works.
You thrust it into monsters and blow your load inside of them.
Boom cannon
OH look it's Gaim
But Google Translate on my phone doesn't do vertical japanese text so I'm not sure.
I would assume it's something like Hibiki and Elfnein reacting with "huh that's cool" to the idea of a Geah Musou.
I'm actually expecting it to be a twist that she _was_ involved with them at some point.
See
Uh
Clearly we need to find someone who has watched it to settle this
I know OG Cure White/Black for sure.
But I understand that thanks to the anniversary they had a bunch of previous ones show up through the show?
I mean, I haven't watched it.
I  thought Hugtto crossed over with a bunch of series?
Well, 1/2 and 4/5
It could be worse
Yeah I found it on Twitter
if sometimes annoying
Google Reverse Image search is useful
turns out it was on Twitter
Nah
I was hoping Shirabe would be able to find the source
dammit

it might not be made to be gotten out of conventionally
well uh
Shem-Ha being bestgirl is an odd choice, but the ara ara energy is definitely there.
or future 2040s strapless bra technology
something something future 2040s boob support fabric
Is....he _alive_?
huh
that's
....._huh_
including friendship
Gentaro, the man who will befriend everything
I think she's a Relic Fusion with the Yantra Sarvaswa or something
I think America developed all the Anti-Noise stuff first in her world?
via unspecified means
her mom apparently fought noise with a Relic
She's from another AU
Bottom one looks a bit like a red-themed version of Shiki from KnK
The Ballad of Amou Kanade
OG Basa was a complete mess and responded to Hibiki with "you bitch you're taking Kanade away from me", whereas, IIRC, EdgeBikki Basa was more concerned with how Hibiki was going off on her own with zero backup/support
except more well-adjusted than OG Basa would have been, I think
Agito doesn't have the gem in the middle of the horns
Kuuga
Episode 1 of Yusha no Shou
hey
No scythe girl
see? only 4
Pretty sure she'd have been mentioned
You sure
😛
I don't remember her being there
I did
I don't recognize that character
Roland was a chonky boi
As compared to....most everyone else.
I like how Proto-Chris' casual outfit is virtually identical to the actual one she ended up with.
cool
....you do remember what happens in episode 1 of Yuusha arc, right?
I know _exactly_ what I'm doing
Dess is going to get there
the rare happy Yatsuhiro pic
Ch'en is a damn sexy design.
So her defensive skills can trigger faster
And restores skill points
One of the operators (Cliffheart) got infected after a rock-climbing accident exposed her to it.
expect being exposed to magic rocks (or the corpses of people who've died to it and ergo their bodies are mostly magic rock cancer) is a transmission vector
It's like magic rock cancer
Also why did Shirabe source the same image four times
That is not one of them.
We have many states.
No I'm in the US
`inb4 it obliterates the entire gem`

....by putting the soul back into the body, much to the Incubator's annoyance
I bet SSJ can purify soul gems
>implying that they wouldn't team up

I'm pretty sure the scarf would cover the scar, from that angle
The body, I'd assume.
If the metaphysics of the OVA are different, then I'm unaware of what they are.
I've only seen the anime
Embracing your Other, within the context of the show, would be representative of not repressing your personal problems.
To be fair
(I joke)
Ah yes that wholesome show about....-checks notes-...how repressing your personal problems gives you superpowers and sometimes results in parts of your personality getting erased from your mind.
Looks a bit like a villainous Shirabe
gottem
Chris would be in the girl in front
Where is her left leg?
_but there's only one leg shape_
Thanks to the leg shape
because it's obvious that's it's Maria in a mermaid sleeve
That looks really weird
I remember it because it's a girl's name.
Sakuya Fujitaka
Album for the full collection
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/80422771
This person is imagining a wild, wild Symphogear: Alternative universe with these
Mordred has green eyes
....pretty sure that's Siege in mordred costume, not the other way around
factually incorrect, he has a dick
What was the second event?
He had nothing to do with that
"....but at the same time I don't want them to cut down on the extreme and only deliver safe things. I mean, that wouldn't be very Symphogear."

daaaamn
found it
`"Can I... submit an event draft? You won't get mad?" Leaving the details of whether or not a conversation like that actually happened aside. My wish has been granted and I'm once again part of XDU as something other than Supervisior, the last time being 3.5 when the game had only recently launched. Being put in charge of an event draft, I started thinking about the approach and meaning behind my actions that I as the original creator should take. The answer that came to me was Hibiki's friends- This is a story shining the spotlight on those three from a parallel world. Normally I tend to not put messages right into my writing, but this time one is in there pretty firmly. However, that message isn't for you, the players... It's for everyone on the XDU development team, working hard on it. The appeal of XDU are all the things that would have been "forbidden" in the main anime, and further affirmation of the characters through variation.(And Gigan shows up too) Of course, as the original creator I want them to treat the anime and it's fans with care, but at the same time I don't want them to cut down on the extreme and only deliver safe things. I mean, that wouldn't be very Symphogear. With this event I as the original creator have stepped into a region that has been mostly turned out to be considered inviolable. If I had to say it like Tsubasa, it would be "To carve a path". That unreasonable,excessive, and reckless act, Will create a history(XDU) with the light(Symphogear) God(myself) could not know. I hope it'll be of assistance.`
He said something like "how Symphogear is about pushing boundaries and he wanted to do that with this writing and he hoped the writing team would do as well"
Yeah
And in none of them are any of the characters using a different Symphogear
Are you saying that Astolfo isn't a paragon of masculinity normally?
AlterChris and AlterBasa: _exist_
EdgeBikki: "Do that at home."
that's TaJaDor though
TA TO BA TATOBA TATOBA
appropriate
huh


You're right and now I'm ashamed because I should have recognized that
Ah yes
>Kirika playing Minecraft
seems correct
huh
>Hibiki playing what looks like a Souls-like
So it's probably on Twitter somewhere, tbh
which, of course, doesn't attribute the source
Only place that I can find it quickly on is a Facebook fanpage
I just think it's misspelled because Kanade wasn't great at English
I mean
jury's still out until the next episode or two if that's a good thing
she's going to be doing something alright
judging by the latest episode
Well
_no_
How about Tifa Hibiki
https://twitter.com/gutalalaman/status/1255991711953817600
The previous bit to the one just above this
https://twitter.com/jampan0823/status/1255893098762137602
So, that's like 6-7 inches?
Hoshi's 184
She's 168
Silence also calls Saria responsible for Ifrit's "creation" and feels that Ifrit and Saria meeting would be bad, though it's unclear for what reasons.
Sure, but her profile calls out that her various traits are extremely unlike any other Sarkaz Rhodes Island has seen.
Ifrit is _probably_ a Sarkaz - a dragon person - but her biology is so spectacularly fucked up that it's a best-fit guess more than anything.
Ifrit being the only known surviving test subject.
I mean, Saria and Silence were part of the research team that produced Ifrit.
14
Blair is like
_oh_ that one
Miku: -suddenly wearing 5 hair ribbons at the same time-
....and into bed.
AU!Basa having the ai hair sparkle decs is I think a large chunk of why she looks weird to me in that picture
Short-hair basa is a little weirdd here?
Oh man that's pretty good
nice
"Wait how do you know what the fries here are like"
"when you've eaten as much food as I have, you learn to pick up on what's good and what's not. Also I looked in the kitchen to see how they make them"
https://www.webtoons.com/en/challenge/i-want-to-be-a-cute-anime-girl/list?title_no=349416&page=1
Hibiki: _enthusiastically nodding off-screen_
Miku is part of that 9 gear team
I mean
I mean, the Kanade one is fanart
There's a particular scene in Apocrypha where Jeanne, under the impression that Asolfo is a her biologically, walks in on him in the bathroom, which the narration calls a "critical misunderstanding". Characters present later wonder how she wouldn't have known that, given that she has a skill that's about seeing other Servant's character sheets.
To Astolfo's behavior, I mean.
Yeah.
Male
Oh god
Tsun deep, Tsun hard
buff as hell
Becuase that 100% looks like Cags' dress, but with a longer skirt
Did she take fashion tips from Cags?
Hibiki: I DON"T WANT TO
Tsubasa: TOO BAD, IT"S ALREADY IN _YOU_

And then Hibiki was the Relic
Shem-Ha???
but uh
Saria from Arknights
DMJii's two moms
Do they post on Pixiv?
Since they had functionally the same hair color when they were smol
I've always wondered if Ange would have been blonde had she not switched.
SFW but that _is_ a collar
Gives her actual covering, _and_ gives some prime absolute territory.
Give her some hot pants and then thigh-high socks
plot twist: that's not her actual gear, she just made a costume version
Reminds Elfnein, I mean
Because it reminds her of Carol's braid
Tomosato does it for her
but yeah
AXZ minis
Also on a server that's like 99% english content, "it's not a slur in X language!" is a pretty poor argument.
Question is if this is going to be part of a larger image
Well
The other is the hard one, that she uses when she wants the message clear and final.
One’s the soft one, that she uses when she’s trying to be nice about it or reach a positive outcome.
Mob boss Kanade and her two Fists.
If they didn't want to get drunk, they shouldn't have drunk the beer
>Tsubasa, Kamen Rider Blade

As if Blades wouldn't be a better fit
😮
She's already at Solo's location
Shemmy's location is in all of our hearts
Oh _neat_
Grass Cyndaquil is just Shaymin
having friends
Alternately
the nuclear Chris
Ah yes

the heresy
>Double isn't Kirika and Shirabe combined
The Rider season that matches up with Gear the best would be Wizard, I think.
Hibiki isn't really empty of desire, unfortunately.
😛
and then Kanade immediately goes insane with power because she's not an empty shell of a person with no desire
Stephan drove the truck, presumably because of the four people in the van at the time he's the only one who knows where the hell the factory they were going to was.
For estimating
Not exactly, but it's always close enough
a yen is functionally a penny
2 bucks, basically
If you follow the Pixiv link
Yeah there's a link in the description of the images I posted
Research suggests they come from (or are for) a doujin book with a bunch of alt-gear designs.
I don't think it's based off of anything in specific?




I've seen some stuff like that around.
With the latest prompt
How fortuitous
Dude really _didn't_ have any good traits
Yeah uh
And then he did all of nothing in Geiz Majesty
`his appearances after Faiz (except Zi-O) are garbage.`

Bullshit, they forced Kusaka and Takumi to have a "friendship" thing going to fit the themes of Fourze they did at the same time.
<@!676272618839605249> -shrugs- I just downloaded all the pictures off of Pixiv, tbh

Modern lit
-considers-
maybe a documentary
I can't think of any big sky-diving scenes aside from that
that one scene from the Godzilla movie
Like, I dunno
Genjuro showed them a movie
It is the same body tho
I'd ask "isn't that incest", but >gods
a lot of fanart doesn't show it
The scar is present
Basa 'bout to have a _bad_ time

FANG!

BITING SHARK!
BREAK DOWN.
Nana can still do the OPs
The idea of other countries developing their own Symphogears and sets of users, for instance.
Maria and Tsubasa doing international idol shit, Chris and Hibiki being the senpais to DMJii as they try to step up into the shoes of their now gone elders, etc.
Rather than one continuous story, split off into smaller projects?
I think that honestly it should have been a like.....spin-off stuff post-G?
I'm  betting it's immediately after Chris face-tanks the giant laser.
It looks like they're having a determined "what the fuck is the plan" thing.
They're still not smiling though.
Ah.
That being said, no they aren't.
Chris at no point in that shot in the PV closes her eyes.
Where is that from?
I still can't parse the supposed Zesshou melody in Hajimari no Babel.
I have no idea if this is accurate or not, I've no ear for music.
And overlayed a Zesshou singing on top of it to illustrate.
He apparently found the Swan Song melody in the OP.
No idea how I'd give them to you though.
-shrugs-
Maybe
Probalby
_I_ can rip them for you guys.
You'll have it.
Give it like...2 days.
It's 100% down for them to be doing it, yes.
So like
Shirley Temples are non-alcoholic.
Whatever applies to you
Or girl
Hey man, Juice Bar is a classic teen hangout. 😛
It's _something_
So like.
They did have that one male Precure.
I mean.
If Symphogear had the runtime of a shonen anime, then the host club that Ogawa's brother works at would be next door to Flower or something.
Like, for instance, basically everything about Ogawa
It's not like Symphogear doesn't already bury a lot of potentially plot-relevant shit in keywords outside the episodes anyway.
OH MY GOD
I mean it was their first encounter with him.
WHAT DOES G3FA STAND FOR
WHO IS THAT GUY
BUT STILL
KINDA
_FINE IS BACK_
ALSO
HOLY SHIT
THE S1 CALLBACK
IT"S SO FUCKING GOOD
I WAS SCREAMING
THAT TRANSFORMATION SEQUENCE
If you're in here and you haven't watched the episode you have only yourself to blame.
....is that his name?
Also it's definitely not Edgebikki
Then the full Philosopher's Stone showed up immediately afterwards.
No joke the first time I saw the transformation it did that heart-shimmer thing behind her, and I was all "wait what let me see that again", and so I rewound by a second or so to see it again.
And it's throwing me off.
I swear to god the coffin makes Godzilla/whale noises at times.
Tsubasa jumps up by 10 cm, then Maria by another 3.
Hibiki is 2 cm taller than Kirika.
Kirika is 2 cm taller than Chris
As of GX, anyway.
By 1 cm.
Shirabe's actually the shortest.
as of GX, anyway.
Kirika is 2 cm shorter than Hibiki.
The episode describes it as a spear that was used to check if Jesus had died (which is true), that was then passed down for generations and got Deicide powers because of the association with Jesus' death.
I mean.
Or maybe Longinus just had a Relic as his spear, no biggie.
yeah
He already sc-
Turned into a Relic somehow.
Which leads me back to my guess that it's _literally_ his arm.
We just don't have anywhere near enough knowledge to do more than speculate wildly.
So I agree that there _is_ a connection.
But it's apparently not _that_, just something close enough that they slapped the label on and called it a day.
Airgatlem is a prosthetic left arm in myth.
He lost his left arm.
I mean.
Look at his shoulder, for instance.
Color scheme and aesthetic are off - Enki's chest outfit looks more like a breastplate than anything?

Maria's right hand doesn't have any gauntlet on it, and her left looks closer to the Gungnir gauntlets than anything.
Either of them.
This does not look like Airgatlem's gauntlet, though.
Not what he's wearing.
If anything, I think Airgatlem is _his arm_
Because they don't.
And I don't get that.
But people have been saying that they look similar.
No.
Looks nothing like Airgatlem.
But the rest of his outfit?
_that_ I get.
Yes.
Maybe it's just me, but I don't see the supposed resemblance between what Enki was wearing and Airgatlem.
Of course, he could still be _around_
Enki is super dead.
If anyone in this show can do something that the gods themselves can't it's her.
Nah that's Hibiki.
Take back the future that the Custodians would take away?
Nothing to it but to wait and watch.
Mmm.
For whatever value that works out as.
But by Adam's words they left and are coming back.
Well yeah at least 1 death.
Or died.
I mean the Custodians went _somewhere_
Rather than any sort of inter-humanity thing.
Losing the words and time to talk to each other is probably referencing the Custodians and Humanity.
I mean, clearly there was buildup that made it necessary.
I doubt it was a preserved corpse thing the entire time.
It's also been a while and who knows what the arm had gone through.
Just a lot older.
Nah but if it is actually Enki's arm then it could still totally have been Nuada's prosthetic.
Amazing
Especially because unless there's some wild twist going on, Loginus' spear would have been a 100% ordinary metal/wood thing.
It's a bit of a stretch to say "greviously injured" and jump to "it was gungnir"
He also has his arm chopped off.
It probably doesn't matter.
Is Hibiki using Gungnir, or is she just using what's called Gungnir?
But the Philosophical Weapon bullshit means that there might not be a meaningful distinction.
And that was different from the Lance of Longinus.
It's _possible_, I think, that Odin still had a spear.
`In the end, the source was neither Hibiki or Gungnir. Rather it was the concept of Gungnir, its very existence having become warped after thousands of years through the power of words. It's different from the Symphogear, which uses the power of song, and rather is classified as a "Philosophical Armament."`
And that the Germans searched for it under the name Gungnir.

Yes.
So yeah he's on the Frontier.
I misremembered the hell out of the control room in S2 because of those things in the middle of the room.
Fuck it is the Frontier
They're the same.

no
fuck
Wait
Hang on while I find a way to upload the XV shot for comparison.
Frontier shot

No I mean the layout is different.
It didn't look like the Frontier's room.
I thought it was the moon.
The number clearly doesn't match what's threatening to happen on screen.
I mean this might be just like Ver's Nephilim Explosion count
FREEZERBURN
Credits named him, apparently.
Unless someone gave him a left arm again post-mortem.
Coffin body isn't Enki.
God this season is going to kill us with this shit
Not going to screenshot it because it's easy enough to see (G episode 11).
Also the corridor aesthetic is the same.
That's some...ominous lyrics
Also I'm pretty sure Chris' actual legal dad.
Since he's basically everyone's dad figure.
He'd be the person, yeah.
It'd be weird if she was the only one who got none.
Kirika really needs to have _some_ past
Zwei Wing Concert Disaster 2.0 holy _fuck_
Also god damn where was this kind of fucking ruthlessness last season with the Illuminati? They've spent exactly one episode doing shit and I'm already hella concerned about how far they'll go because they've demonstrated _zero_ lines they won't cross.
Or she needed the trauma to get _past_ Tsubasa.
Yeah.
Also _christ_ the blood and gore got turned up a _lot_
Holy shit this concert hall is fucking nuts
A RIVAL IDOL APPEARS - TIME FOR A BTTLE OF THE BANDS
Ah, I didn't really notice - probably the fault of my heretical 60fps interpolator smoothing things out.
C U T E
The art in this scene feels a little.....moe? Compared to usual? But it's so fucking cute holy shit
>no concert sequence in episode 1

"oh well it was an awesome episode"

>concert in Episode _2_
>_galaxy brain_
Pretty sure that's the same scorpion that they found in the ice last episode.
ALSO LOOK AT THESE  HIBIKI ARMS
Vampire, Frankenstein's Monster, Werewolf
I don't think we'll get a redemption arc for them, but I do think that whatever the fuck goes down in the second half will make the lengths they're going to make sense, if not excuse them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ii9Q59GAOoI - also the first few seconds of the OP gave me less-than-stellar flashbacks.
wow
Also: _seven_ stars
WHAT DO THE GASMASKS MEAN
With no warning
The Noise would have just yeeted through the ceiling.
It would have been even more of a surprise, then.
Nah.
Like what else can you possibly do against Noise?
I think the security is "There are two of our best Gear users _right there_ on stage"
During the second the bad shit was going down somewhere else.
Back in S1 only 1/2 of the concerts went wrong.
Technically no
Come on
Wearing those sunshades indoors, really?
You could tell that Maria was kinda just as stressed as Tsubasa, but in a different way.
I dunno.
Perhaps because the transformation feels longer?
It feels more so this time, though.
But at the same time.....eh.
It's still cool.
Like
I'd have appreciated Kirika's transformation if it wasn't so fanservice-laden?
Which would absolutely break her as well.
But yeah I was 100% expecting Tsubasa to suddenly snap out of it and realize she is _covered_ in blood.
You know, for a second there right when the Noise first showed up I thought Tsubasa was being forced to hallucinate them and would go nuts on stage fighting "noise" that weren't actually there.
yeah it wasn't the greatest flashback
right down to similar sounding music
(first 3-4 of this OP)
I mean the first 3-4 seconds are basically exactly the same as the first 3-4 seconds of the final Arc-V OP.
I can see it, but it might be a touch of a stretch.
Zoid points out on twitter that this looks a little like the top half of Airgatlem's gauntlet.
Dude you still have 11 episodes to get through.
JAM DONUT
DONUTS
ahahaha
The wireframe tower thing?
Where does Chernobyl show up in the OP?
It turns into fists
It's her scarf.
She's got two of those.
That's not a scorpion.
Yeah where in the OP?
No what

Speaking of S1 references
Zoid is having fun
Especially with the punching beam energy thing going off towards the moon.
I think that's the God Slayer Gold Mode
No?
Ergo, she can turn the scarf into more fists to reach out with.
She always has one.
She doesn't _have_ a scarf in that shot.
It's pretty clear to me it's the scarf.
I don't think it's a scorpion at all.
Yeah you can see the other arm
https://twitter.com/zoidzero1/status/1150171745355272193
yeah she was the one who asked "why can't we tell Hibiki we believe in her?"
Yeah she was around in t-
god watch a keyword confirm that they are the same person
The resemblence _is_ a thing though.
or something
She's like...10
That girl looks too young.
At most?
Yeah it's been like....a year and a half?

Not in GX.
I mean, we know that Tsubasa isn't Fine.
It fell
And, well
Roof of Heaven is the sky, yeah?
Sky, Heaven
The episode was titled "The Day The Sky Falls"
Roof of  Heaven.
HiTaYu
It's like peak  Hibiki
Honestly I don't know why anyone's surprised.
Her scarf turns into fists
It's going to be either Nijiro no Flugel, something completely new, or Symphogazer.
SURPRISE IT"S THE MOON CELL AND SHE"S AN AI
It makes it look like Fine's reaching out to the former members of 2DIV plus Hibiki too, as well.
You see everyone together, and then the lost fade away to leave the living behind.
The shots of people and who they've lost (DMJii - Ma'am, Chris - her parents, etc) work exactly as well backwards as they do forwards, huh.
Like, there's zero hint at whatever's going to happen in the second half of the season when shit really goes down.
Yeah....
Her having a completely seperate golden mode that's different from the previous golden mode seems a bit of a stretch.
Yeah same.
With the angel wings
No, because there's still the title silhouette form.
I mean, the golden form is just her God Slayer thing from the end of AXZ
Chris' birthday is OVA material
I like it, but I also wouldn't call it great.
YuYuYu is alright.
Since it'd be Tachibana Hibiki no Yuusha
TaHiYu
Or, actually
I'd put her as a few decades at most.
I mean she's probably not _that_ old.
But it seems like a (relatively) normal thing that's just for storing her combat tails
If it sprouted buzzsaws or something that'd be one thing.
It's not even a weapon in and of itself
It's amusing how she has to tote that suitcase around _everywhere_ though.
Definitely a wolf
Hibiki/Kirika combo
Watch it be brought back because it's the only way to kill the Custodians.
I hope that's not a passive effect yeah.
The benefits of training, I guess.
Except now she can just do that regularly.
Yeah it's part of her Zesshou from back then.
This one they actually _fire_ the disks
Full Throttle was more of a spinning disks on a stick sorta thing.
But it's close.
It's not the same.
BEYBLADE
I'd have to frame-by-frame to try and get a side shot and fuck that.
Wolf mouth thing
Then she swaps it out for....Nail? Pretty sure this is Nail
Here's a tail that appears to be defensive, covering her.
that is exactly what we've been saying
yes
Yeah the girl with bat wings and the Carmilla anagram name is _definitely not_ the vampire one.
Re-posting the first one, but it looks like the second tail Elsa uses in the OP is what she punches Kirika with when she reveals herself, but  _isn't_ the Nail she uses against Shirabe.
I saw that deleted message. 😛
Meta's blind.
shush
-pictures taken moments before disaster-
_OH_
oh
Oh
Also the not-mouth end of the wolf mouth tail thing she uses in the OP.
Two things I managed to pause the OP in the right places for - first, flashes of the other Gear colors when Golden Hibiki does the punch laser thing towards the moon.
Compared to the OP's mouth
And also looks more like a claw.
Nail has the design around the green gem.


Hey Kamen Rider/Gear fanfic
<@!137113218173632512>
`And at least XV fine keyword mentios a spear and a scythe or something like that and thats it`

Not really? 

```Although she was immortal, she died with a smile after a certain fist and scythe inspired her to give up her deep-seated convictions.```
And then later on during the Kirika/Shirabe fight.
I definitely gets mentioned when they go Zesshou against Hibiki.
It'd get repetitive.
Not all
Some of them.
Also there's the problem that a lot of JoJo is kinda shit?
200 is kinda a lot of episodes.
timelines are irrelevant
FotNS is a JoJo reference
shush
Fist of the North Star is a JoJo reference.
Not enough characters.
Wands/Staves as well
yea
I think I've seen Pentacles used sometimes
Five of coins, ten of Swords, etc
Like hearts/clubs/diamond/spades
They're suits
A vital clue one episode before they outright said it, and several minutes before the eyes thing (in the BluRay at least) just outright gives the game away without any subtlety.
Because those were some pretty rad gear designs.
Oh is that what that event's plot was?
You can also _create_ even more problems.
Of course
You can solve _everything_ with fanfic
Unless it contradicts something previously established, which the addition of Sonya doesn't.
I don't think expanding on a backstory that's previously been left undefined is a retcon.
They also note that she basically lost track of Sonya within like...a day of her parents dying.
```Generally speaking, Chris had grown up in a situation where her relations with other people were incredibly confined. Even when compared to Shirabe and Kirika, who grew up isolated in the FIS’s White Orphanage, and especially when compared to girls of her same age. Due to this, Chris has developed what would best be considered a type of “fear” when it comes to relations with other people. She has an inclination to be incredibly cautious when around others. 

When she met with Hibiki and the others, they extended their hands out to her and she considers her bonds with them to be very precious. However at the same time, when she reaches her own hand out to others she finds it very awkward and that fact casts a shadow on her heart. ```
```With the arrival of new students and new gear users younger than her, Chris found herself anguishing over a perceived need to fill the role of “senpai.” As she worried over this she would ask herself the same questions over and over in the hopes of coming up with an answer. However the answer was not to be found inside of her, and she came to realize that thanks to her younger peers who she had inadvertently ignored. 

Chris came to understand that being able to accept other people is a way of forming bonds with them. At that moment, she lost the conditioned “fear” she had of making relationships and the wall that isolated her from the rest of the world came tumbling down. 

And at the same time, she finally understood the feelings of her parents who wished for world peace through their songs.```
The keywords in GX explicitly call out that her episode thing was about having the "oh I can _trust_ them" realization and being able to reach out her hand to other people (aka DMJii at that moment).
Like.
Its effects on Chris have always been there?
Uh.
Nothing _changed_
I wouldn't call it a retcon.
But they haven't dealt with it and that's 110% fine.
The implication is still _existent_ and they haven't counteracted that.
I'm absolutely fine with them walking back from that and ignoring it.
we really don't _want_ them to be constantly reminding us that Chris was sexually abused as a kid.
An dlike
It's not "no that didn't happen" and more "we're not talking about that".
They just walked back from the implication and haven't really mentioned or talked about it.
Chris' wasn't even a retcon.
So I'd have to rebuild from scratch anyway.
Admittedly I also remember shit-all about the ideas I had.
Especially with all the actual backstory we're getting now.
Post-XV might shake out differently.
Though that was pre-AXZ the last time I seriously thought about it.
Because I absolutely have.
Solopy you think I _haven't_ tossed around a "Symphogear Ultimate" idea that fuses everything into a single ongoing narrative?
And come out with something that's a marriage of the two.
Mix the narratives around.
With 24 episodes they could probably fuse S1 and G together into a single season.
Only if you hate yourself probably
Just....Noise from the sky, and an arm through her chest
No warning, no foreshadowing.
It just _happens_
A lot of the tragedy is that it's _not_ set up.
That would be laying it a _bit_ thick, I think.
Laaaame
I see you got to _that_ part
Ah
Hormones are a bitch
And we've only see the Samurai noise as Alcanoise
Yeah.
OH SHIT SHE FINALLY SHOT IT
SEGWAY
But still, combo stuff
And it doesn't get an attack card.
Not quite as memetic as BEYBLADE
We also get more Zababa combo shit
Yeah, later.
Yeah Shirabe had the S1 callback, so it's the full version.
Same with Shirabe's.
A lot of stuff flickering by.
Chris' felt very fast
In that resisting it just stuns you for a moment
Also a bit more information on what the hell the Stained Gaze _does_
We don't have enough episodes for all of those to be independent villain groups.
There's got to be _some_ connections.
We have the Alchemists, Fudo, American, and the inevitable Custodian interrupt, plus whatever's going to happen with Miku for antagonistic forces.
Some kind of connection makes sense?
Where have you been putting your attention because they telegraphed it back at the end of AXZ.
If you didn't see something like this coming?
I mean.
Of course, they need to establish _some_ kind of baseline.
But it was still solidly good.
It didn't have the "what the fuck HOLY SHIT" moments.
Yeah.
CHRIS DID IT
GET FUCKED
ALSO SOMEONE WAS COMPLAINING ABOUT HOW THEY NEVER SHOOT THOSE TELEPORT CRYSTALS OUT OF THE ALCHEMIST HANDS
Tsubasa gets yelled at by Worst Dad
GET FUCKED TOPDAD
ALSO YEAH THAT
Chris' song is banger
And Kirika continues to be Kirika

Shirabe is cute
you're watching XV and you haven't seen AXZ?
wait what
Oh yeaaaaahhh
She _existed_
And....nothing else.
Pretty much all we know about her is that Fudou had sex with her to make Basa.
Her mom is non-existent so far.
Probably
Her mom
`taking bets next episode cliffhanger is miku being kidnapped`

no bet
But I find him fascinating.
Yeah, I don't _like_ him.
But, not the channel.
But it's interesting to see that A) as a character he's an expertly crafted hate sink such that no matter what someone else does to him, it never reflects badly on him because it's fucking Shinji he had it coming, while B) ultimately being just as much of a victim as his sister in terms of how much shit he had to deal with growing up. Albeit, he leaned _hard_ into being a shithead.
He absolutely 120% deserves what he gets.
I didn't say that he did.
(there's a reason why Shinji Matou is probably my favorite F/sn character because he is _fascinating_ as hell)
In any case, I believe you can empathize with someone and understand their motivations without forgiving or wiping away their actions.
(lifted from Zoid's blog)
`She often parades around as the villain, but only because she wants to keep her friend's hands from getting dirty as much as possible. Alternatively, when dealing with someone she doesn't consider a friend, she is capable of completely killing her emotions.`
But it bothers me to see people going "I cannot accept that she is capable of affection/caring for people because the first thing we saw her doing was murdering 5-digit quantities of people"
Assuming he ordered it, and the fact that she _did_ it are both monstrous actions.
Like.
It doesn't.
It's about being a _person_, not a fucking robot.
That isn't trying to negate or soften the first bit.
You can  be a monstrous killer of tens of thousands _and_ be a loving person trying to keep your family together.
So many stories would be a lot lesser if someone whose first on-screen action was "murder a lot of people" were _only_ defined by that one action and couldn't have additional character traits.
I mean.....just because someone does something unforgiveable such that you can't help but hate them doesn't mean that they're one-dimensional cackling villains?
You don't need to develop as a character to have depth.
Armados seems to be saying she hasn't gotten _development_, which is fair, but also distinct from being a multi-faceted person with depth.
If you don't want to be convinced, I'm not going to expend effort to try and do so.
I don't think you quite get what one-dimensional means, but sure.
Her caring for her family and the lengths to which she was pushing herself to try and get the blood they needed is character depth.
She literally just got more character depth this episode.
See, Nui from KlK
Those aren't mutually exclusive.
You can be a mass murderer and cute at the same time.
I mean, they are.
She's in her 20s, that means she's like effectively 50 right
Clearly.
People age fast in the idol lifestyle.
I'm like 90% he's probably a sword saint or something absurd.
Yeah probably
wedding dresses
Probably.
But now we  see the Vanessa gets them as well.
Elsa and Millaarc had them last episode.
All the Noble Reds seem to get those odd blue/purple veiny things on the sides of their faces when...stressed? Injured?
Huh.
AND SHE HAS BOOB MISSILES.
And they used the SG/Hibiki duet from the live! I love it.
Also Hibiki's new form is great.
In no particular order: 

Maria's henshin is sick, as is her song. 
Daedelus End is pretty cool, but I would have liked them to do more with the whole "super huge labyrinth" thing. 
Tsubasa had some _angry_ face shots there. 
Maria being reminded of something from that song the bracelet gave out? 110% it's Apple.
SING THE SONG OF REBELLION! SPREAD YOUR WINGS AND FLY!
But you can see the seams.
It's not _bad_
Since the edges of the bricks don't line up.
The sides look like someone pasted a flat texture on each plane.
HOW DO THE SQUARES MAKE A PYRAMID
Is it time to restart the debate of whether it's a laser or a railgun? 😛
So
Oh yeah Horizon Cannon cut this Noise in half.
Middle siblings dying for drama don't really happen all that much.
Which is why I think it's either Vanessa - the "oldest responsible sibling" or her.
Elza is definitely the "little kid" of the trio.
And pays the price.
And then Milaarc tries to punch above her power level.
Either Vanessa or Elsa is going to die, which sets off Milaarc.
Milaarc is going to be the second of the trio to die.
That's probably the authority he's invoking to make this happen.
Yeah.
And if he doesn't already, handwaving him finding out is easy.
It's 110% where the plots going.
I mean, whether or not he knows about Miku _now_ isn't really relevant.
'cause SONG is an international relief/disaster organization now, so a a purely Japanese politician having direct authority over them would be weird.
Yeah, but I'm not sure if that's actual direct authority or if Fudo just has that much sway that he has _effective_ authority.
_Does_ Gen, technically? Isn't SONG a UN-run thing since GX?
She and Hibiki are literally the only people who can put it on probably.
probably
Give the gauntlet to Miku
Kirika: "What do I do here?"
Cag: "I'm dead and said like 3 words to you, what do you expect me to offer here?"
Kirika: "Advice?"
Cag: "Punch them with lasers?"
Kirika: "I don't have those though!"
Cag: "Then just stab them then, you seem pretty good at that."
Kirika: "Yay!" -goes Super Dess-
thatsthejoke.jpg
Meanwhile, XDU
I dunno why people are still thinking SSJ when we have that bracelet _right there_
Yeah.
But it does mean that SSJ won't be.
Sure.
And it pretty  much got snuck past them to have it happen in the first place.
Also Kaneko or one of the directors don't like SSJ
But less emphatically.
My response is still "fuck you"
That's at least kind of plausible.
Ok
Why the hell would be team up with an obvious villain like Fudo.
Secondly, Ver is a hero.
He'd never do something like that.
Fudo singing is 100% against his character.
First of all
fuck you
We're lucky Chris and Maria didn't awaken to this power during the first two seasons.
The typical Symphogear first episode hype machine.
It was more of a vehicle for a bunch of cool looking action setpieces and sequences than anything.
Of course, those people are probably dead.
Unless she taught people that language.
Preparation is the difference between failure and success.
He might not have gone full buff.
I wonder if having Chris around to raise would have helped Gen work through Kanade's death or not.
Alternately, a return to normal if you want to be depressing about it.
In which case getting kidnapped again is many worries.
Unless you were Chris.
What about poor grape-kun
Fudo is going to personally murder _someone_ by the end of this.
I mean.
People can have sympathetic motivations for doing unsympathetic things, and I think that's what we're going for.
Instead of exploring _why_ she's doing what she's doing - which right now seems to be tied in with her protective instincts for her family and desire to do right by them.
I think people are hung up on "redemption" in terms of Milaarc becoming a good guy and being forgiven or something.
Yeah like
I mean.

'cause  Hibiki's going to be doing it
fist the moon
Excuse you
That's going to be a thing that'll go down.
And there's the joint Japan-US rocket mission?
Perhaps he thought that it would somehow trigger them to come back?
Adam was going on about the Custodians showing back up, and then we have a corpse of a Custodian with an active Relic attached to it, soooo
but what
I'm sorry
>low-key
>Dr. Ver
Which means that it's the Custodian corpse (and armband) inside of it that was the real problem he was prepping for.
Adam was a match for the gears in Ignite Mode, and the Gears beat the coffin without needing it.
Combat-wise.
The Coffin was chump change.

Tsubasa's henshin had some _really_ aesthetic shots
Especially because A) we don't know what Vanessa said, and B) Miku is 100% going to be rocking that bracelet at some point.
That's also an option yes
Oh huh
I thought it was Kanade, somehow.
Also goddamn girl that was a perfectly good building you just murdered
See here
I mean, Tsubasa has a lot of traditional japanese art in her attack cards.
'cause it's pretty
What the first one?

Fun easter eggs from Tsubasa's henshin
ELFNEIN SINGING
Also
And now I half expect her to be turning into vampire spawn or something.
Them explicitly _not_ showing what happened makes me wonder.
I wonder what's happened to Miku, though.
Welp that was an episode.
Yeeaaahhhh
Its what she's wearing during the OP
Noble Red hanging out inside Carol's house, though.
Everyone gets some Jiii
Her gear was entirely formed out of swords
Rather than wildly jumping to unsubstantiated conclusions.
Especially without proof.
I think he wants to think that his dad isn't going to intentionally create trouble _for_ Japan when his motivation has always been about _protecting_ Japan.
Yeah.
When she breaks the Stained Gaze thing.
We'll probably get the full thing later
Yeah.
Oh my god they used that _exact_ frame
I dunno if he means _literal_ sword
Gear has done fakeouts like this _all the time_
Then yes you are overthinking.
If your logic is "the fakeout is too obvious, therefore there must not be a fakeout" for _Gear_
No you're overthinking it.
No she really isn't no
The title is _right there_
Just Youtube it?
Tonka Tough
We have that already tho
Clearly
It was actually a briefcase filled with RH xxoil blood.
Nobody thinks she didn't.
They gattai into a minotaur and stalk the interior of the Labyrinth.
Biblically, speaking in tongues would be an example.
Xenoglossia - a phenomenon where someone speaks a language they shouldn't be able to.
There's probably a lot of delicate stuff in there that could be very bad if it goes off uncontrolled.
For which they'd need to reinforce or rebuild parts of it to keep it from falling apart.
Maybe it's less rebuilding and more careful disassembly.
That Airgatlem is just what they ended up calling something they couldn't actually identify.
We know, as viewers, that she's telling the truth.
I mean
The Ace-Killing Joker
He's not Carol.
And even if a clone somehow survives when Ogawa doesn't then he's not around to produce it anymore and it just goes away.
It's still a 50% chance
No
https://imgur.com/a/Rt0kXXC
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/431914167826382860/607285349718294704/mpv-shot0239.png

Fascinatingly, she didn't grow up.
nope
>Elfnein
AND A NEW SONG

AND HOLY SHIT I LOVE IT
A) This is wallpaper-tier cool here
I LOVE IT
EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENS HERE
I LOVE THIS
HOLY FUCK
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
That one shot of Garie in the elevator trying to point her finger and just....not quite making it
I mean, the Autoscorers were noticeably glitchy in terms of their movements.
Leiur probably did the least, partly as a result of having the least focus.
Not all of them a lot
They all talked.
Neither did I, I'd have to frame-by-frame to notice I think
Didn't catch that Micha's changed.
Huh
https://i.imgur.com/GoIpF8J.jpg
They're mimicking the cover art of the gears that killed them.
The Autoscorer poses during the henshin sequence?
https://twitter.com/angels_chiyo/status/1162767731642363904
WE"RE ALL HAVING THAT REACTION
WELCOME TO THE PARTy
The fucking GX callback music was amazing and I loved it
WITH A NEW SONG
You have time
Because if you're spending a few centuries planning out your omnicidal campaign of vengeance why not have backups?
Filled with like a dozen of them
A big-ass vault in her house somewhere
Like
Maybe she has backups
oh in this episode
It's explicitly noted that she _cannot_ harvest-
Like
She was the combat specialty
Uh
Baited them in close and then big boom
Micha played DMJii hard
Yeah.
Fair point, Micha we've probably seen full power
Who knows
Maybe they could have punched out with SG and crew?
So like
We never actually saw them go all out
Also yeah
Their additional body to make it a four-on-three might be the larger factor than skill/power.
I could see it either way
I think it'd be a fair fight
And might have fucking saved the day
And did everything they could
Oh they absolutely tried
So she's probably going to burn herself out protecting Elfnein and trying to save Miku or something
Carol's just memories now, right?
Yeah
WELCOME TO THE PARTY
"because someday it'll save  the world"
She has good grades
And then Chris unloads  Billion Maiden from her legs while both of Vanessa's arms are locked up
Gun violence _solved_
It'll just hit the finger and stop
100% definitely going to stop the bullet

FINGER IN THE GUN BARREL
Leiur and Phara first, then Micha, then Garie
Autoscorers died in reverse order
Oh, huh
Divine Power is still divine power
So I spent a good couple of minutes wonder who the fuck Mika was
My dumbass brain didn't make the connection until they spelled her name properly
I didn't even realize that Mika was meant to be Micha
But I'd have to frame-by-frame to catch it
Yeah it apparently changes!
But the Autoscorer ones got noticed already
The Carol one is new
Check the pins
Uh
Oh huh
She clearly doesn't have to for any real reason
Like
Also can we appreciate that Micha decided to just do her de-activated pose?
As Elfnein suspected.
But clearly there's still a bit of Carol left in there.
But she put Elfnein's memories into her.
It's Carol's body, in as much as "the latest clone" can be called Carol's.
I mean.
But we'll see what they whip out of their ass next week.
Which doesn't totally explain the Stained Gaze rejection.
Or something like that
Elfnein running on Carol's memories
But like
So I've basically just convinced myself that it's not _actually_ Carol proper.
Yeah and then later in the GX episode the body has Elfnein's eyes.
Especially because Carol's body switched over the Elfnein.
So their eye color _should_ be the same - the differently colored highlights is likely characterization stuff? Carol's eyes being 'hard' or something.
And we know Elfnein was originally a clone of Carol.
"Carol's" eyes in the latest episode.

Carol and Elfnein eye comparison, sourced from the last episode of GX
Even though logically yeah they should sound pretty similar
So does that mean that, deep down, Elfnein also thinks it's cool?
She clearly thinks it is.
But she's doing it anyway.
There are more tenuous reasons for shipping characters than that.
We haven't had anything with this much focus on one or more secondary characters before.
That's because the main cast _is_ the Gears
"Why are they alive what the fuck is going on?"
"who cares Elfnein and Miku are still fine we'll deal with them later"
"ok point but still what the fuck"
"yeah seriously what the shit"
Yeah at the very end
Both tonally and in terms of like....word choice?
Is it just me, or did Elfnein sound a lot like Hibiki, here?
Micha: -twitches fingers and rips them to shreds-
huh
Carol's Faust Robes also aged her up
Can't really say.
Alternately she's just a skinny little girl.
If Elfnein's ribs are showing right now, that's probably because of what Elfnein is doing now - overwork, possibly?
But that was multiple centuries and a lot of bodies ago
I mean, Carol probably didn't have a fantastic diet growing up
Closer shot
_"Rent's due, fuckers."_
Europe? canonically a shithole
America? Same problem
Who else _would_?
Good luck getting China to let them go find any that might exist
So yeah
I mean the larger problem is that those fragments, as you said, are probably buried around _China_ and SONG is for better or for worse strongly aligned with the Japan.
Maybe they are additional relics.
Maybe those are mundane replicas
But in-universe we don't know.
I mean, IRL? Yeah.
So RIP fancy cloaking tech I guess, it'd probably be useful for stuff like, I dunno, getting close to a god baby without being blasted.
And it got destroyed
Then Ver gave it to Miku
First they were using it for cloaking
They only ever had the one
Like
It went to Miku
The Gear SSJ was being repurposed for the cloak.
Yeah
Like the Nephushtan armor
If you had the complete Relic you could just use that
`There are people who like dogs, and there are people who like cats. Everybody is unique.`
A _long_ paragraph on Beef Stroganoff
`A simple treat and a simple reward.

It might be delicious, but the true reward is the fun of making it with the person you love.`
Hamburger
```
It
   still
          isn't
                  finished
                yet```
`or  just Kaneko memeing`

Homework.
The Fundamentals of Cuteness
It wouldn't be the first time Symphogear has faked us out
But I am
You joke
It's in the G soundtrack somewhere
It's....G?
Because I've looked up that exact soundtrack before.
I knew it was from the middle 3-ish
Yeah that's it.
But that's more of a consequence of the culture and the industry than anything.
I mean you're absolutely right in that Hibiki x Miku is never going to be "official".
OLD MAN POWER ACTIVATED
That'll be fun to see him react
Oh shit yeah
Genocide Harp is one of my favorite Gear songs ever and her new one is definitely near the top as well.
But now I'm wondering if maybe she's just that ridiculous naturally.
Burning memories or something.
So before this episode I would have said that she was doing some Alchemy bullshit to boost it.
So that's nice.
Carol might be around for good!
That being said
There's a lot of "what the fuck" going on here
You're going to have to be significantly more specific.
This episode _absolutely_ earned the honor of having the title for the name.
So much happened this episode HOLY SHIT
THIS EPISODE
HOLY SHIT
WHAT THE FUCK
WHAT THE FUCK
Look at that helmet, huh
Oh hey
Yeah
Because X-Drive isn't pidgeonholed into "kill it or die"
But X-Drive is superior unless you _really_ need that extra power
I'd say that Amalgam can _output_ higher offensive levels than X-Drive.
Well
Just blow them all up
She wasn't even really trying to do fancy stuff
Yeah
X-DRIVE IN EPISODE 8 WHERE ARE THEY GOING NOW
Side not
Without even Hibiki being around to channel it.
Since she can just as a matter of course output enough phonic gain to slam them into X-Drive.
I like how Carol's now officially just X-Drive in a can.
Then die
Watch episode 13
You'll never find out how it ends
If you die now
You can't afford to die now
There's 5 more weeks
don't
In the full transformed pose shot
Side note, that's SSJ's waveform behind her







Some choice screenshots
Doubling down on bad decisions?
Are Noble Red just FIS from G?
Wait
Both are good
Take your pick
Or he's not human
His eyes were glowing because it was dramatic, probably.
Watch Elfnein recruit Noble Red as minions now.
To focus on the one thing.
Definitely slowed down the screen time.
Oh yeah
Maria's Horizon Cannon augmented by Chris ranged weaponry.
It was still a logical extension, though.
Almost
I'm almost a little upset that the Maria/Chris combo move didn't reference back to Change The World somehow.
We still don't really know what his endgame is.
Which he wants to.....for some reason.
Since he talked about wanting to counter Hibiki
Control the divine power
Whether or not it's actually involved or just resonance because of Miku and SSJ being right there is ??? though yeah
It's clearly influencing Shem-Ha _somehow_
I mean
Zoid having the correct reaction
https://twitter.com/zoidzero1/status/1165336423140139008
lol
Just flat dead
XV's gonna kill us all
Welcome to the party man
Like
Nobody?
Uh
Alchemy being destruction and reconstruction is pretty established.
I mean
Carol will show up before Shem-Ha.
X-Drive helmet
Yeah
SHSJ
Shem-Ha Shou Jing
Most of them also aren't very good, but that's not a discussion for this channel.
Also yeah it's not full Carol.
Carol seems to have limits on her ability to do shit.
She's also the only alchemist they have.
Also yeah Elfnein being the most skilled alchemist SONG has doesn't mean much.
She's a wolf
Wolf
Yeah.
And the rate of fuckery going down.
"unanswered questions" is a pretty nebulous concept with 5 episodes left in the show.
Yeah
Just because it's a curse doesn't mean he didn't have a solid reason for activating it.
Sure it does.
You're watching it now
Oh shit
It's not taunting us with "oh Miku's dead", it's shoving their history and relationship in our face because it's going to be front and center from here on out.
Friends moving away from each other
I've seen similar montages for like
Because Miku's gone? Not in a dead-gone sense, but in a 'no longer around'-gone sense.
Uh
Especially not in a scene that's not "Miku dies" but "Shem-Ha wakes up"
There's no emotional build-up/catharsis/pay-off/whatever.
Why would something filling me with dread means I wouldn't want to have seen it?
The light that god cannot know
ahaahah
no
Hah
_slightly_
But it isn't as bad as it could have been.
That it happens is still a major spoiler
Oh yeah
It's not that hard.
Just hard cut when she finishes talking
it _does_ trail off just a little there at the end.
ugh
It's pretty spoiler free on the "where does this happen" front.
Ok so they picked a good place to start it.
Venassa is a robot though, so maybe.
Whereas Eliza is just mostly cut in half
I mean, Milaarc is actually fucking cut in half
Also yeah Vanessa might survive
Just....dead
No build up, no focus
Very sudden
Except she can apparently flip the branches all on one side.
Also Tsubasa's Amalgam blade is the Seven-Branched Sword
So, do we think Tsubasa just destroyed a piece of the Imperial Regalia or something else called Murakumo?
Hibiki, punch this man in the FACE
Also I guess we know what Vanessa's Faust Robe expertise came in useful for.
A) this is probably non-literal, but that's only 2738 years (and change)
Also, glad to see Fudo is exactly the combat monster that everyone expected he would be.
Which means getting Fudo and Noble Red out of the way.
They're clearly moving things along so we can get Shem-Ha for the final villain.
It was pretty low-key
For how much things have gone to hell this episode
Honestly
Another death
FINALLY
Tsubasa: "I need to protect people because they're weak!"
Maria: "Bitch I do a great job protecting myself."
She's done Kirika
Well, Maria Social Linked Tsubasa into breaking the seal.
Eliza is just mostly cut in half.
Milaarc is literally in at least two pieces
Vanessa could probably survive because we didn't see how she got injured, also she's a robot.
lol
It's a plot point that they need regular transfusions.
yes they do
Uh
But SONG is UN-based.
They were.
Technically Genjuuro and Tsubasa aren't _government_
I mean.
Which ones haven't?
he blatantly doesn't give a shit about people
Like
Not the japanese.
Fudou cares about Japan.
That they get fucked by Fudou doesn't have any bearing on what she does in the group dynamic.




Elza absolutely came up with the explosives/Daedalus End strat.
don't do commie subs
It's commies
A lot of magical girl shows have "understanding" and "communication" and "connections between people" as their main themes.
Absolutely.
Make a PGSM equivalent for Symphogear
Quick.
And Actually A Plush Toy Luna
Featuring ballet combat.
I wonder if that's been a thing and I only just now stopped on just the right frame to notice.
Because of course it is.
Chris' gun flash from immediately afterwards is a rose, by the way.
No particular reason, I just noticed Hibiki's expression just before Vanessa flings her up.
It was a bit eh yeah.
Milaarc has fleshcrafting for _all_ her limbs rather than just one at a time, while Vanessa is I guess Inspector Gadget now?
Since that V-Combine stuff she probably couldn't do before.
She seems to have the most obvious upgrade, though.
Yeah, took it too early and noticed a moment later.
Shot taken for....reasons

Some Grade-A crazy faces here.
Vanessa seems to have snapped, though.


Majin Noble Red seem to be a thing now.
Well that was....a thing.
If Vanessa tips, then I bet the other two will follow, 'cause family.
While Elsa and Milaarc seem more like Cags and Prelati.
Sorry, Vanessa
Elsa seems to have fully gone over the edge.
If she was, in fact, trying to behead Milaarc.
I  mean you assume Tsubasa wouldn't also behead Elsa.
"shit now what"
Dammit Gen
I could have sworn Tsubasa had one.
Ah, you're right.
Lemme check
Maybe I'm forgetting something?
Oh fair.
Hibiki just didn't because outside of XDU she never has any.
No, Tusbasa had one.
That'd be my guess yeah.
Because Shem-Ha made two.
I wonder where the other one went.
It's definitely the season for alchemists getting their important snuff sniped out of their hands though.
"IT"S WOLF SEASON"
That was pretty great
Oh yeah
MECH
Also Shirabe's Amalgam weapon is hilarious.
Amalgam always looks a lot more like a traditional magical girl outfit, at least to me.
Yeah V-Combine is definitely a new trick for her because why else would it have the Majin emblem on the chest?
But yes it does
Shirabe
It would work effectively.
Effectively.
"SING FOR US, HUMANS"
Use Apple and the Curse of Balal terminal to get all of humanity's Phonic Gain again.
They're just going to go X-Drive and fly back to Earth, clearly.
Shem-Ha just sorta drops a couple bombs right there casually.
Speaking of Maria's arm.
GIVE IT TO US, KANEKO
THE ULTIMATE QUESTION
IS IT REALLY BEEF STROGANOFF WITHOUT BEEF
Why does Thor have cat ears.
I feel like Amalgam/Ignite should be actually impossible in-universe since Amalgam came about because of the Philosopher Stone-based Faust Robes, which wipes out the Dainself-based Ignite.
Clearly a Grand Order one.
Have you _seen_ the outside?
Shit's really down now.
That was a pretty interesting episode.
It's interesting that Shem-Ha's immortality method is nearly identical to Fine's, differing only in scope.
Shem-Ha is even  the near-human "final form" of whatever type of villain she'd be.
Convince me otherwise
Enki is a shonen protagonist.
_kikikikikikiki_
Also lol smear frames
That Carol's supergravity black hole blast didn't get an attack card.
You know what's bullshit?
El Presidente Nuclear
"Miku Autenticamente"
That it's 5k years later is immaterial to that.
Well, her status quo.
Shem-Ha wants a return to the status quo.
Maybe Carol just wasn't trying to turn it on.
Only _one_?
Is it _actually_ Shem-Ha's language fragment?
an Anti-Shem-Ha langauge fragment?
Is it going to be like
So what's _Apple_ going to do?
Miku's gonna be rocking that Divinity (Rank A) skill post-series with a body like that. 😛
Her body and the bracelet literally turned into gold sparkes
Well, "into"
Whereas what actually happened was the divine power just sorta ate Miku entirely.
Miku's body, with the divine power riding around inside.
like
So lik
Uh, people thought (in-universe as well apparently) that Miku would become the vessel for the divine power.
As a way to throw off Shem-Ha's control
Fine teaches Miku the art of yandere
I was telling him to write EnkixFine smut. 😛
Dino that was a response to Voyeur's comment
Make the future you wish to see with your own hands.
X-Drive out of nowhere is......






Also here's a dump of all the new X-Drive looks
Fucking title drop, too
I DID NOT EXPECT THEM
WHAT THE FUCK

OH MY GOD
Oh good I wasn't the only one who thought that
Elder Ogawa is rocking the Dante look
Both times they died simultaneously.
You know, we all were wrong about what order Noble Red would die in.
Also look at all those ruined apocalyptic buildings that didn't actually happen.
Eh
Which last shot?


It's called Hibiki's Fist
Sounds about right
COINCIDENCE
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/EcYLw_xG6_w/maxresdefault.jpg
I'd b elieve it.
So that's a nice touch of detail.
And when it transitions to color you can tell that they were in the same spots, too.
Oh hey the arrangement is the same as on the poster huh
Carol is pretty horny
Can I get a stitch of the full shot of Dante Ogawa from someone?
Speaking of horny
But now I guess they aren't.
They usually are.
Yeah now she has four.
Durandal is gone
Nope
I'm not trying to claim that anyone _but_ Shirabe was possessed by Fine.
You misunderstand?
Line up Fine's genetic bloodline possession thing with stuff like Goetia's Demon Pillar bloodline possession and you've got some interesting Nasu options.
Well, why Fine _was_
But I would accept it because we would at last have backstory.
I would be unhappy
fucking Child of God-fuck you could spin that into why Fine is possessing her
god _if_
Presumably she forgot both.
and if it does happen, it'll never get translated
god help us
XDU is our last hope at Kirika backstory
At all.
Because Kirika has no backstory.
Or frankly any Gear in the show to Kirika.
Now, compare her to Kirika.
But we know enough that we don't _need_ it.
Could we use _more_ detail? Sure, maybe.
We know more or less what's up with her backstory.
Yeah.
We have literally nothing on Kirika.
_Kirika_ though
We know what her origin is.
>Shirabe origin story
Which she survived because as Melua says, more relic than human
Yeah.
In G she transformed _after_ the punch
Uh
They just jump to tentacles and elder gods and completely miss the actual point.
Because basically nobody knows what lovecraftian horror actually is.
Eye color is a bit off but eh, did change it in canon


Ergo, Shirabe being Miyu Sakatsuki wouldn't be the wildest twist you could do.
I'm just noting that Fine's method of bloodline possession is broadly similar to how Goetia's Demon Pillars possessed bloodlines, and ergo Fine having a bunch of Magi family descendants is reasonable and wouldn't be out of the question for a Nasu fusion.
filled in like all the way
The box is just black
And there's that Maria/Chris/Tsubasa triangle.
Everyone else has had 2, save Tsubasa with 3.
Hibiki's the only one who's only had one combination.
Wow
Milaarc was a researcher for the Illuminati, so she's probably....30s, I'd hazard?
Autoscorers.
Well no possibly up to 6-7.
Possibly 4.
The funny part is that's at least 3 Symphogear characters.
Yeah Goku being constantly stronger than Vegeta is like the defining element of their relationship.
(spoiler alert: he doesn't)
Vegeta at one point lets a villain shove a bunch of evil magic into him so he can maybe be strong enough to defeat Goku for once.

Dragonball reference.
Majin seems an appropriate reference.
I mean, they did get more power out of it to fight their rivals/opponents who always seemed to be stronger than them.
That's clearly a Majin possession.
Uh, no
Which is hysterical.
2 PM EST
He still wants to beat Goku though.
Eventually.
Vegeta mellows out.
WHY DO NONE OF THE SONGS HAVE SUBS
We need like another full episode at least to resolve stuff and bring it around.
So it just sorta _ended_
We didn't have any falling action or wrapping up of the extant plotlines, except I guess what happened to Dadwing.
There was no resolution, no.
👏 KIRIKA 👏 BACKSTORY 👏 WHEN 👏
Yeah but when was the last major Madoka release before Magia Record happened?
They fucked off after Shem-Ha went down.
somewhere
in space
Custodians are all like
I'd say it's not _impossible_ for XDU to get an English version, but I'd be surprised as fuck if it did.
Magia Record did pretty well for itself without anything that led into it or anything.
Yeah they sealed her away and left the planet because it was too toxic or something with Shem-Ha infecting every single terminal.
Why would you think she wasn't?
lol
This is the internet, there's a lot of shit on it.
And even then that was more of a friend-ship than any romantic one.
Chris's ship teasing was like....Miku, back in the OG series and that's about it?
Now if only they'd established that motivation before the final episode where it becomes relevant.
what the fuck
Yeah while it was _nice_ that they did it, I don't like how they kept pushing the Shem-Ha/Fine parallels so hard.
i = irregular
Yeah Igalima is "i02"
Noooo?
The new 7 Gears lore kinda torpedoes "oh there's additional Gears lying around that Ryoko made but never found wielders for" fanfic route.
You know what I realized?
Can you elaborate on this, Melua? 'cause you've said it, but what about it makes it clear to someone who actually understands Japanses?
There was never going to be confirmation
>expecting anything else

lol
But I don't know what that subtext _is_
Or like, that they are explicitly in a romantic relationship or whatever the explicit thing is.
I mean you're acting like the conversation made it explicit that they loved each other, which I _presume_ is due to some Japanese subtext that I, as someone who does not speak Japanese, will not get seeing the subtitled conversation.
Clearly stating that SSJ's Gear is "lost"
```As an addendum, the below list includes the model numbers for the Symphogear units that have been lost:

SG-r03 Gungnir (Adaptor: Kanade -> Hibiki)

SG-i03 Shenshoujing (Adaptor: Miku)```

From the Model Number keyword
Which might be helpful.
Here's the Faust Robe SSJ keyword
```In the past, the Symphogear Shenshoujing had been developed by F.I.S., as a hybrid of the the heretical arts of Finè (the Symphogear System) and the cutting-edge technology of Dr. Ver (the Direct Feedback System).

When Vanessa assaulted the laboratory at Los Alamos, she stole not only the Vambrace of Shem-Ha, but also materials relating to the Shenshoujing and its Symphogear.

With them, she was able to construct a Faust Robe.

The robe contained many of the same functionalities as the gear, but here, the primary purpose was not to be worn for combat, but rather, designed from the start with the primary purpose of restraining a god.```
But yeah that was them throwing it in our faces.
It's like one line.
Back in episode...11?
Shem-Ha noted that Miku's name means "future".
Which, by Gear logic, means it's also a blessed one.
`how'd you like Kesha, Adele, Taylor Swift to don their new gears and fight Noise under the command of Captain Yeezy`

Ah one of the most cursed ideas I've seen here in a while.
Jeanne is originally from Apocrypha yes.
It's about beamu.
It's not about Ahoge.
I do, but you're wrong.
It's been going for like 4 years now.
Which is a gatcha game.
That's Grand Order.
Ahoge.
And no, she hasn't had more than cameo appearances in animated form.
There is only one Fate/Grand Order.
Uh
But is in Grand Order.
She sources from the GudaGuda gag comic.
As an example.
If you don't have context for what the Back Alleyway Alliance _is_ you aren't going to get why they're doing short skit comedy between scenes, etc.
So like
Carnival has half Tsukihime characters yeah.
Carnival Phantasm has some _very_ dark moments
Well I always wanted to kill somebody.
Fine made the Gears, and Carol made Ignite
Yeah Fine > Carol >Adam
If we're allowing that kind of indirect thing to count for threat ranking then Fine just goes to the top by default.
When you can just go "eh, I'll try again next century when I wake up" your threat level goes to weird places.
Or, rather, that she doesn't stay dead.
Especially when her main "threat" is just that you can't kill her
(I think)
According to Carol yeah.
But that's what we got.
How? Why? Who knows.
I mean, I'm just saying that's what we're told.
apparently
Pirate Fine > SG, Adam, and Tiki
Pirate Fine, remember.
Sure, but she was doing this well before she had those.
Though whether that would be Adam gimping himself to stay looking human or not is debateable.
Fine apparently prevented the Illuminati from doing basically anything for a long time, which _suggests_ that she could probably kick Adam's ass?
And Adam and Carol's defeats were different enough in how they actually went down that you can't really get a good comparison going.
It's hard to tell because Fine never really demonstrated an excess of the kind of hard combat power that Adam/Carol did.
I mean, that's what you get for being a sword
That's not weird.
I mean a power source that can totally never break seems pretty solid.
Given that it's probably supposed to be what Solomon's rings were that he summoned demons with, yeah changing shape makes sense.
Welcome to Gear, I guess.
What a coinkydink.
That'd be weird if they weren't handing the Cane off  to the Americans for whatever reason.
And he was an American?
Given that Ver was the scientist handling the Cane during transport
Spirit of international cooperation.
That the guy who had "custody" was a traitor is unrelated.
G opens with the Cane in "custody"
They did though?
I don't think Durandal has that kind of power by itself.
I doubt it.
X-Drive vs. "X-Drive" combat would be pretty sick, now that I think about it.
The Ryoma Sengoku option
Ah yes.
laser beams are pretty cool
To be fair
It's _almost_ like being able to sing along with her
He's supporting her
Laws of Super Robot Anime: Text must be formatted in colors that make it hard to read
G is a pretty common sequel letter to add onto the end of shows in Japan
_confused fisting noises_
Then then I've also seen shit like the WIXOSS movie compressing the first two seasons into a single compilation movie with some bonus new scenes as well.
Which is 2-3 full episodes.
I've seen them be an hour to hour and a half.
Ver was probably the guy who made the recipe generic, thinking about it.
Fine?
Who was making their Model-K, I wonder.
Because we at no point in the show or keywords got any indication of more Adaptors in the wings, even as backups.
Like, they're sitting underneath Lydian which is full of _potentials_ but apparently none of them ever qualified.
But at the same time, it's not like 2DIV apparently ever found more potential Gear users in the 2 years between the concert and S1 proper.
I suspect that Fine _could_ have made more if she had wanted to?
So yeah it's entirely possible that just not having compatible Relics was an issue.
There's the unspecified stuff in the Dragon Palace, but who knows if 2DIV could take stuff out of there or not.
About the only Relic that we know for sure that 2DIV possessed during the timeskip is Durandal.
I mean I think the discussion's moved past the last time you commented?
Which we know makes a lot of difference when it comes to how gud you Geah.
At least in a general sense, if not in a specific one.
Kanade at the concert I think had a drive/focus/goal that Tsubasa didn't.
Just different context/results.
Though I could still totally call out it as being a fight between them.
I had an idea _sorta_ like that involving Fine's soul getting utterly destroyed, but Ryoko being left with a lot of imprints/concepts/memories from it and working from there. 

The thing is that the idea _also_ involved this happening because Fine and Adam caused the Tunguska Event via a mutual destruction (well, almost mutual - see Ryoko's survival) fight, but then Symphogear takes place in the 2040s so that timeline doesn't work.
If I wanted to do fun stuff.
Well, Serena definitely, though Maria could get snatched by Fine.
(like, pre-S1 early)
A persistent AU (or common AU component) I have involves FIS being busted super early for various possible reasons and Serena/Maria being quietly shuffled off to 2DIV in the fallout.
Eh, one died
AND THEN THEY HAD 3 ADAPTORS
_Meanwhile, in America:_ 
Ver: -cackling over new LiNKER recipes-
Ma'am: "Orphans are pretty easy to make, it turns out."
Thinking about it like that, Kanade was a fucking miracle
Lydian is already drawing from a like....0.01% of the population for potentials, looking for the 0.01% of _that_ that are actually worth something, and then hoping to match them against a Relic they have.
It's also possible they couldn't find people compatible with the Relics they had access to? Like, maybe there were one or two people with enough phonic gain, but those people also didn't resonate with any Relics they could test them against.
That's not fun for the body either.
And also the whole "bleeding from various orifices if you overdose" thing.
......yes?
Like, maybe the rest of the government didn't want Ryoko cutting tiny pieces off of Relics for her hobby project.
Another interesting question is what 2DIV's ability to access Relics (or Relic fragments) is.
Source: Zoid's blog
`By nature, Kanade had a very low link coefficient with the Symphogear system and should have been unable to become a relic bearer. However, Division 2's Technology Specialist, Sakurai Ryoko, developed a control drug known as "LiNKER" and by taking an overdose of the drug, Kanade acquired the ability to use the power of Gungnir as a linked user.

In Kanade's case LiNKER's effectiveness was proven to be tremendous, but the burden it brought upon the human body was equally as immense. It was for this reason that LiNKER was modified with a limit on how long it could remain active. From then on there were times where Kanade would refer to herself as a "fake user" and complain about her "time limit."`
Keywords, yeah
Or was it just unspecified drugs?
I mean, was it ever called anything in S1?
Nah.
Probably Enki telling it to go into hiding somewhere so people could get in and accidentally turn off the Curse.
So it got moved to the...Pacific(?) somehow.
Which is, weirdly, apparently where the Frontier was at that time.
Unspecified middle-east.
Though yeah there was that Enki AI in the Lunar Relic.
He was on Earth when he died.
Maybe?
Blame Enki not leaving a message for his GF
Basically Fine's plan, while not going to immediately fuck things up due to factors beyond her knowledge, would have been a shitty one long-term.
And without the Curse to slow her down she basically wins instantly yeah.
So I might be forgetting specific details.
Though to be honest it's been ages since I saw those last two episodes due to no YTT subs.
If you break the network jammer, then humanity is reconnected and Shem-Ha could reconstitute herself.
why wouldn't she?
Uh
"Oh if I break the curse you can use your suicide nuke better" - says the woman deliberately misinforming them on how said suicide nuke works
Ah well.
I mean that's what we'v'e been discussing.
When she gets her hands on it after Tsubasa saves her ass from the Noise her normal clothing comes back on.
Nah, in that scene she gets naked and the pendent flies off of her.
Size-wise it looks about the same as a Gear.
I mean.
And also unhelpful.
Adorable.
Don't we see baby Tsubasa singing in a lab at some time?
IIRC they were only kicked out of Ignite.
When were they broken in AXZ?
But him activating a "go into hiding" mode as well makes a decent chunk of sense.
He walks off towards it.
We see the Frontier in the distance after their fight.
Since she wasn't really at full power with Miku at first.
But coming back completely probably requires both.
I mean, it was Nephushtan Armor regen.
skull to crotch
None of this "at the waist" bullshit
Down the middle.
Disaster Blast - the original Unison
To be clear: I don't _disbelieve_ you, but I definitely want proof before I change my opinion/beliefs.
Have fun sourcing that I guess.
Where?
Just quietly ignored.
I don't think it was ever _retracted_
Channel-wise, I mean
I don't think they ever actually delete anything.
Do you have people that you know who would let you crash at their place?
>alcohols

Ah yes the greatest social lubricant.
They _are_ together.
Excuse you.
Or believing in depression or thinking it's a serious problem.
If someone killed themselves because of this game, then the game was the last push.
Agreed.
This isn't exactly a mine.
Like, the sentiment of "the internet is a minefield" ain't wrong, but....
.....the game is pretty upfront that you're in for some serious shit, though?
I like to play games for escapism, not to have my problems shoved into my face.
I got to the end of Act 1, which fucked me up and got a little into Act 2 before I had to bail.
a pretty interesting preview image
That's, uh....
Go to a courthouse and make Danger your middle name.
Danger.
Like maybe somebody dropped a bunch of them off and they're just all slowly washing ashore.
What's interesting to consider is that it might not be a continuous thing.
Or that the only shit I have any qualifications for is the same field that I am in and want to get out of.
It doesn't help that I'm either too tired after work to do stuff, or aggressively trying to do relaxing/fun stuff.
Problem is mostly that I am spectacularly bad at motivationg myself to find another job.
I don't think I will.
I dread going to sleep because it means morning and work comes faster.
So I'm just grinding along, not getting anywhere in life, and wearing myself slowly down.
And this has none of them.
I need to find a different job. This one.....I need consistent hours, a schedule that I can predict in advance, and a job that doesn't leave me exhausted at the end of each day.
Mmm.
I've been one of three people who have been long-term with the company and the other two people are the owner and someone who basically works for the owner because he doesn't have a license to do stuff himself I think.
Were you one of three people in the company?
Fuck
I kinda hate my job and I hate that when I eventually quit I'll feel like a shitheel because my reliability is legitimately very helpful for the company.
Oh ok.
Wait you live in Japan and they were asking if your neighborhood was black?
What even is a cassette changer?
Because that's some super worrisome behavior.
Can you get out of there somehow?
Uh.
Yeah paranoia aside that's a very extreme reaction from her that is disproportionate to the situation.
When you say "key" you just mean flash drive, right?
Ah.
Or have no reason to think it's something to worry about.
Like, beyond that you clearly don't mind.
Is that a warranted fear?
Oh.
Wait is there a significant difference between the nightstand and your desk?
No joke that sounds like a super fun and relaxing way to catch fish.
Well no duh.
>Kavanaugh claims that a liberal conspiracy to destroy his family and his life with these accusations and that we should all be ashamed of targeting him like this
>ignoring how Ford has had to leave her house and needs guards because of death threats and harassment she's getting after coming forward

Privilege much.
Fuck Brett, we need to kick him out?
Yeah that's what they intend.
Subject, I mean.
What class?
Not for taking notes in the middle of class or anything.
Yeah then they're telling you to get them with the expectation that you'll use them on tests.
But if you take out an 8.5x11 piece of paper to take notes on are they going to dock you points or something?
I mean.
Do they not let you take notes on anything else?
Like printing out 1 point font text stuff on the cards.
There's a lot of stories about people doing clever stuff.
Why 3x5 specifically is probably entrenched tradition/"that's what we've always used".
Well then you don't have to buy them for the next class that wants them.
Not STEM.
Or more generally the humanities.
Even though some of it is probably still relevant to a degree, but I couldn't really say.
On the other hand if you weren't then I couldn't say that because I know shit all about non-American education systems.
-shrugs- If you were I was going to say that our education system sucks ass and is oriented towards rote memorization and regurgitation of facts rather than actually thinking, hence the restriction of material because you're supposed to have memorized everything rather than tests making you actually think.
You American?
They do not (should not) expect you to use them for general note-taking.
So what you can't remember on your own or like memmonics or something.
You put what information you _need_ on the cards.
Not "I see someone suspicious on my front porch let me get my gun"
Militia and in case of invasion.
I wish
Ahahahahah
The two-party thing has enough momentum that even if a bunch of parties _could_ work, it'll never happen.
And also just entrenched tradition.
This has the clip
https://youtu.be/eEhuT3pVQe8?t=17
100% legit
Nope.
(the news article I'm grabbing this stuff from is titled `Sean Hannity Accidentally Made a Great Argument for Socialism` for bonus points)
```"The Democratic Party is falling apart," Hannity said, pointing to her victory as an example. "Many are hailing Cortez as a rising star on the political landscape, but in reality, her views, her policy positions are actually downright scary... Look very carefully. This is the future, this is the modern Democratic Party."```
The full list, here we go
https://video-images.vice.com/_uncategorized/1530208759421-Screen-Shot-2018-06-28-at-110030-AM.png
And it's like "fuck I'm down for everything on that list, let's do it"
What FOX tried to present as bad things
https://video-images.vice.com/articles/5b351f9ee7fc8800063a1968/social_lede/1530214140793-split2.jpeg
The problem is of course what that spirit _is_
^
I'll note that the 2/3 state government to cause a Constitutional Convention thing is 100% undefined as to how that'd go - if it by some accident of fate _does_ happen we'd have to make up literally everything about how it goes down, which would be a clusterfuck in and of itself on top of everything else.
Neither will we, probably.
'cause there's no _good_ party.
A lesser of two evils situation is bad sure, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't try and get the lesser evil in over the greater one.
-shrugs- Which is again a social/systematic problem with our government and aging politicians, but at the same time the Democrats are the party that's most open to change and trying to make things actually better.
Honestly good enough for me.
The underlying system is fucked, but right now the Republican party is the one that might cause generations of damage.
It ain't the Democrats.
One party runs on hate, fearmongering, racism, sexism, etc.
I mean.
And in the NRA's pocket, to loop back around to guns again.
Not to mention that the Republican party is composed almost entirely of old white men who are varying amounts of both sexist and racist.
They're looking to legally define transgender out of existence and make it criminal, ban gay marriage and basically anything to do with gayness, etc etc etc
And when you get down to it as long as people stay  partisan (which is about as certain as it can get) it doesn't matter how fucking awful what they're doing is, they can get away with it.
They can, in fact, do basically whatever the fuck they want.
Right now the Republican party has a president in the White House, a majority in both the House and the Senate, and a majority of justices on the Supreme Court are conservative.
The problem is that they break down in a partisan environment when a party starts to control the majority of the government.
These are in theory a good thing.
The US government has this thing called checks and balances where each of the three branches - Executive, Legistlative, and Judicial are supposed to be able to have some level of ability to stop/prevent another branch from doing something OR go around it.
(and not the fuck likely to happen at this current situation in time)
Supreme Court of The United States
For instance: Roe v Wade might get overturned now that the court's loaded with conservatives.
Hence all the shitshows with loading the courts.
Tomorrow's a new day.
Shit happens, people have blah moments.
And that's fine.
For no real reason.
Or rather, sometimes that just happens.
Does there have to be?
Meanwhile, in America....
NINJAGO I guess
See those thousand year old dragons in FE
Anyone who says something is "to big to fail" didn't learn anything from the  2008 bank crash.
Apologies for not being all knowing then.
Me? No.
Australia is apparently pretty good.
-shrugs- "are you meming" makes it sound like you did. Or at least like your assumption is that I would be fully knowledgeable.
Yeah.
These days you can find out within minutes if something goes down across the world, but back then it's like sending a letter by ship, or overland and how long that takes.
And  the technology levels didn't allow for them to easily keep track of what was going on in those places.
But it would I think reconcile those two statements?
Yeah no it's a really dumb position to hold.
It does if you are the kind of person who doesn't believe in trans people I guess?
Yeah.
Oh, huh.
Trump's immigration policies, basically.
The bot didn't up and decide to post lolicon/shotacon on its own.
Don't do that.
Continuing the interaction will give them more chances to fuck with you.
Your server is going to be fine, and you shouldn't even really _talk_ to them.
You banned him because he posted lolicon shit on your server, against Discord policies, so that's probably enough for Discord.
Yeah he's not worth the emotional effort you're putting into him.
I might be misremembering though.
IIRC, Australia's "right" and "left" are basically the reverse in terms of agenda when compared to America?
Also "left" and "right" vary based on the country so it's extremely not universal.
And the spectrum isn't even really a line, either.
Not discrete categories.
It's a spectrum
Well, the election will be over.
Sucks to be them, it's also going to rally _his_ base.
That _is_ odd yeah
Mats note that if Seig had wanted to go down that route, Astolfo would have been 100% down with it.
He _is_ bi though.
He's just very comfortable in doing whatever the hell he wants without concern for other people.
Astolfo is, for all his "le secret" and enjoyment of feminine clothing, is pretty clearly a dude.
that's canon
Excalibur was a beamu sword though
And a game with a male protagonist and female love interests would sell better than an otome game.
Yeah.
As an american that color choice messes me up hard.
They lasted a pretty damn long time.
China, kinda.
Oh I'd be going for jail for a lot worse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9w14MWaQEg
Sure, stuff happened, but 100k words for 24 hours is a _lot_ of work
Because that pace is _balls slow_
`the first 100K words alone cover just the first 24 hours of the story.`

basically? learn to pace
But then you have like two 10k chapters that are one character watching a movie to establish history.
Which is fine.
The first chapters were a lot of "nothing happens and worldbuilding occurs".
It was entirely too wordy for me.
To The Stars?
I mean this is just one instance of how dumb our world is, socially.
but welcome to the world we live in
It's all very dumb in general
It's just the internet means that the knowledge of these people spreads far and _fast_ so it can look bigger than it actually is.
And not even a large group of people
This is people being upset and butthurt at it being used to dismiss them when they believe they should be deserved more respect.
like
I dunno, but "boomer" hasn't reached it
Or "millennial"
How the fuck is "boomer" ever been used as a slur
Indeed
theoretically
that's what the police do
I mean
But thi sis good
good luck having the charges stick
I mean
Start a war right before the election and reap the popularity.
He accused Obama of planning to do this exact same thing.
It's a re-election stunt
he's starting a war to get the blind patriots behind him
Nah see
Oooof
It's almost like someone declared war on them.
You'll learn more going on to college
_why_
wait
But I legit don't think there's a point to attending simply for doing another year when college courses would be a better option at this point.
or fail enough classes to not be able to graduate
if you fail a year
You can attend high school for more than 4 years
Well
They're welcome to mine
Drink water
Best of luck
Ooof
How so?
Yep
Someone from a district that voted majority Democrat, for instance, can cast their vote Republican instead.
The electorates don't _have_ to vote the way their districts vote.
Yeah most of the logic for why it existed isn't applicable to modern day america, but if you try to actually act on that notion, you get a "TRADITION REEEE" sorta response and nothing comes of it.
(and they were probably right in that belief, tbh)
So they set up the system with the expectation that people would pick someone they trusted to vote for their interests/to their benefit and then those people would cast the actual vote.
Well, that and the founders didn't trust that the average person was educated enough to make reasonable decisions.
Travel was by no means an easy thing back then.
So, yeah
So what's about a 10-hour drive for us these days was almost 2 weeks of travel back then.
Atlanta to Washington DC, as a pair of cities, is something like 600-ish miles away from each other.
Assuming one set of horses and carriage, stopping to sleep for the night, and that sort of thing.
That's about 50 miles a day, more or less.
Yeah, say you were traveling via horse and carriage.
But you're unwilling to commit to a debate.
Yeah without some form of centralized structure for society, of which government of some variety is the natural form, then civilization outright doesn't exist.
Also, not what irony is
Ergo, there's no point in having this discussion.
You're just stating your points over and over again.
I'm fairly sure God would be fine with you skipping Mass if you're trying not to catch the plague
I think he figured out that if he kept up his previous stance, he'd get utterly massacred by both sides of the aisle.
Yeah
If it offered some benefit to them personally I'd at least understand the selfishness, but why expend all that energy and focus purely to fuck up other people? Pay attention to yourselves
the fuck
or just to make the ambulance unusable?
to steal the tires?
wait
if you're not doing much physical activity to burn energy and it's a really solid meal then absolutely
Yeah
Depends on if he was doing good or bad at his job
oh good
This is honestly really shit timing if this forces a bunch of people out of their homes
God
Yeah seems legit
Pre-emptively asking for forgiveness also isn't a great look either, and is entirely out of your hands - you're asking people to "be prepared to forgive" as if it's assumed they will?
If you're basically admitting that if A happens, then you'll do B, while knowing full well that B is considered unacceptable behavior, that's not a good look.
So eh
But that's a bit of a cop out answer and not in the spirit of the question.
I think that if religion didn't exist, then society and civilization as we know it couldn't possibly exist.
Yeah I once tried to do a big dramatic "I'M LEAVING SOCIAL MEDIA GOODBYE" thing on April Fools and accidentally gave the impression I was about to commit suicide, and had to immediately backtrack. Sudden out of character behavior as a joke _can_ work, but it can also be interpreted in extremely concerning ways.
I'd try and figure out what he thought was going on - ask him something like that? If he thought he was joking around and you're overreacting, for instance.
would it be too invasive to ask why you think that?
uh
Give it a day or two, see how things play out?
Yeah
Because less traffic on the road would be nice.
If there's any long-term impact from all this, I hope it's an increased awareness of what jobs can be done from home and what jobs can't.
why do you think they'll be stopped when there's no legal things telling them not to do that?
They aren't being stopped now
dude have you seen the number of people who are going out and doing stuff even while lockdown/quarantine stuff is still in effect
That's just introverts
how is that scary?
uh
daisuki, IIRC
plz sleep
Sleep is good
342 chest of tea
....how did you think they _got_ to the tea while it was on the ships?
So what do you think they should be doing?
Peaceful protests have been going on for years, and getting ignored. Violence isn't correct, but at some point it's the inevitable result.
It's not going to happen.
but eventually
Probably not now
Eventually I think something like these events would have happened.
If you know for 110% certain they're carrying something that's yours then just try and talk it out and be reasonable (but expect that they might not be).
IDK people who are specifically looting aren't really that dangerous on a personal level
Don't try to take whatever they're holding?
I mean, who cares if he knows the rules? The people who tell him that he _can't_ do something aren't, so it doens't matter if he knows that he can or cant' do something.
Which does functionally amount to the same thing, sure
I would say it's less that the rules don't apply to him, but more that the people who enforce the rules aren't willing to do so against him.
The entire concept of the american police system needs to be rebuilt from the ground up
Yep
What's the train of logic here?
I'm not asking morally. Like, mechanically, how does bringing them up here shame them?
They're not on here (probably)
How would bringing them up here "shame" them, anyway?
which is _not great_
In that we have at least 4 times as many people jobless as we usually do
Sure, but it's still a demonstrative value.
Right now we're at like 15%
Usually we hover at around 4% (or a little under) unemployment, IIRC.
and, unfortunately, they're probably the people most likely to try and start an armed rebellion.
there _are_ people who like the government
well
And since it's so nebulous what it means, he can just label anyone he doesn't like Antifa
He wants to define it as an organization because then he can actually commit government resources to fight it.
I don't think that the Democratic candidate actually matters in that regard.
Probably just a leak somewhere
Two slices of bread, a slice of cheese, and a little mayo and/or mustard is a cheese sandwhich
hell, a slice or two of bread with something spread on it would be an alright start
snack food
do you have crackers
Bonus points, the act of _doing_ something concrete like that can help snap you out of a depressive cycle
start small, work your way up
eat _something_
even if it's some crackers or a snack bar
Like
Just because you don't feel hungry doesn't mean you don't need food.
You still should eat though
Rather than a full blown meltdown
he cares that higher infection numbers make him look bad
He doesn't care about the number of people _infected_
now someone please kill me
"We have too many foreigners who attend our great colleges, the best colleges in the world if I'm being honest, and then just leave! They go back to their countries, after taking classes and education time away from out great teachers, our really great teachers. That's just not fair, you know? We want our teachers to be teaching people who'll help our country, not just leave and go back to, I dunno, Mexico where they won't do anything."
If he loses the election by anything less than a decisive indisputable margin, he'll contest the fuck out of it.
as opposed to, you know, treating this like a particularly virulent flu
do you think _they_ know that though
/s
yeah but other countries are opening themselves up, so why can't America, the greatest country in the world, also open ourselves up? This quarantine is just a plot by Antifa to destroy the economy
but that's how he works
it's fucking stupid
which is desireable
ergo, testing fewer people and having lower infection numbers makes him look better
then the world
First the airplanes
One step at a time
welp
https://twitter.com/nick_kapur/status/1283261781008437248
fuck Kemp
yes it is
yes
Kemp's just a fucking asshole
no
taste testing
but fucking LoL like this is hilarious
Like, dude what the hell, timing
Holy shit that's amazing
wait does this mean League's fucked
there's my reading comprehension skills failing me
....right, fuck
yeah that
I _hoped_ you were talking about an animal
Since you gotta spend that time saying goodbye knowing it's coming.
I'd like to say you're lucky to be able to say goodbye like this....but it's honestly six one way, half dozen the other.
I'm sorry to hear that.
what
God knows there's a lot of fucky stuff in Netflix's catalogue.
I'm not saying that the movie isn't potentially problematic, just that if the poster hadn't drawn attention it might have passed under the radar.
The poster was just a flashpoint
Yeah if it weren't for that one poster I suspect people wouldn't really care.
to suppress the protests
Just funny
but I doubt it'll make it to the ground
it'll be visible as it goes through the atmosphere
like
It's also 6.5 feet in diameter
meteors miss by a bunch
we're fine
yeah
Or I guess whoever wrote the speech doesn't know that and they don't know enough to correct it
(apparently no)
but do they know that?
I mean yeah
so clearly you're not from the US
You're not from the 50 states
-slash-for the right person
So they set up the system such that people could select a person they trusted to vote for their interests.
The electoral college is a remnant of a time when most of the US population was super uneducated, and the founders did not trust the common person to be able to accurately decide who the President should be.
What could be a monumentally life-shaking event to one person could be forgotten in seconds by another
There is _basically_ no objective significance to events, at least on the scale of an individual person
Significance isn't inherent to stuff
You say you want significant stuff in your life? Make stuff significant. Set a goal, etc.
It's just suggestions for philosophy you might find helpful

"nothing matters, so it's our job to create meaning"
Anti-nihilism's cool
(and anti-nihilism)
possibly actual nihilism as well?
Which is why you get hobbies, learn skills, etc
then yes, your life isn't going to have very much in it
If you pick nothing, as you seem to be
You have to pick what you're going to be doing
You just decide what the next moment's going to contain
Progression from one moment to the next.
I mean, that's lilfe
The next thing on your schedule
The next minute
The next day
The next moment.
If you assume that stuff won't do it for you, you're never going to find something that could be.
Yeah
not with that attitude
The onus is on you to find stuff to do with yourself
Find something you enjoy doing, and then you can keep doing that.
learn a skill
Play games
Exercise
take hikes
Read books
Go start trying stuff out
Life isn't going to hand you stuff if you sit around and do nothing.
Reading a book can be significant.
why?
Does stuff have to be more significant than that?
It'd be fun.
and?
It'll be a fun thing to spend your time doing
hell, start reading a book series
Start reading a book
The point isn't to say "I don't like stuff", it's to say "I haven't found much I like"
You've locked yourself into not liking stuff
Well, if you decide that, then you won't find much you enjoy.
Just find something you don't have to force yourself
Don't
especially ahead of time
You generally don't just decide that something's significant
it just turned out to be
I mean, I didn't make the RP significant to me
_I saw that_
Sometimes you only recognize it in retrospect
Significance isn't always immediately apparent
Because that's another thing
Joining an RP doesn't exactly sound significant in the grand scheme of things, but there's so much stuff I've written in the almost 8 years since then that, yeah I can say that was a significant moment in my life
But I did, so I found out, and now I try to write.
I wouldn't have found out that I enjoy writing (even if I can't do it very much) without joining an RP that involved a good chunk of it, and here I am.
And you won't find something you enjoy with trying stuff
My life's boring as fuck, but I'm fine with that, more or less
Life isn't always an interesting story
You don't have to?
You need to happen to life
Waiting for life to happen to you is one of the best ways to ensure it won't
But at least you _accomplished_ something
If you don't find it significant afterwards? Well, try something else
Then go do it
Yeah, set yourself a goal - visit all 50 states (assuming you live in the US), run a marathon, program a video game, build a robot, it could be literally anything
I read “need to know what I enjoy” as a starting position
Ah, probably misread subtext in the phrasing
?
You don’t need to know what you enjoy, per se, as much as you need to make efforts to find stuff you enjoy
no miracle cure to your problems
it's all hard work
Yeah there's no easy solution here
That's something to work on, then.
nope
the latter has room to grow
The former is an absolute statement
and would not exist without nihilism
Anti-Nihilism's great
I mean
Guess what Trump's going to get to do now
fuck
Dude can't help but try and be the center of attention
Nnnnnneat
Or are said interruptions something else?
`nothing but constant interruptions`

I know nothing about what's going on, is Trump being rude?
It'll be an interesting two more days
Since when has Trump been known for making ones that aren't?
Because it makes him look weak.
I'm 95% sure the reason Trump checked himself out of the hospital was because he super hates the optics of him being there and how people talk about it.
My opinion is that Madoka is the worst thing that happened to the Magical Girl genre.
Like the WaSuYu movies, probably.
That might drive me off, then.
Eh.
Yuuna-san turned me off becuase of the immediate toplessness, but I guess that's an OVA as opposed to the actual series itself so maybe that'll make me like it more?
Available on Crunchryroll, too.
It's a really good manga.
https://twitter.com/yuyucow/status/1015636660552372224?lang=en
He starts having bought Gun, when that's normally something Kamen Riders get as an upgrade.
I've seen the opening fight scene of Wizard and my response was roughly "holy fuck this is awesome what the hell that's badass"
And they had an OVA that was part of the transition into Cosmos in the Lostbelt.
Meanwhile, The Lucifer and Biscuit Hammer or basically anything by Satoshi Mizukami.
Volume 4 was back in February.
I have to wait until December and then February for the last two volumes, urgh.
```anime girls in a computer science club doing cute things until they accidentally start tearing apart the fabric of reality```

So Serial Experiments Lain meets Strange Days at Blake Holsey High?
Azur Lane thread?
Oh hello.
If only because Azur Lane doesn't fuck around with "oh it's paralleling WW2 battles" and just straight up has WW2 happening with boat girls.
Yeah it will at least probably be better than the KC anime.
Oh god that makes too much sense.
Though I wouldn't say that Haganeya wrote Gaim, since he was just an assistant script writer for like 10 episodes?
Worried becuase it's Urobuchi.
Excited because we'd at least probably get some quality plot.
I would be excited and worried if he was.
It's a good show.
YOu should.
Welcome to every Yugioh show that isn't the first season of Arc-V (and even then it was eh).
S2 is better but that's also super not hard compared to S1.
S1 is a goddamn shitshow.
It's not good.
I mean.
They had an online poll with like 8 choices and my personal favorite is not the one that won (Hyper Drive).
Though it's not even my favorite 5Ds English opening.
Yeah.
(having the OP actually change in a Yugioh dub was a nice move that I wish they'd do more)
The second Zexal dup OP yeah.
Except for VRAINS which took the bold step of not having an opening song.
GX Rap > Halfway to Forever >  Hyper Drive > everything else > DM
FINDING TROUBLE NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD
CHILLIN OUT WITH THE CREW IN THE SCHOOL YARD
Magical School, anime, students stay in school while saving the world (except for the second half of S3).
Yugioh GX.
Actually.
Vampire Rosario maybe? (I haven't seen it)
Uh.
......Harry Potter......?
Legitimately one of the last things I want to do right now but I'll take the recommendation under advisement regardless. 😛
I want to say Kamichu is good as well, but I've also only watched about 4 episodes of that?
I'm kinda partial to Tachibanakan Triangle?
(bonus to that one for having I think 4 minute episodes? Something like that)
But uh.....I Can't Understand What My Husband Is Saying?
~~Madoka Magica~~
Healing anime?
Oh yeah that one I've heard extensively about how bad it was.
Was that incorrect?
I heard Dino Charge was pretty good.
BUT DID YOU KNOW that for the space of a single episode of Akibaranger, Saban's Masked Rider existed in the same universe as Black RX and J, the Kamen Rider shows it took footage from?
Yeah pretty much.
At least Sky High wasn't Zoom.
Hey.
Oh, fun.
I'm about 3.2 episodes in, I'm aware of the gore.
I went into that one expecting it to be a relatively short(er) watch 'cause there's only 13 episodes per season for 2 seasons but nope the episodes are double-length so it's basically a regular Kamen Rider show in length.
With Amazons in there somewhere
Hey man once I pick Fourze back up and finish that up, it's Ryuki, Den-O, and then Decade in that order.
It's been like...years....since I did.
I still kinda want a Kamen Rider adaptation if only so I have an excuse to watch an English-language show.
They're stuck with what Sentai gives them mostly.
Unfortunately not really a thing Power Rangers can work with.
It was probably explicitly referencing back/echoing the OG Gundam for the first few iterations, but that probably just entrenched it.
Bingo
Why does every Sentai team leader wear red?
I dunno.
That sort of music performance culture thing isn't something I ever really understood the attraction to.
It's also just kinda boring to me?
NOW INTO THE TRASH IT GOES
Gears pretty much yell their beliefs/personalities/problems at the world and whoever they're up against when fighting.
Songs _of_ and _from_ the heart.
I'm just suggesting you find subs that sub the songs 'cause they're important for the characters.
I mean yeah whatever you like about the show is whatever you like about it, you do you.
The franchise lives and dies by the songs.
Not all.
It has _some_ songs subbed.
(also when you hit S4 you'll need them _anyway_ 'cause it never got licensed)
Yeah, I'd suggest  trying to find good fansubs for Gear purely for the song subs.
Also Crunchyroll doesn't have all the song subs....
I think they said they had finished S1?
Yeah but it's edgy trash that I wanted to watch.
Surprisingly, very little on that list I care about.
>WIXOSS gone

fuck I was going to get around to that sometime
I mentally associate you guys more with the Zesshoushinais
I apologize most profusely.
I had, in fact, forgotten that you'd done them since it _was_ post-season Blu-Rays.
Ah, true.
Unless you're the kind of person who binges 7-8 episodes a night, anyway.
I mean just grab the first couple episodes of G right now and do the rest over time?
https://kiboutoyume.wordpress.com/projects/
https://c.milkteafuzz.com/#/shows/completed
Uh, Commie Subs for G and AXZ, HOPES AND DREAMS for GX
A song that is the entire school reaching out to try and inspire/bring hope to Hibiki.
Like there's an actual mental disconnect and she can't go "oh it's a song".
Hell at the big SYMPHOGEEEAAAAR Deus Ex Machina moment she literally goes "what the fuck is this" at people singing.
If singing is coded with making friends and reaching out to understand other people then it makes some sense that Fine, a character who does not try to understand people and considers herself the _only_ person who can achieve her goal, at no point sings.
Comparing who sings and who doesn't in this show is interesting.
It's just an observation that's borne up by the first season, and later seasons continue with.
For the second question.
Not really?
100% of the time when they're fighting.
It's an interesting take on the "making friends" shtick for magical girls since in this show, Gears by in-universe mechanics are opening their hearts to their opponents.
Eh, for some people I guess.
Also being bugfuck nuts
It's OK, it was just a nosebleed.
Just solid half and half, jumping between the two.
No bridging or transitions.
Making an anime of Hollow Atraxia would be half serious dark plot and half fucking SoL Gohan-tier shit.
But what if I want shitty romantic comedy WITH A TWIST
Their hair color and style is sooooorta similar and that's about it.
A streaming service.
It has, however, not aired yet pretty sure.
Kotobuki is on HIDIVE, I think.
I'm not 100% on that being accurate but I'm hopeful.
Also yeah contrived as shit for drama.
The middle was painful for me to watch. And not in the usual "oh god the emotions" sorta way but in the "this is entirely too real for me" sorta thing.
I kinda like the beginning and the end but the middle is bleh
It does some things that I like, but it also does a lot of things that I don't.
I'm less fond of the sequel myself.
Which is Episode 1
Arguably finding out "oh there's these monsters attacking and trying to destroy God" can qualify as things going to hell. 😛
I mean.
get cross dragon
If we want to discuss spoilers then yeah I guess?
That's..... a thing.
So Madoka saying she thinks the laws are more important would be said in the context of Godoka who _is_ a law.
Also the question is framed in the context of "is it more important to leave behind the system that doesn't let Homura be with Madoka or break it in order to fulfill her desires"
So once again you can't really claim that what anybody not Homura says is 100% true.
Yeah at that point Homura is actively trying to shut away any of those inconvenient memories/thoughts in frankly the entire cast that would disagree with her.
You can't assume that what the former says is absolutely applicable to the latter.
The Madoka inside the barrier is not the actual Godoka who made the decision to wish.
That's my point about miscommunication.
Yeah.
Well, non-Madoka people to help
Her inability to allow other people to help with her emotional well-being and assuming that she's the only one who can fix/solve problems doesn't help either.
I think Homura is absolutely in the wrong with her actions, but at the same time it does make sense where she was coming from.
It's hard to protect a god when you're a mere mortal.
Her wish _was_ `I want to redo my first encounter with Kaname-san. But this time, instead of her protecting me, I want to become strong enough to protect her!`, with emphasis on the last part.
Also I don't think Homura was able to conceive of/handle a world where she doesn't have to protect Madoka.
There's also a element of miscommunication going on - what partially gives Homura the _push_ is her talking to the Madoka inside her barrier and being told by that Madoka that she (Madoka) wouldn't want to go and leave everyone behind (IIRC anyway, it's something like that), which Homura takes to mean that Godoka also feels the same way, which isn't necessarily accurate as the Madoka inside the barrier doesn't have any of the perspective/reasoning that led to Godoka.
I agree on the Lawful Neutral take.
Kyubey's.....not.
Evil implies malevolence of some variety.
I want that to be real.
Goddamit
Yep.
Ah, ok.
Do you read the manga?
That's conveyed very poorly.
Also the whole supernatural water sword stuff kind of comes out of nowhere? It's introduced as a physical boosting technique, but I guess it also lets him shoot water out of his sword or something.
And then episode 3 covering an entire 2-year timespan really quickly.
And during the Final Exam, it's built up as a 7 day survival mission but we get Tanjiro having his big confrontation with the demon that killed all of Urokodaki's previous students in the same episode (and night) the exam starts, and then maybe 5-10 minutes into the next episode we've skipped past the rest of the 6 days to the end.
'cause like....at the end of the latest episode we find out that Urokodaki implanted hypnotic suggestions into Nezuko's mind to help ensure she doesn't go off the deep end and I'm left wondering A) where this came from because there's been no indication of shit like that, B) the wording makes it sound like he did it while she was asleep which is raises further questions as to how he did it, and C) makes me feel like it's removing a lot of Nezuko's agency because all of her actions now have to be filtered through the lens of "is something in here triggering those suggestions he put in and altering her reaction thusly".
Or take the time to introduce the stuff before making use of it.
I'm actually getting a little annoyed at Demon Slayer being so......rushed? Kinda? It feels like they throw stuff at the wall without bothering to explain it.
Same.
Animation is fucking gorgeous.
Oh yeah.
And as I said, maybe there's going to be a plot point down the line where they're broken or just fade away and she keeps acting the same because that's who she is.
Mmm.
But as it stands they're all-encompassing enough that I don't know if we can really take her behavior as indicative of what she's like as she is.
Unless it's going to be a later plot point that she is no longer affected by them or something.
I just feel like it's a barrier that's going to keep Nezuko from really being her own character, if you get what I mean.
Oh no, I'm not really complaining about their existence - I totally understand _why_ he would do that.
2005 is not forever.
>Gundam
>potentially not political

ahahahaahahahahaahahah
During the ToP flashbacks at the very beginning.
And substituted punching people
She clearly missed out on that classic orphan backstory of hard manual labor.
one way to put it
That's uh
You're going to see _that_
Vivid Strike
Oh my god
She's only done that like....twice.
Guns have significant advantages over melee weapons.
Yeah it's part the mecha thing and part because it's.....sorta technically half-realistic military tactics?
I mean.
The same movie that finally proves that Alisa has parents.
Ah yes.
I'm slightly tilted that neither Alisa nor Suzuka kept their supernatural origins in Nanoha, but then again they also never really _did_ anything.
'cause they're lifting stuff from the eroge.
Like why the hot springs episode features Kyouya and the sister/Shinobu love triangle thing for no apparent reason that's never relevant.
Oh yeah and all this isn't really important because the actual TH3 storyline is about Kyouya bodyguarding an childhood friend Idol after she survived an assassination attempt.
Triangle Hearts was also some weird-ass kitchen sink fantasy stuff - Suzuka and her sister were vampires, their maids were robots, and Alisa is a ghost.
And I think Linith (or Proto-Arf maybe?) is her pet cat.
In which Lindy is her fairy companion and Chrono is a villain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_RBghAfiW8
The Nanoha first anime is technically a redo of the _first_ Nanoha spinoff - Lyrical Toybox.
Well, sorta.
Her parents know she's as straight as a rainbow
Let's be real
And thereby making it dead certain that she can't be a ghost.
Same.
That's some bad 60 fps
it sucks
And like
I've seen that method a few times before on Youtube
The timing doesn't work out at all.
If by "meta", you mean blackwings that's been disproven.
Sayer/Divine
It shows up in Episode 24. Of 146.
As the Tier 1 power-up.
Shining Draw is just exceptional because it just fucking _makes_ the card.
Actually _everybody_ does it.
"drawing the card you need to win" is pretty standard Heart of the Cards-type stuff.
I mean.
Zexal is on the higher end of the scale of Yugioh bullshit.
If not more.
That phrase describes at least 3 people by the end of the show.
Yeah.
I'm just kind of surprised that an anime makes it to 5 seasons without western audiences....becoming aware of it, I guess?
I'm not suggesting there should be a correlation.
Oh no
It never quite clicks with me at how Gear's made it to 5 seasons while still being pretty unknown in the West.
The fire animation's pretty, but I can't really speak much beyond that.
Yeah but if they ever come out and _say_ that there'd be a lot of backlash.
IIRC a manga bonus chapter or something explicitly said that his identity wouldn't be revealed.
"might"
Which is probably where the breathing technique came from in the first place.
Especially since I'm like 90% sure now he's descended in a physical or spiritual sense from the guy who fucked up Muzan enough that he wants to kill Tanjiro just for wearing those ear things.
"what are you even doing you're doing everything wrong for Water Dragon back to the mountain for remedial training"
Or maybe we see him practicing it or something off-hand?
And that having this breathing technique would have made the whole Demon Slayer Corp recruitment in episode 1 make a lot more sense because "oh hey you already have some of the skills down so you have a leg up".
My annoyance with it isn't that it happened, but that it is presented as something that should have had build-up to not come out of nowhere.
Yeah
But the sheer Deus Ex Machina involved sours it, at least for me.
Hype and pretty to look at yeah
Did you see the Kemurikusa 12.1 episode that was posted onto twitter?
The ED for 11 was pretty great as well.
It was a bit lower-quality than the rest of the show, and for such a climactic moment it kinda drained a bit of life out of it.
Honestly the only animation bits I really want fixed up is in the final battle in the final episode.
But the plot and characters made up for it more than enough.
I honestly thought I'd get super tired of the animation at some point.
But other than that I can't really complain about it.
I hope the BDs clean up the animation a bit.
It's pretty good.
I'd say its worst flaw is being part of the post-Madoka mahou shoujo thing.
It's solid.
-slash- Episode 3
Tonally
The entire first half of movie two is _weird_
Though I have problems with the adaptation in general.
If only because it's really obvious that they were chopped up for the anime?
I prefer the movies.
At least for characters.
Sequel relies on knowledge of it.
Prequel
Short and and heals my heart reading it
https://archiveofourown.org/works/3100709

```Not everyone recovers from battle. It's okay. There are ways to love music without a voice. There are ways to listen when you're deaf.```
There's a nice little fanfic involving that I found.
I feel like it'd have been more uplifting had they kept their disabilities and been happy despite them.
Yeah.
Ah.
S1?
Wait
"I have this power to help people, so I am going to help people."
Snow White literally turns into EMIYA minus the violence.
(everyone else is dead, so....)
At least for the protagonists.
MGRP doesn't really have an unhappy ending, even.
Happy or generally positive endings are kinda part of the formula.
Like what
I mean.
Or something like that
It finished back in....April last year?
Yeah that's it
Nogi Wakaba Is A Hero, IIRC
Yep
So you have _visuals_
Or read the prequel prequel manga
Because that makes it _all better_
Yeah you're right
They're around 10
Actually no
Who doesn't want to watch 12-year old kids knowing they're going to end up crippled and/or dead?
LETS ENJOY KAGAWA LIFE
In the context of someone who came into it from the latest anime.
Which is _weird_
I heard about that
Yeah
And was also a lot different in tone.
IIRC the OG Dororo never actually reached a conclusion?
S3 never happened because the author got arrested for tax evasion.
S3 isn't happening for entirely unrelated reasons
No
Uh
I dunno what to tell you.
-shrugs- Because I don't?
I honestly couldn't tell the difference between the two seasons of Log Horizon.
But at the same time yeah a new studio with a new animation style would be a pretty jarring shift.
Bones could do it well, I think.
God Eater was Not Great yeah
That's not refuting the point
And would
I mean yes I absolutely could.
Also fuck you Zenitsu is great
Ufotable quality is definitely giving it a boost that it wouldn't have otherwise.
Demon Slayer is like....above average Shonen, I think?
I just feel confused about their choice of words
I mean obviously
Dr. Stone and AoT are Battle Shonen?
>Battle Shonen
I can't really comment on any of the other things.
JoJo is formulaic and pretty similar all the time, so refreshing isn't what I'd use.
Though I guess "consistent" doesn't imply anything about the level of quality or the speed of the pace.
My Hero Academia being consistent isn't what I've been hearing recently about the current manga arc, as well as what I've heard about it re: 16 page chapters
It's pretty typical shonen that is riding high on Ufotable quality.
Demon Slayer is OK
It's a good song
(Clipped out the translation release dates because those aren't really indicative of anything other than how long it takes stuff to get translated)

I'm just surprised he got another one published.
He's still _writing_
(and like 4-5 more Web Novels published online)
There's literally only one published LN past where S2 ended.
That's also another reason why S3 hasn't happened yet.
I'm honest-to-god shocked that another LN got published after what I presume to be current contract when the tax evasion stuff happened ran out.
I don't off-hand remember if he actually spent time in jail or not, but getting convicted basically made him super unappealing.
She was acting though
Release the Spyce
So there's huge swathes of canon that are unexplored.
It probably helps we very rarely find out shit that isn't immediately relevant to the story at hand.
Or maybe he never did and is just doing his usual specific wording thing.
If he did, maybe he forgot.
He doesn't think he ever specified that things would be nullified.
As he says
I mean.
From an interview in the UBW animation materials
```Nasu: You don't have to die. For example... if you were to take fire damage, once you recover you would gain +100 resistance to fire.
Takeuchi: Oh, feels like it has been toned-down. Wouldn't it have completely nullified it before?
Nasu: I said it won't work, but I don't think I've ever said it'll be negated. BB: "Mine is to nullify all attacks, Macho-san's is to triple his defense! What's the difference!?" Heracles: "It's not even close (to your hacked ability)!"
Takeuchi: No matter how you put it, it's an overpowered skill.```
And win through attrition
You can just turn it into a contest of mana
Or the analogy goes something like that.
It just grants '100% defense'
`Yeah but once he gets killed by a NP his NP makes him immune to the NP that killed him... that's why servants like Lancer can't beat Heracles`

I'd have to dig to find the source on this, but God Hand doesn't grant "immunity".
But not the YGO Zexal dub, where the second OP is the far superior one.
The second OPs of both seasons of IBO
Extremely.
no mantling a foxgirl in this series
Give me my complete Three Great Youkai teamup
Everyone should watch it.
Flip Flappers is good civ
It doesn't ruin the entire show unless there's some retroactive reveal stuff involved, but it leaves me unsatisfied.
I mean my general opinions are still valid.
I don't necessarily _dislike_ a lot of what goes into Spyce's climax and what happens in it, but the exact details and  the way in which they were executed, just....eugh
I just feel robbed of a perfectly good climax.
The rest of the show is still good.
I mean.
With the one major flaw at the exact place you wouldn't want it to be.
Everything else is really good through and through.
I just hate that the final episode drops the ball so damn hard.
Spyce is a really good show.
Not exceptional, but it was cute and was consistently so.
Colors was cute.
BISCUIT HAMMER ANIME WHEN
Oh god I'd forgotten about Planet With, damn.
Yandere doesn't appeal to me.
I watched the first episode of HSL but I don't think I watched anything else.
Yeah now I'm wondering
Which makes me wonder what the fuck the original LN was like?
The anime was very eh, but it never super felt like it had the kind of slow pacing that you got out of Rokka.
....you know, at least Grimoire of Zero didn't _feel_ like a single volume?
That having the rad inca(?) aesthetic was wasted on that anime sucks.
Aw fuck dont' talk to me about Rokka
That's either a huge-ass amount of expansion the anime did or one wildly long LN.
Jesus fuck
Just 1.
Volume _1_
Wait what
So it's unlikely that they did manage that insane feat.
But there were LNs published after the anime's run.
Compressing, if they did.
Does it continue past where the anime ended?
Endro is good fluff
Pretty sure that's Railgun
The DxD S3 ending was so bad the author wrote an extra LN specifically to retcon it out of existence.
poooooiiii
poi poi
poi
If the story had been _focused_ on her, then they'd have been able to do her well.
I think most of the issues with her stem, again, from the lack of focus.
Well, that's fair.
Mmm
I don't actually think Fubuki is problematic?
The movie was alright _primarily_ because it enjoyed that singular focus.
The anime tried to be three different things at the same time, and it didn't work because they were three very different things. If they'd focused on only one of them, it would probably have been fine.
KC anime was a mess
god I hope not
It's  basically impossible for their to be a post-game Azur Lane plot, both because we have no fucking clue what the plot is and because the plot's nowhere near done.
Azur Lane's plot and canon are so bonkers I legitimately don't know if they're going to play the plot safe with a WW2 analogue thing or go completely wild  and dive into Siren lore.
But we'll see how it plays out.
Except that's not actually the main story.
Which is WW2 but with shipgirls.
Episode 1 of the anime is technically set up for what's nominally the main story?
Not really
no
Uh
No public release, nothing.
I mean as far as I know that's the only place it's been shown.
They're just taking it very slow, apparently.
Yeah it's a thing.
And is a furry
Who doesn't kill monsters
The one about the Wrestler
No Guns Life
Or the image anyway.
Pretty sure the manga is where that meme comes from.
I mean that's not Code Ment-exclusive
Also the entire Soul Eater arc.
"They're getting away, we're going after them!"
"But we're in a submarine!"
"FUCK THAT"
Code Ment is great
Voyager is a name, not a class and also not written by Nasu
Alter Ego is a CCC thing
Beast has literally been around since Prototype
No
(and Ana is Lancer Medusa but that's plot)
For GO purposes, Medusa = Rider Medusa, and Gorgon = Avenger Medusa

But Gorgon refers to a speciifc Servant
Well yes
No
Off the top of my head, vore: Gorgon
Sheba is also like half-Djinn
Not to say that Nasu writes everything in GO.
But it's the prerogative of a writer to write the kind of story they want to write, which yeah can involve what appeals to them personally.
He drew that Edison and Nasu loved it.
Oh that was the artist's fault, IIRC
All that shit she does is 100% what she was doing back then during her reign.
Remember that Artoria never died in Fate/Stay Night.
Nasu history gets increasingly high fantasy shonen as you go backwards.
Oh no
The Heroic Spirits when they were alive are vastly stronger than Servant selves except under some specific circumstances.
Servants are a limited package deal.
Uh
Being a Servant would probably be a downgrade for him compared to being alive.
But yes, that's actual living Gil.
Enkidu is dead, so no.
But there's also a lot of stray Servants who show up in Singularities/events.
Sometimes yes, they are actual living beings.
No
Uh
The Grail War _uses_ Servants/Heroic Spirits, but they aren't a concept specific to that ritual.
If you summon a Servant, you are their Master.
Master and Servants isn't a Grail War specific relationship.
Who are "they"
(the anime, I mean)
I can't wait to find out if they'll actually give us context for the underground civilization extinction/Romeo+Juliet incident or not.
Babylonia is pretty great
And like half of London is pointless side-questing
Orleans, Septem, and Okeanos are pretty boring honestly
And is sometimes wrong
As long as you accept that the wiki ain't great.
`based on that game with Nero`

this hurts me
....that doesn't narrow it down.
Which one do you mean
There's the Age of Gods, Age of Man, and Age of Will
Uh
But that's an entire different thing.
I'm holding out for Angel Notes characters somehow
Well
EMIYA is a Counter Guardian, not a Heroic Spirit.
But a "future" Servant would have to A) be something people would like, B) believably establish themselves as a badass, and C) overcome the fact that being a Heroic Spirit is basically impossible in the present, much less the future
And also has an entire route plus of the VN dedicated to making you learn about him.
EMIYA works because he's Shirou and thus a main character
Like
I mean, "future" Servants are tricky because you're basically just asking the audience to accept that this person is an utter badass with no pre-existing backing.
Plenty of historical ones left
Nah.
Except you and Okita reinforce her existence enough that she can continue onward and be resummoned.
Who in her event story was basically intended to be a bomb and blow up a Singularity if the first plan failed.
The other new CG we have is Okita Alter
But still has connections to Iri anyway because TRU WUV and stuff
He's from an alternate timeline where he never met the Einzberns.
EMIYA (Assassin) is Kerry yeah
An useless pile of fat
And one of her NPs is suspiciously similar to the Moon Cell
Especially since it's Jinako
I haven't found good translations.
yeah but I think there's weird stuff going on there
Especially since she can canonically override any class she _should_ be with Foreigner
It's not a class in the same sense as anything else.
It's basically what she calls herself
Like
Moon Cancer is literally just BB
Often very random stuff
Writers make shit up
That's how stories work
The entire feckin' plot is basically him writing out D&D campaign shit he probably did in high school.
Literally everything is made up by him
Dude's the main writer/author/controller of this universe
Like
`are just random things Nasu came up with`

Also I'm legitimately confused how this is supposed to be something critical?
Everyone's got a Holy Grail inside of themselves.
Also yeah Requiem's weird
All we know is that Voyager isn't The Little Prince or the guy who wrote that book
But there's nothing to actually support that speculation
Could it be his class? Sure maybe
Like
yeah 'cause we know shit all about that character
Surprise, one of them isn't one.
Oh, Kowashitai is talking about EN
Part 1 was the singularities, Part 1.5 was basically mini-Singularities, and Part 2 is alternate timelines (put simply)
Yeah.
I desperately want to know more
One of which turns out to be settling an interspecies disupte before it turns into war between the surface and the underground, involving a lava zone in the suburbs.
This particular chapter of the singularity is basically just you doing sidequesty stuff to grind reputation points.
It very much is
You enter a fight with a flaming hellscape inferno battlefield, and when you beat it you get this as an explanation
There is no further elaboration
This consists of the entire context


Hang on, lemme get screenshots
Oh no
Netflix is hard into the binge-watching thing.
Apparently one of the characters goes "why does literally everyone else on the team have some weird-ass non-standard super fighting robot", which sounds funny as hell.
Join the club.
Which was poorly communicated.
I wasn't doubting you, but more commenting on how "classic, from a certain point of view" is a pretty vague description.
You could call a lot of things classic.
I have heard of it before.
The other girl looks a _lot_ like Fate.
No I mean I thought that was a Nanoha screenshot.
_not_ Nanoha
Oh huh
With the tail, I mean.
Wait who is that?
all the right to be badass
But she has like
But then as soon as you need one, you'll mourn not having one.
>nothing has a disk drive

I specifically installed a disk drive that I've used all of once into my PC because I can't imagine _not_ having one
120p resolution. <:Ver:336656981144109066>
And not the fun kind
Getting smashed
Wait the new SSSS Gridman or the OG Toku one?
https://twitter.com/protokahn/status/1195816682624675840?s=21
or Symphogear isekai'ing somewhere else
Isekai'ing _into_ Symphogear
Girls last tour is funny and sad and heartwarming and a mood
It'd probably have been a lot bigger and more well-recieved.
If it had aired 5 years ago?
It missed the zeitgeist where it would have done well.
Yeah taking them up on that deal would mean I'd have to own Franxx
Order (and eat) your own today
Delicious family-friendly mascot
japes the steaks
Yeah
I'm better with recognizing faces, but names......yeah no
like me
you could just be bad with names
I mean
One of the reasons why I like the manga version of Shokudo better is because it at least tries to have something of a narrrative.
Oh that's good to hear.
Is it as repetitive as Shokudo was?
Description sounds like Isekai Shokudo, which I enjoyed, so I'll give it a try.
What anime is that?
Enjoying life
Sounds like she's doing well
I'm absolutely fine with it being like that
hearing you say that
I mean
Fist 1, Reason 0
all he wants is for people to play his games
Tet is just Todd Howard
>Mitsuboshi Colors

oh that one's cute
oh I saw the first episode of that
>magic of Stella
It's going to be about as gay as the first episode was.
but that's a girl and a boy tho
bang
And  Youjo Senki is at 45 _lengthy_ chapters and still not up to where the anime ended.
What anime?
August of 2018 yep
"released"
I do Kamen Rider and I'm looking to try Garo
I don't watch Sentai?
I mean
Also I might stop pirating tokusatsu stuff when I _can_ watch that legally.
I'll stop pirating anime when it's reasonable to watch it all legally and when the subs aren't shit
That would have been rad yeah
which is an attempt to adapt as much of the VN into a single route as they could.
It's good for what it is
clearly if they're saying tanks are trash
Even if they're familiar with games where tank roles aren't really a thing, unless you're suggesting that Shield Hero's world is the only of the four where the concept of a tank is present then they should at least be aware of what it is and how it can help.
Or just Yuusha
other than the catsite
Not sure who does
Yeah Crunchy doesn't have S2 on it
plus the prequel prequel LN/manga story which god willing might get an animated adaptation
Only getting the two is just frustrating
I'm super upset we didn't get all three Great Disaster Youkai teaming up in NoWaYu
Yeah it's mostly just a "how things ended up they way they are" story
prequel prequel
and rewatch it
Maybe I should find fansubs for it sometime
but that's a shit translation because it's a name
is what it means
which yes
but whoever did the official subs for S2 was just called the Taisha "Amnesty" all the time
but not bad
maybe not quality?
like
I don't think there's anything super objectionable about Crunchy's subs for S1, tbh
The prequel movies basically spoil a major twist in the show.....basically from the moment you see the main characters.
Yeah do that
but they shouldn't watch it first
Washio Sumi is a prequel yeah
No, it's about order of watch
have you seen S1
wait Death
shocker
Unless you have some specific reason to watch the movies over the episodes
than get both S2 and the movies
so it's probably easier to just find a collection of S2 subs
But the sequel series that's the second half of S2 wasn't
Yeah probably
pretty much by chopping them in half
but each movie got turned into 2 episodes
Washio Sumi was originally released as 3 movies
So
oh, huh
and I'd have liked to see her become that person
because I honestly think where she ends up is pretty fucking cool
which is frustrating
Becuase she doesn't _become_ that character on-screen
it comes out of nowhere
so when we get to the ending however many months later and we see her being this badass pacifist fighter who goes out and physically stops people from fighting each other
she spends the entire plot waffling around and being concerned while everyone else murders themselves around her
at literally no point during MGRP does Snow White actually _do_ anything
I mean
that I haven't watched yet
second two are, to my understanding, a somewhat different plot with mostly different characters
Yeah first two seasons of WIXOSS are pretty good
and all that change happens off-screen between the end of the climax and the post-script
it's entirely too bad we at no point see her becoming that character
The most interesting part of the MGRP anime, for me, was where Snow White ended up post-series
which the anime wasn't
except that they're upfront about ninja girl being the second protagonist
I know very little about the LNs
at least the anime
I have too many problems with MGRP to recommend it
I should note that NoWaYu also has a manga adaptation
"the rest of the LNs make her a better character" doesn't exactly refute my criticism that in the material the anime adapts, she's pretty bad
I mean
which makes it really frustrating when we spend so much time with Snow White and she has neither
the other characters all have some combination of character development and interesting personalities
The thing is
She's the focus character and the one the anime follows, for the most part
with two characters actually dying to protect her
she spends the entire plot doing nothing to try and change things
but nop
😮
just the specific shot
nah
https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/890/739/a7d.gif
the suicide knights/Roe2/bitch queen, etc
That's probably a consequence of the arc touching on a lot of stuff outside of the kids growing and going on an adventure by themselves
The Log Horizon Junior Squad is great
you also get to watch the kids grow up and make a place in the world for themselves
But it's a valid point that murder isn't anywhere near as serious a crime as it was IRL
I mean, on a larger level they decided to keep that on the lowdown
because people can respawn when they die, death is basically not a concern
And how their experiences IRL might _not_ apply
And the inherent problems that come with that
A very large chunk of S1 is based around creating a society
while Log Horizon is "how do we live in this world"
But in general yeah SAO is focused on "how do we escape/beat this game"
but it's a definite thing
I mean yeah it was only just getting around to exploring that towards the end of S2.
But in a world that mimics the game
It becomes pretty clear they're not trapped in the game.
-waggles hand- LH is definitely an Isekai
I'd argue that they're only in the same genre if you consider SAO an isekai (which I don't).
I think that's the only arc in S2 where she plays a major role
Which means.....probably the serial killer arc
That narrows it down somewhat
when?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW6sEkTGbUc
<@!87512939107450880> <@!468591607332208641> <@!152896851660505088>
this happened
speaking of that conversation a day or two ago
oh hey
https://twitter.com/AIR_News01/status/1219818185832034305
I think
I've heard of it
to China!
and then Krusty gets to go on a vacation
Krusty: "Come be an ambassador to Akihabara, Princess. You'll be able to get away from all the bothersome court functions you don't like."
Lenessia: "that sounds like a really good deal"

-smash cut to a month later-
Lenessia, buried in paperwork: "Damn you Krusty"
Krusty, off murdering monsters: "lol"
Why don't emotes work with Shirabe?
You aren't anime enough
Nothing? I just like conclusive ones better
not just on a "and then life continues" open thing in case they do well enough for a sequel
Properly end, anyway
And we don't get a lot of those, as compared to the former
"because you keep doing this"
you lucky bastard
that cheap?
seriously
wait
why do you ask
never
-hides Steam library-

no
>own in on Blue Ray
>hasn't watched it yet

really?
watch it
flip flap
flip flap
Flip flap
watch it
jii_delete friendship
it's a pretty good meme
to be fair
literally anything from the prequel is spoilers if you haven't seen S1
and uh
It's Dess' first time watching
spoiler that
uh
Sonoko is very good
And also Sonoko
but have you considered Itsuki
Togo is good
Yuusha _PUNCH_
||I love making all the Kawata Shoujo jokes and there's this one little fanfic alt ending to S1 that runs with it that I love to bits precisely because it goes that route||
Mmm
episode 5 is a good place to stop
oh yeah
>checks
It was only ever released in the anime form
That's all I  have for you
find a torrent for the second season?
uh
and/or the majority of the scenes being in places/locations that don't require special assistance for her to navigate/reach
Which might be my memory more than the show, tbh
but beyond one thing I can't remember more
There are more moments like that, yeah
wouldn't that just be As
15 shows in there
there's like
of course
welp
So it's nice to get new stuff with it.
I've missed the Madoka aesthetic, tbh
then _someone let those poor animators rest_
and they were releasing them weekly
and it was the 3rd one
but but called an "episode"
if it was a movie
it was an episode
If you're pointless, go die
as long as they're useful and worth something
Tanya cares about people
deep spoiler content: ||for a certain value of "benevolent" yes||
-shrugs- mini whoops
uh
Can't really go deeper.
I mean the first and probably obvious layer is that it's a benevolent theocracy.
On a lot of different levels
The government is _interesting_ in Yuki Yuna
That's the only thing it will ever say
it says a single phrase
well
amazing is what she is
When I first watched the show, my guess was something like "well you're a cripple so you get more powers to make up for that"
but yeah, Togo's badass
oh, you're actually watching it now
3 spirits, yeah?
look at Togo
nah
what _just_ Yuna
have fun wondering which one
and happens
There's been at least one thing we've outright told you so far that's actual fact
to get their alpha waves
that's why they're eating humans
they're not mutually exclusive
or both, really
odds are good she's either the ultimate Jesus savior or the anti-Christ who's rejecting their origins
I mean, Yuna's the main character
or she was always possessed, either/or really
and becomes the final boss that way
Karin gets possessed by the gods
Alternately
it's actually Fu who ends the world
Yeah Kaguya's clearly lying
And Togo has the plot hooks yet to resolve
Yuna is the main character, she dies in the final episode
Karin isn't in the opening credits yet, so she's in the running
but because she's the Mami expy, everyone's going to expect her to die, so they can instead kill off her little sister in a twist that also hurts Fu just as much
Fu, obviously, is the Mami expy
is the order of killability
is the order of killability
Fu > Itsuki > Karin > Togo > Yuna
that doesn't have shock value
they can't kill off someone who isn't in the opening credits
Fu is clearly the mami
don't worry
||and also to realize how hilarious my initial guess was in response to the actual reasons||
same
"they didn't tell me about _this_ at hero camp what gives"
watch more
||-I'm laughing and crying in equal measure||
||yes||
RIP
oh
a lot better
like
5's better
uh
Yeah, his first transformation I think
I love it when the costume comes on piece by piece
side note: Yuna's first transformation was _amazing_
gods dead
series over
and then bam
Yuna's Hero Punch vs. the gods and the gods lose
That's the endgame
that's the plan
and punching them in the face
going up to all the gods
like
no, punching god
Side note: I can't remember where this is, but have you seen the flashback to when Itsuki joins the Hero Club?
clearly skill derived from many loops of practice
2 minutes
she can program a functional web page in like
so she can farm sympathy points
she doesn't fix her disability at the start of each loop
But unlike Homura
Because she was traumatized by having to kill them
Clearly all that good karma from being heroes in her past lives
but everyone else are just normal humans
and then we can talk about how Itsuki and Karin are actually human incarnations of Amaterasu and Susanoo
your clearance level will go up
Yuna is Togo's special person
you'll find out
excellent question
9 is _ooof_ though
7 is....hmmm
shit no you're right
uh
maybe 4
so that's probably 3 more
hmm
disabilities are forever
welcome to japan
smell wouldn't be much of a loss
so like half the year my nose is stuffed up anyway
I have pollen allergies
I mean
who knows
maybe it is just strain
maybe
might be a coincidence
it looks that way
welll
IIRC
I don't remember which one off-hand but yeah she's deaf in one ear.
that's a fucking great eyepatch
I told you
also yes
what makes me sad about that scene specifically is that they didn't have the music only coming from one side
no shit though a magical girl show that's purely about the aftermath and recovery of magical girls after the beat up the big bad demon
Kawata Shoujo time
"congrats, you saved the world"
It looks good on her
she rocks that eyepatch, not going to lie
I'll keep it in mind though
doing other stuff
I haven't watched that above one yet
eh, maybe
there's been at least two truths
>lie
guess who
one of them died but came back to life as a zombie
don't worry
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmm
I haven't read the VN, what scene
you know what
actually
for maximum Big Brother
also then you can embed tracking software into the app
it'll pay for itself
or something super cheap
25 cents each
I dunno
and have a bunch of stickers and icons and themes and stuff for like
make a public version
because like
it can't even be a resources thing
How are they supposed to explain that?
because what if the Heroes have a friend who isn't one, and wants to get in on the app?
Hell, it makes the whole "secret Heroes" thing easier
That looks and works the same, but without the hero system functionality?
Yeah but they can't, I dunno, just program a non-magic version in parallel?
they can't have a non-magic version of it or whatever?
that the Taisha took their _phones_ and the chat app is a pretty dick move
real talk
actually
Kamaitachi
wind weasle
oh
wait which one
that is a fairly cute stretch of episodes
mmmm
Western zodiac, specifically
zodiac, yeah
how could they
no
>government
>lying

what
mmmmmmmm
that's something
they did get free medical care
I mean
and also in the sequel
They'll get more into it later in the season
It's complicated
-waggles hand-
Crunchyroll doesn't have someone on staff to bat for it
never
maybe?
if you click the link it should work?
yeah
(click the link for the animated version to get the joke I guess)
that's weird
why isn't it animated
wait htat didn't work
||http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-NUuNKCP3G4I/Tzl3RiAT2cI/AAAAAAAAAyY/4iLcmrdkcug/s1600/reverse-1233928590_citizen+kane+clapping.gif||

Yuki Yuna spoiler. 😛
||Like Chikage||
||"lost||
that's a thing
'cause yeah
explanation for what
uh
that's fair
because then it's malice, not incompetence
Them being a dick would make it arguably _worse_
it's still a stupid plot hole
The Taisha's relative dickhood or not
Look
it's super easy
Just build a data dump export function
So why did they have to take the _physical_ phones to get the data off of them?
and presumably had a perfectly normal phone
because Yuna installed the app before she found out about being a Hero
it _can't_ be hardware
They somehow got to the point of releasing a dub before figuring this out
Both of those shows are very good.
there's a _reason_ she's an invalid
Yeah
20 times
_hah_
(unless she outright says it, I don't remember)
bandage girl
lol
I meant Sonoko
wait fu ck
want to guess how many time Togo flowered?
they killed the first during the big final battle
Which comes as a pair
fun fact: That Vertex they fought at the start of the episode is the Gemini one
here we go
oh shit
going through with suicide 10 times is not _kind of_
>kind of
Togo does _not_ fuck around when she puts her mind to something
yep
give her a guitar, guitars are cool
maybe a string instrument
drums
I dunno
_give her some slack_
_she's a hero_
_ask the fucking government_
or like
to skid until you can get something better in place
a double helping of theory work
I dunno
just give her like
these fucking teachers
_THANK YOU_
Itsuki is no joke the most well-adjusted and emotionally stable girl in the gang
fuck that plot point
yes
||why does Itsuki _have_ to sing to get a good grade what the hell is that kind of grading bullshit she literally CANNOT speak how the hell do you expect her to complete the curriculum that you're putting on her||
>episode 9

ah right the episode whose B-plot I really hate
yes
Can't have heroes dying from stupid stuff, right
Otherwise you'd have heroes dying all over the place
_man_ that was a good idea to have that show up, right?
Note that the first time we see the hero barrier show up is when Itsuki fucks up her first jump and faceplants into the forest
it's _very_ not going to stop
it's not going to stop
and who very quickly left
He mentioned once doing what was basically a _super_ pagan Satan monologue/description while walking through the woods and turning a corner to find a church youth group who had absolutely heard him coming.
when exercising or such things
There's a fanfic author I know of who apparently does most-to-all of his writing via text-to-speech
Togo's hide themselves well
She's the most obviously large, I think
fuck
_hmmmmm_
the experienced onee-san who introduced the rest of the cast to the supernatural battles with large boobs is having a massive emotional breakdown when the reality of the system is revealed to her
ah yes
yeah maybe after another dozen Mankai she'll be a god
not _exactly_ a god, but it's a fine distinction
close
well
She's _super_ powerful now!
look at Sonoko!
gotta stay alive to fight the Vertex
yep
Togo is very traditional
||and Togo is a Miko||
they're Heroes
I mean
When Itsuki joins the club
she pulls....what a bird out of a hat?
_stage_ magic
the _best_ scene
you found it
oh my god
Or retroactively _introduce_ things
Hmmm
Or talking too much about the prequel yeah
Yeah
Yeah basically
2 years is a good chunk
15
She's like
The gods of the earth are literally the only reason why humanity survived, and continue to survive
Shinju's blessings
That's it
it's one island
Yeah
`Baby Jesus in heaven`

if he'd stayed, maybe there wouldn't be problems
becuase it is
did we mention this was a post-apocalypse
we go
and here
oh my god it's close
also
Like how Fu/Itsuki's parents were part of the Taisha, kinda.
Yeah the Washio were part of the Taisha (which is a bit of an inherited thing really, there's a bunch of families that are part of it), so the prospective Hero got adopted into a family that's _part_ of the Taisha
Her hero potential was so good her parents where very happy to have her go do her patriotic/religious duty.
Yeah
But she has the phone so maybe not.
I don't think it can.
....._can_ the tree take the power back?
I'm curious for my own reasons
Which fansubs did you acquire for S2, by the way?
second half is a sequel
First half ois a prequel
later
I've got another one ready for firing.

oh good I can bring this back up
>end of episode 10
Because this is entertaining as hell
do we?
gay as hell that girl
yeah
Don't the disabilities have no effect while in Mankai?
Heroes just keep going
Heroes can't lose fighting ability
Heroes can't die
It's _fine_
it's _fine_
||KARIN DECLARES THE FIVE OATHS||
this is that scene
yes
_OH BOY_
oh boy
oh boy
sorry
I didn't think that was a spoiler, tbh
ah whoops
Itsuki the best
That's solid enough.
There's a manga version.
really making up for that "why was I the only person left unmutilated" thing, ain't she
Togo's legs were alright, but her memories were a _weird_ choice
sometimes it's all your hearing
sometimes it's the hearing in your left ear
sometimes it's 2 years of memories
It's pretty weirdly arbitrary what gets taken
She'll keep fighting, which means inevitably going Mankai more, which means losing more of herself, etc
Yuna's not one of those people
And while maybe one or two of them might be willing to tell the Taisha to fuck off and refuse to fight
And there's no way out of the Hero system
||dead friend||
there's a prequel spoiler
don't
uh
With minimal changes, if any
The episode versions are basically just them chopped in half
hour
and doesn't want that to happen to Yuna
She sees what's happened to Sonoko
That's more or less it, yeah
Togo baiting the Vertex, though
......I had forgotten that bit
As an example
Togo got the Doc Ock tentacles
not sure how regular hero mode would deal with blindness
Well, Mankai
and she'll be basically normal
so she just needs to be Mankai all the time
cool
yes it is
yes
blond girl is Sonoko
uh
wait where are you getting four from
-shrugs-
you've seen the first season
I mean
Gin's good
Gin!
Movie 2's ending is just.....uh, it's a thing
Stopping on movie 1 is fine
No
stopping on movie 2 would be.....uh, not fun
I mean let's be fair
>starting the prequel

Prepare to meet a trio of _very good girls_
it's great
and can taste them again
also: that expression Yuna has when she tries the noodles
oh my god

Too good for this sinful earth
||I thought it was just a weak point in the barrier to deliberately attract all the Vertex to that one point||
They probably do
I don't remember if they explain why the whole "defend the bridge" bit is a thing or not?
also lets ignore how Gin just drank water several times the size of her own head
I can understand the error
speech-to-text
Vortex: Our water is to die for!
the memes
Yeah that's all movie 2 stuff
like her
Also Sonoko's henshin is a thing of beauty
Not permanently
It's weird that it's _just_ her
Yeah after ||they got the upgraded terminals||
and then later on in the fight was all "yeah no just will it really hard and that'll work"
Fu also started out with "we need to chant to permanently destroy the Vertex"
I mean
Not that I'm aware of
religious stuff probably
Gin is like the OG Hero Club member
while the spacey Sonoko is peering through the bush like a normal person
I love how the straight-laced Togo is the one with the ridiculous spy periscope
||the irony||
||oh my god||
😛
Togo _technically_ got trained
I mean
Karin got actual training
I mean
300 years of cultural language drift probably
Maybe "Red Yuusha"
Togo, proving that she has a type
welcome to the meme queen
(also via Wikipedia)
Yeah but Shikoku has 18800 square kilometers
Rhode Island, the _state_ has 2707 square kilometers of land according to Wikipedia
where the hell are you getting Rhode Island as 4k kilometers
what
uh
S1 takes place primarily in a different one than Washio Sumi does, IIRC
Yeah there's definitely multiple cities at least
That's pretty tiny geographically
as the only bit of the Earth still around?
but uh
it's not _small_ by most standards
like
it's almost 19k square kilometers
I mean
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shikoku
Existent
you've finally met them
oh my god
but eh
Having all these short skits as the first half of the movie is.....not the choice I'd have made
as a movie?
but uh
and can be separated in tone from the second half.
Because the SoL hilarity is its own episode
It works better as anime episodes, I think.
It's a weird tonal choice, honestly
Yeah
of the monitor
those are pictures they're taking on their phone
Those aren't screenshots
Washi's spirit outstrips her ability
||and then Hero saga happens||
and, as per usual for gods, they have some really fucked up fetishes
It turns out this is just porn for half the gods
>gods dick movie
>dick movie
Someone who has read NoWaYu would have to answer 'cause if they do it's there
yeeeeeeeep
that they don't
notice what S1 heroes had
yeah
<:MikuWorry:672908523495227432>
oh no
oh
four legs?
wait crab fight?
if I didn't fuck up basic division
It's, uh....0.0126% of the earth's landmass
I mean, you're still sorta right in that when you consider that _literally everything else_ is fire it's pretty small
That's almost 35 times bigger
Shikoku is 18800
Guam is 540 square kilometers in area
Guam is not bigger
no
uh
So a third the length
I mean alright, then Rhode Island is only 77 kilometers long
That's just a hair under 7 times the size of Rhode Island
spiky circular one?
I think
Leo Vertex is the big boi one yeah
Washio Sumi is a Hero
technically the prequel
Well
Gun > Bow
you can see the Inubozaki family name
on shots of the bridge, with the names of the varioius Taisha families on the pillars
oh, right
some of them probably just woke up after the first cleansing
thousands of years old
It's gods, they're like
more or less
The Taisha created the hero system as it existed in S1 because Gin kicked the bucket and they realized "oh shit we only have limited Heroes, better keep them alive".
I like how the speech-to-text censors "shit" inconsistently
I think they're talking about the NoWaYu prequel prequel?
It's Madoka adjacent
Yuki Yuna is a magical girl show
I mean, I have A) not seen Starlight, and B) just think Flip Flappers is super good in general so you should watch it anyway, reactions aside
flip flap
flip flap
flip flap
flip flap
:p
humanity fucking dies
don't see why not
and possibly getting her to move in next to Yuna
My assumption is that it has something to do with "not being a Hero anymore"
she only gets stronger
it doesn't matter how much she gives up
As long a she's fighting
Because she figures out that right now, at this point, there's no downsides
all the Vertex
and solos like
Yeah
heroes can't die
it's fine though
guess what she hasn't had between now and the end of S1
yeah
Yeah that's Leo
hence asking for a summary
Dess doesn't have time to read it
He doesn't even pretend to draw from his deck
but cool
extreme bullshit
It's a cool moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsyyqAjGzPs
literally pulls Obelisk's card out of the ground and plays it
Kaiba's in a tough spot
"drawing Obelisk out of the ground" thing from the movie
Also the whole
(though then we have Atem "I decide what my fate and draws are")
It's just an _explicit_ superpower in Zexal.
Which at a basic level is just a gussied up version of what basically every protagonist can do, and more generally every other person with the whole "Heart of the Cards, I believe in my deck" deal.
Also the first season of Arc-V was fantastic in pretty much every way so I find it hard to say that the series was going downhill _before_ then?
It's like the exact opposite of Arc-V - shaky start, strong finish.
I feel like way too many people watch the first arc and extrapolate out to the rest of the series and miss all the great stuff later on.
but the second half is literally one of the best Yugioh shows
>zexal
>weak

okay so the first half was kinda eh
which, to be fair to them, slides in relatively neatly
Deen/stay night is Fate with some additional stuff from the other routes stapled on
They're fine if you're treating them as stand-alone anime
I said they weren't good _adaptations_
It's basically the same time investment
😛
go 60 hours into the VN instead
none of the anime are good adaptations
Yeah
As does HiDive
Oh, Hulu has it
also, pretty sure there's no actual legal streams for it
A bold choice
Are you asking because you want to watch the original, or because you're looking to start watching Fate stuff?
sounds like the thought process involved
lol you think they pay that much attention?
jam it in
p-p-p-ponis
>starting with Unlimited Codes

please

Prisma Illya
For little gain at be-oh huh
but that's a lot of other steps
If you had a Vita (which you probably don't) you could probably hack the translation onto the Vita copy, tbh
and they did have the uneviable task of trying to adapt a 3-route VN into an anime that can't leave characters to be explored in later routes
I think it's hysterical
and thanks to the new animation/art style he looks like an actual high schooler
I like how in the part 5 anime we have a flashback to Jotaro circa immediately post-Part 3
I'm glad you're enjoying it!
huh
https://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-news/2020/01/20/japan-box-office-made-in-abyss-debuts-at-9-high-school-fleet-follows-at-10
Then again, it's not like it matters to me as someone who's never going to see the theatrical release and will only see the BluRay version.
But I don't really have firm confirmation, because there's about zero news about the movie that makes it across the pond
https://twitter.com/doctordazza/status/1216318795498680320?s=21
2 weeks before the movie released
No, this was like
I heard that it went to theaters so incomplete they basically said "please go see it and then buy the BluRays with the actual finished version"
There was/is one
High School Fleet has....what, the movie released already, yeah?
without good subs. 😛
the fall for us
so like
to theaters, presumably
Oh, first one's coming April 10th
We've got sequel movies coming.....sometime
Well okay, episodes 2 and 3 are back-to-back
the last three episodes are chronologically one after another
Unlike the rest of the season before it
welcome to the final ride
If you do that, then they won't have anything new to discover
I assume it's in all versions
Well, in the English version
Sure, but that audio is in Japanese in all version of the game.
you've seen the fun bits now
that's the dub
anyway
Game isn't dubbed, audio-wise
for the japanese version yeah
I mean
Oh yeah the dub lets Nimi curse


Dub has absurd accents for the Ironblood and RN ships, but didn't keep up the trend for Sakura/Dragon Empery ones, so meh
Third is the Akaga duo doing Akaga things
The second is technically a more general Enterprise trauma train, but Belfast inserts herself into there very insistently.
Ayanami/Laffey/Javelin friendship is one plot thread
1/3 of the plot, honestly
that's like
oh no
Solid "decent if you like Azur Lane, skip otherwise"
Plot's nothing to write home about, albeit with a few interesting tidbits from an Azur Lane lore perspective.
Animation's kinda shitty, but the re-run should work on that.
For what it is.
It's alright.
Or is it just you being wrong
Is it fibbing if you don't know it's a lie
Maybe I was making that up, then.
right now
It's Febuary 2020
a month
It's uh
😛
<@!431214733463519232>
https://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-news/2019/12/11/azur-lane-episodes-11-and-12-delayed-until-march-2020
Hang on, lemme see if I can find the news
I have no idea what possessed the dude to _say it_ on the internet
(them being the animator)
Some for-hire animator even bragged about doing an intentionally shitty job on the animation because it was "just" a cheap gatcha cash-in or something to that effect.
yeah
so uh
So the studio just said "we'll take some time, fix up the animation, and re-air all the episodes in BD quality including the final two"
the animation quality was getting _bad_
oh yeah
So assuming that Funimation still wants to release it (they probably will, given that the last two episodes never aired), we could get subs via them.
I mean, they _are_ going to re-air the anime
Maybe the BD will make it look better
-waggles hand-
kinda
the body positivity message
oh yeah
You want to get at least two episodes in, yeah.
oh boi
Now I'm wondering if there are three headstones later on after they start remembering.
okay you probably just found out
THE GLORIOUS RETURN OF [you'll find out]
_this bit_
_yes_
_wait_
wait
Real talk, the blank headstone was a gutpunch
oh god I'm remembering Flip Flappers and ||the fucking giant mecha fight||
I am perfectly blameless
>trick
It's reasonable, there's like triple digit characters per franchise there
Look man I just assume most anime characters I don't recognize are from an idol franchise
Maybe a side character.
I don't think there's anybody by that name in the show?
Also, something something smaller pieces for health
5 pieces are awkward to cut evenly
It's easier, probably
I mean
It's a very good looking cake yes
Just that it exists, and they changed that phrase.
I have no idea if it's any good.
Nah
For Flip Flappers
yes there is
yes
All five Hero Club members are there.
Again, who?
Did you know the dub for Flip Flapping changed the henshin phrase from "Flip Flapping" to "It's time for flip flapping"?
who?
It's really not
flip flap
flip flap
flip flap
flip flap
_maybe_ 4
.....2 is like, the only non-evil stopping point, thinking about it.
That's for after marriage, after all.
They're not going that far
Nah, this is a kids show
Being gay, probably
Something like that
and they just stopped bothering her
But then she did what you said
and was too spacy or whatever
Because they thought she wasn't paying attention
Her parents _faked it_
oh no
Sonoko a badass
Everyone else: "Oh damn we only get three blocks? Better be careful."
Nogi: "You had _blocks_?"
oh yeah I love this moment.
Also, catch what Sonoko told Karin, before they left the barrier?
congrats Togo
Yeah it's the gay singularity
I mean, if you want to never be able to die and constantly lose body parts then that's you.
Someone should fact check me on that
_I think_
Each successive Hero System is, I think, more broadly useable and less strict.
It's more generally useable, I think?
How many body parts do you want to lose this time
Round 2 boyos
Which would mean that all the Heroes are technically Familiars.
I mean, straight up the crossover ain't as weird as you might think, if you take the tack that Shinju is a pseudo-Madoka meguca who wished to become a god to save humanity and the entire show is taking place inside her "barrier".
depends
or not so wild
Prepare for the wildest crossover
This _is_ a post-Madoka show, so  she's the Law of Cycles now
burning for our magical girl sins
Clearly it's Madoka
end of the episode?
Odd.
Can't clip the whole frame for spoiler reasons but yeah looks like there's still only two.
||It's Yuna's hero diary chronicling her physical degradation||
uh no
things being anime episodes/animes
Including, coincidentally enough, an episode of Flip Flappers
There's a couple other things that trip me up.
well, watch
Short answer is: Because I watched anime to get away from reality
(it's a me thing)
(this has nothing to do with the episode itself)
that, if I remember correctly, I basically can't watch
this episode
oh yeah
You're likely to succeed if you try! 😄
go ahead, do it!
Hero Club Tenet 4: If you're troubled, talk to someone!
There's not a whole lot farther you can go if you're jumping to "showing your friends that you're the chosen undead"
and _trying_ to talk about it landed Fu in the emergency room after being hit by a car
if considering talking about it brought relatively harmless bad luck
I mean
very quickly
Well, good news is the show answered your question
`I wonder if Yuuna would just show them`
aaand there goes the timer
-sets a metaphorical timer-
mmm
talking with Fu, right?
oh yeah
curing them of their good luck?
I'm desperately trying to think of a curse/cure quip given Gear
pun intended
Same wavelength
||So yeah that's pretty powerful||
||PSP game gives that she can create a dream world that's mostly indistinguishable from reality||
I mean
Yes
Yeah welcome to absolute evil
and over again
and over
over
of _course_ she's going to die for our sins
I mean she's the protagonist of a post-Madoka magical girl show
Or "I don't know anyone else who turned into a black hole after not seeing them for a while"
To be fair, so is "Togo turned into a black hole"
Yeah black holes are notoriously hard to fix
There's a PSP game that takes place mid-S1, a mobage that takes place somewhere off to the side of the timeline, and an interquel between S1 and Hero chapter that involves a bunch of people who didn't make the cut for being Heroes.
S2 is, for reasons that will make sense when you get there, unlikely to have anything set _after_ it.
And her outright refusing.
An extra material chapter at the end of WaSuYu's LN, that's concurrent with the last couple of S1 episodes has the Taisha trying to give her a terminal back to stop Togo.
Long story short is there's an implication that Nogi masterminded the second half of S1 (starting with meeting Togo/Yuuna) in order to stick it to the Taisha and Shinju about their secretiveness.
so yeah about that whole thing about the new Hero System meaning there wasn't going to be any loss of body parts
They're anime gay
But her heart knows.
It _is_ explicit that her reluctance to become a Hero in S1 is because of the PTSD she can't remember.
The heart remembers
(and then it would school me, but details)
shit, I'd teach mine Smash Bros
Wouldn't you?
It does have an accelerator, though
The train has no brakes
I haven't felt like rewatching to find out.
It was entirely too real at the time, probably still is.
oh look
A lot of it
she's got experience not killing herself
It's fine
that checks out
Time to let the fire die, and...-checks notes- let the world be incinerated in the divine firestorm outside reality
Time for the Age of Dark, then
Same thing, really
Four letters, both start with T
Tree, tang
Time for everyone to become tang
Welcome to Evangelion: Extremely Japanese Edition
No, but as mentioned it'll be clarified more.
they'll explain it
It's uh
I'm going to guess it is, on average, not gay though
That's probably not gay, then.
depends on to whom
maybe
gay
Yay
It's a couple of minutes of extra dialogue, IIRC
Not that much?
Finally get to pull the trigger on this
The eponymous character from NoWaYu yeah
That's Nogi Wakaba
Was it the crow?
They won't be human anymore
Not really.
The spiritual people
It's just going to take the Taisha, more or less.
Also it won't save everyone
They don't want Yuna to die.
The Yuna from the phone game was from after NoWaYu, to my understanding
I mean
(and I guess those two from the mobage who were also alive at the time)
(also there was Shiratori)
Definitely not a fifth, that's crazy talk
Noki, Tamako, Anzu, and Yuna
There were only four
Why would the Taisha tell lies
who definitely wasn't a hero
It's definitely not Chikage
All four Heroes from NoWaYu, All 3 from WaSuYu, and all 5 from YuYuYu
Yeah
Here for the finale
It's Walpurgishnacht
Which, as of WaSuYu, they do.
....after which point they spend 300 years getting the system back and ready because that ceasefire only lasts as long as the Heavenly Gods sit back and don't start attacking again.
It's the entire reason why the Taisha is named "anmnesty" - to help sell the idea of "we're giving up divine power, promise"
super duper pinkie swear promise
Part of the reason _why_ the barrier worked is because humanity promised to not have Heroes, more or less.
Or something like that.
Most of those heroes, I think, are from back before the barrier went up?
WaSuYu is the first time since the barrier went up that the conflict started again.
No, actually.
They beat _that_ wave of Vertex, but there would presumably be more in the future that would require fighting off.
That's not a change in the status quo.
Sure, but the Vertex will just keep coming back.
Rather than having the protagonists accomplish something tangible.
I think it was that people were upset that there was _no_ change in the overall status quo, in either direction.
Yuna waking up, mostly.
Since I didn't actually get around to reading NoWaYu until like.....I dunno, 4  months ago? Relatively recently.
But it's a problem that I had with S2 as well.
Of course, the experience can and in that sort of thing _should_ be enhanced by consuming multiple mediums.
Even if it is a multimedia franchise, each work should be able to stand on its own without requiring other works in different mediums.
Yeah I'm very much in Dess' corner here.
wild, wild, _wild_ ride
yeah it's good
so uh
I was watching it as it aired
flip flap
flip flap
flip flap
flip flap
Flip Flap is shorter
What anime?
flip flap
flip flap
flip flap
flip flap
Whatever you like, really
ceebs?
The anime includes a countdown clock for a reason.
So it's hard to call that "spoiling"?
Though it was _written_ with the expectation that people would have gone through F/sn first.
Mmmmm
F/Zero assumes you know quite a few major spoilers from various routes in F/sn.
because it's funny
||Becuase Kotoko is an astoundingly petty asshole when it comes to her I guess||
Thank you.....probably Inspector Lestrange.
Yeah but it's a common enough trope that it's an exception, not a rule.
(also what mystery series doesn't have the recurring cop character who keeps running into the detective)
If it's a little disappointing because I feel like having a relatively normal person around would balance out the dynamic of these two complete weirdos firmly lodged in the supernatural side of things.
That does make sense.
Mmmm
Cop Lady getting saved by Kotoko is basically a perfect "normal person gets the curtain pulled away to reveal the world is stranger than they assumed" setup.
That feels really weird.
Oh so the manga also has that two year time skip after maybe 2-3 chapters?
Said Cop Lady stuff right up through her meeting Kotoko reads too much like the opening chapter or two of a manga for anything else to have made sense.
I just assumed that the first two episodes of the anime before we meet Cop Lady as a cop were from flashback stuff later on in the manga that got shoved forward either because the explanatory flashbacks were far enough back in the manga that the single-cor anime wouldn't have reached them, or because they were awkwardly placed in the manga.
It's like watching a train wreck of stupidity and fluff that you can't escape from
Bakarina is amazing
Hiyori was a lot more interesting protagonist material.
Kanami being the God Sword or whatever by the end was.....eeeehhhhh.
Except it was all part of the same show.
Like a season 2 that they hadn't expected.
It honestly felt like they finished up the plot in the first cor, and then basically had to tack on an additional cor of plot afterwards.
I found the first cor pretty alright, but the second one felt.....tacked on.
`Weird comparison but part 1 was almost exactly what I wanted out of HaiFuri`

oh my god someone who _gets it_
something something real life writes the plot
I mean
Yeah that's not a full and complete city
But not a city
That design makes sense for forts
forts, sure
how does a town get built in that kind of shape
what the fuck are the demographics of that town
So they're not doing it, of course
Tentomon would be the logical next one based on plot.
3 is accurate based on the preview
```3 - And, to the Digital World
4 - Birdramon Takes Flight
5 - Holy Digimon
6 - The Targeted Kingdom```

Apparently episode titles?
That's another possibility yeah
I'm wondering what's up with Matt given that he appears to have been doing the Digimon thing already and hasn't heard of that train station.
Omnimon
But nah
all the rest of the kids getting sucked in for sudden reinforcements
Or like
I honestly though the climax was going to be Izzy and his Tentomon crashing the party for the save after Izzy's been being mission control since halfway into episode 1.
gotta make this personal
The nuke's aimed at Tokyo because of course it is
End of episode 2 is a nuclear missile being launched and Greymon/Garurumon fusing into Omnimon
Yep
the situation isn't _that_ bad yet, come on
I mean
episode 2 is by all appearances an adaptation of Our War Game
You call that wack
I'd have to check
Izzy I think moved into the same apartment complex and wanted to say hi
-shrug-
who knows what the plot's doing
But uh
Yeah but that to me felt more like a nod to the original than anything.
But we'll see.
I.....don't think so?
See TK and Kari
Mostly via "who are the same age and could theoretically go to the same school"
And now I'm considering sensible organic ways for the various kids to meet each other and meet up, which probably aren't going to happen.
Tai, Matt, and Izzy are like a solid trio to work with here??
Why are they trying to have all 6 kids in 13 episodes???
jesus
No _wonder_ we have Omnimon already
the fuck
what
wait this anime is only 13 episodes
Also,  the "Choosen" one
Someone already has, probably.
Anyway, someone _not_ me can try and decipher the text in the circles

I think
And Izzy's showed up when he signed the Digidestined EULA thing
Yeah I'll cop to it's Adachi/Yu fight being good.
The theoretical best way to watch it is intercut through the original anime, somehow.
The Golden Animation is literally just all the extra events that were added in Golden animated, with little-to-no attempt to have a story, aside from Marie's Social Link
YS manga gives us 13 incredibly detailed pages (3 of which are 2-page spreads) with zero dialogue or anything to distract from what's on the page entirely for showing that one city being firebombed to ashes.
but damn good
slow as absolute fuck
Than the anime.
YS manga is leagues better
Anime is good as long as you don't compare it to.....I guess any other Tanya work/adaptation.
And Mary Sue starting to get involved
Covering Tanya's time on the russia front
Followup to the anime
Yep
Regardless of the Empire's leanings, implied or otherwise, actual Nazi ideology would push Tanya's buttons so damn hard.
Tanya's a meritocrat anyway
Man With A Mission is the band that did Database?
uh
They're basically exactly what my taste in music is.
-shrugs- I can't hate Man With A Mission
meanwhile: Yugioh dubs
I need to watch 00 sometime
08th MS Unit
Or like
I'd actually point towards IBO over a UC show if they're trying to find out if they'll like the genre or not.
Depends on the Gundam?
Well
Looking into a Gundam show might be a solid idea, to see if that genre appeals to you as well.
If you're a newcomer....Fullmetal Alchemist, maybe?
Which anime was it?
It was a year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wb7cNEpBQPI
Have you seen Flip Flappers?
A) 99.75% it doesn't, based on my knowledge of the gatcha game story that it's adapting
B) watching Rebellion wouldn't help you understand it anyway, it's technically pre-Rebellion but post-series, probably
Fair
`Are You Lost`

This one isn't yuri at all, but it's kinda half comedy half the author being a survival nut? It's fun.
`Love To-Lie-Angle`

This one's actually not bad? It's short episodes - 4 minutes or something - and so the typical harem stuff that it goes through doesn't grate by virtue of not overstaying.
I watched like 1.5 episodes of Plastic Memories, saw exactly where it was going, and didn't want to deal with that.
not be reminded of it
Because I watch anime to escape reality
>Plastic Memories

oh yeah that show that I can't watch ever
Isn't everyone, really?
I think it's the only part of the show people remember
She's that girl who does the awesome speech.
I thought I recognized her!
oh!
What series?
Yeah episode 3 should be when she explains what she actually does, after she finishes talking to the snake.
In/spectre is pretty fun, especially after they spell out for you what the _actual_ concept is, rather than what it looks like.
but none of the corrections were as absurdly drastic as the ones to that scene needed to be.
Yeah other stuff got corrected when they went to BD, sure
That was several orders of magnitude shittier than the rest of the episode.
I mean, when I say "scene" it's like a 4-5 minute long sequence.
But it _is_ that one scene
It's really fucking weird that _one_ specific scene is so bad when the rest of the episode isn't.
To be perfectly fair to Shaft and Mekakucity Actors, it's just that one specific scene.
god the manga not being fully translated (officially or unofficially) drives me nuts when I remember
||oh what there's three timelines in the manga?||
||And then we start another one||
||Oh no yeah everyone dies like halfway in||
||It's been ages so I don't know the context or if that's in the bits of the manga that haven't been translated||
||I know she gets the Focusing Eyes in one of the manga timelines?||
||Or the age difference between Ayaka and Hiyori, thinking about it||
Also I just remembered that ||Hiyori is Ayano's aunt|| which says a _lot_ about ||how long Hibiya was stuck in the Daze||
||two days how many times over? :P||
Backstory is a _lot_ longer yeah
oh yeah
Manga's got some real weird stuff in it in terms of differences, IIRC
do whatever you want
I mean
Either I spoil a major twist or I can't accurately describe the distinctions.
-shrugs-
It's really hard to clarify this without talking about a major piece of the setting that's also a pretty large spoiler.
No?
The anime is _probably_ the "end"?
Neither the music videos, the manga, the LNs, or the anime follow the same plot.
no
the novels won't spoil the anime, per se?
I mean
less than a week ago?
like
welcome to the fandom
Enki lore has kinda fucked with my memory of what Fine was like in S1.
Or something like that.
There _are_ similarities to Fine (which is probably intentional), but Fine was more about how connections were inherently painful without common understanding.
Up until then she's a pretty generic "conquer and rule the earth, all power to me"-type villain, so this sudden motivation comes out of nowhere.
if we weren't introduced to it about halfway through the final episode
this would be fine
Now
To that end, she sought to unify humanity into a single collective so as to allow them to reach a future.
Shem-Ha believed that individuality and separation would fundamentally lead to conflict that would destroy any hope a given species would have for a future.
Force of nature villains are like...Walpurgisnacht
>Adam ranked above Shem-Ha/Fine

by what metric
I still think it's a good show, though. But then again, I don't ride or die on gayness. -shrugs-
unfortunately
Yeah
but compared to XV where Hibiki and Miku's relationship is arguably the central focus, it can't do that.
It juggles all the characters really well, mind you
Granblem is also juggling like 5 different character plot arcs over the course of the entire show and the gay romance is only one of them.
whereas Granblem has one season
Though that's a bit of an unfair comparison since XV is the 5th season and has all the build up of gay up to that point
A bit less
but not to the point of being an actual yuri show
more gay than that
okay so you know the typical magical girl non-explicit gay?
"don't think, imasine" - people in Gramblem, probably
(from episode 1, don't worry)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkDX3VavaCo
(the people who did Granblem)
Because honestly, who hand-animates 2d mech combat anymore?
Granblem is a show that was pretty much a labor of love by the people making it, and was probably too late to actually hit the niche it was trying for.
why they santized all the foreshadowing and holy grail references in the S1 anime
you know what I don't understand
actually
As compared to S1's "collect all the ~~Clow~~ Class Cards" and S3's "rescue Miyu" then turning into "stop the Ainsworths".
There's no real strong thread connecting all of those together.
And _then_ we have the 8th card and everything that happens after that ball gets rolling
and then Bazett is an antagonist for about two episodes
First you have the whole Kuro arc
Like
2wei juggled a _lot_ of plot threads
And that she'd never _had_ a birthday before
Reinforcement and continuation of the "what the hell is up with Miyu" arc.
skipping that would have been weird
-waggles hand- birthday stuff was kinda important
It was in a weird spot where there was too much content for one cor and too little for two.
If by "all" you mean "half the season" then okay that's fair
`2wei herz was a whole-ass fluff season. literally nothing happened`

bullshit there were exactly two anime-exclusive episodes, both had _less_ fanservice than the actual stuff adapted from the manga, and both of them were pretty good episodes.
it's better
yeah read the manga instead
which is understandable, but also lame
keep the Dark Souls visual references in that one fight
one thing the anime doesn't do
oh yeah
||Yeah I was super hyped to see that animated, and then....yeah it wasn't.||
Also that's about where they start trying to shove 3-4 chapters into an episode, so stuff gets rushed when it shouldn't be.
Basically ||Mirou's entrance is really badly done as compared to how cool it is in the manga||
The actual point where I'd say the anime stops being workable is before episode 10 of 3rei
the rest of the OVAs can die
lots of fluff
First season's OVA is pretty alright
some of the other people get actual dialogue
actually the ||grail war montage|| was expanded in the movie
fuck you the movie wasn't that great
_all_ Prillya anime
best animated fight in the entire Prillya anime
god yes
The only way this would make sense (to me) is if they weren't sure if they'd ever animate further material....but S1 ended on a teaser for S2, so yeah they totally knew they were going to do more.
In the anime, the wording is that Illya showed her how to do it.
_also_ in the manga Miyu explicitly drops the bomb that she knew how to properly use Class Cards all along to Sapphire after she ejects Rin/Luvia from the Berserker fight
While in the anime, the former scene didn't happen, and the latter scene was turned into a "so your friend's in trouble but you aren't sure if you can help, but why not try because that's what friends do" kinda thing.
In the manga, the maids wonder if Illya's seal has gotten loose after the.....Assassin(?) fight (maybe Saber), and then later on the conversation with Iri in the tub is explicitly about Illya not being scared of her power.
got rid of
Best girl?
yay!
to my knowledge
Oh and the VRAINS episodes haven't aired in the US
VRAINS dub OP for S2 of the show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lt9Kg14DDqw
and the heydey of 4kid's massive media push is past
It's just nobody's really given a shit because the dubs have never been very good
It totally has
Fingers crossed for animated INNOCENT
IT"S NANOMACHINES
THE SUB HAS AIR FILTERS PROBABLY
And less complicated/deep.
I think the story the anime told was fine? It was just tonally and thematically different.
Yeah it just ignored the manga after a bit.
`well the anime ended in a weird spot tbf`

Arpeggio?
Fun fact about Arpeggio of Blue Steel: It predates Kancolle by almost 4 years
Also in actual serious moments she's more the older sister of the two.
It's all pretty tied in with her desire for revenge against Kiritsugu's perceived abandonment.
Illya is a brocon, and I wouldn't call it "romantic" love.
The reason why he doesn't really qualify has more to do with the people interested in him not pursuing him all at once more than him not having enough.
Strictly speaking, Rin and Sakura's interest in him are independent of the route, but they only actively pursue it on their routes, for various reasons.
Yeah shiki's fuck/kill instincts are crossed.
And by two years later, I mean that the first episode aired about 3 weeks shy of exactly two years later, which means there was probably a good couple of months of concept work beforehand, not to mention the whole negotiations to get it started.
The wild thing is that said no-name doujin circle blew up in popularity so much that two years later they aired an anime adaptation that was originally going to be a completely new route.
there's a gatcha game
if you can read moonrunes
I mean
It was.
I forget
wait but is the _audience_ shown that or is that not until 11?
>episode 10

That's the one where Togo learns the truth of the matter, right
But still a spoiler.
Don’t look up Yuki Yuna versions of this meme, by the way. The most common one is a spoiler for....something you’re almost at?

Everything is fine.
||but she's being so badass tho||
||It's more about the will to fight, IIRC||
That's only one letter off!
anyway the _good_ "everything is fine" meme

oh good
>checks
And also get on the Rider train, despite the dude being kinda an asshole.
Because people miss the point of Kiritsugu, probably.
It's a story about two girls trying to live their daily lives, more or less.
I think it's more about setting a tone and flirting with philosophical ideas than actually trying to convey a message.
I don't think it does?
wait which one
but yeah it's pretty good
I uh, wouldn't say it has a "story", exactly.
Oh yeah that one
So she has to ||settle for the friendship end.||
She ||didn't get enough relationship points to get into any of the capture target's routes.||
Poor Katarina.
I have no such self-control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjlCVW_ouL8
`P90 is good because it was used in Stargate SG1 and it was an OK gun when I was playing CS1.6 (god I was so bad)`
there's still a lot of weird plot problems
eeeehhhh
it takes some time for it to find its footing
The first anime is a bit rough, yeah
Without weighing in on one side or the other, I'd like to point out that just because a character codified an archetype doesn't mean they're a good character or a good use of the archetype.
Meanwhile, I've never seen it, and feel no real interest in doing so.
Which is basically unheard of, so damn
Zombieland Saga dubbed the songs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0EcyLckIXY&t=28s
I'm hoping it'll be good Kino's Journey-esque stuff
Oh, that's the one about the witch that traveles around
That's probably the arcane japanese song licensing issues that are the reason for that.
Covid
Given how many cures there are, I suspect there's a lot of birthdays for them.
There's a rather large number of non-humans on Earth in DBZ
Shemmy could mind control the humans yes
forgot that bit
oh yeah he gets laid a bunch
oh yeah and it's in a fantasy world with magic I guess that's a thing too
that manga about a guy who finds a job at a company that only makes him work reasonable hours, ensures that he has good living arrangements, pays well, and cares about his mental well-being.
oh hey
fuck if I know
I got 2 episodes into the director's cut, and I think I'll be able to get through the rest.
Started watching Re:Zero.
Aside from that one chick being crazy, that's basically just people messing around on the competitive ladder of GGO.
See GGOA
A show that's just about a bunch of people dicking around in one of those MMOs like that would be fine, probably.
SoL almost
It's just like a random sidequest.
so I might as well watch the director's cut
I haven't even seen S1
I mean
I got like 5 minutes into episode 1 back when it aired and dropped it
I just know it apparently has some more scenes?
and I've heard it doesn't get a lot better
it just felt bad
I have no idea, I peaced out of the manga at that point
oh and then because both of their grandmothers go to the same nursing home or whatever they have to fake dating.
what the fuck did he think she was doing
like
Dude rents main girl for a date, then later gets hyper pissed at her when he realizes that she acts like she did during the date with other people.
It's not great
No
I'm fine with them having changed it, but I don't like what it was changed to.
It looks cute but it's never hooked me, unfortunately.
oh is that the fortune teller one?
(I don't like A Wonderful Life)
I'm having A Wonderful Life flashes reading that plot summary
>flashbacks to Rokka no Yuusha
Depends on the setting, honestly.
Gimme that good old-fashioned tabletop adventure feel.
I mean, I like it because it's basically a D&D game but anime.
'cause the anime was popular
(and even then the Buddha thing immediately turned into a fight scene)
And handling the endless flashbacks required for every new fighter.
Though it is very good at telling stories _with_ the fight scenes.
The whole thing with Buddha in the latest bits is the first sign of a plot that isn't "watch the fight scenes happen".
Sure, but the plot is in service to letting the fight scenes happen.
Everything else is set dressing.
It's just an excuse to have fun and hype fight scenes.
`Theres this manga where its humans v gods 
The whole thing is a tournament arc
Shumatsu no Valkyrie is pretty hype af`

Being fair to it, Shuumatsu no Valkyrie's actual plot literally doesn't matter.
Oh that's the CGDCT show with the Very English girl
This is the phrasing of someone who is terrible at cooking, but surrounded by polite people.
her job was to stay in the ship away from fighting tho
>untrained civilian stealing military hardware in the middle of a battle

oh yeah this is definitely the smart play
RIP she's trying
okay good she's listening to a dude with actual medic training
Isn't obedience to authority a big thing in WW2-era Japan?
listen to the people in charge
come on
don't wander around a warship in the middle of a fight
girl's got the right spirit, but she's still a dumbass
Unless they spend like 3 episodes on the boat
also, they're going from Japan to Britain on WW2 era warships, holy shit this is going to be a long timeskip
oh thank god men have pants
>"help us kill aliens!"
"Sorry I want to heal people instead"
"nah fam you'll want to murder aliens along with the rest of us, just wait and see"
makes as much sense as zero pants I guess
magic making you animal people is weird but okay
don't tease me like this show
or not lol
holy shit death already
I didn't expect that literally nobody did
also, I knew the Witches didn't have pants
>poke my head into the Strike Witches hole after the discussion over the last few days

I'm getting strong Nanoha/Youjo Senki flashbacks watching the combat.
You come from the Japanese countryside circa WW2, how have you never seen a completely overcast sky at night before? Light pollution wasn't enough of a thing to ruin it back then!
_N O_
oh fuck me we're about to have another instance of anime getting Tarot extremely wrong aren't we
Also: Radar Magic is pretty cool
I make jokes that even I don't intend
see my humor is great
It's funny because...-checks notes-....countless people died to aliens instead of other humans.
yeah Yoshika's gay
but uh
pretty sure the picture is NSFW and ergo not appropriate for this channel
>going so fast you literally core the enemy with body

damn, I wish this show wasn't turning out to be very episodic in terms of character focus because that would be a very satisfying climax to a couple of episodes of buildup

>Yoshika has some kind of erotic-coded dream about Lynette's boobs

well okay then
In the titties?
also here's the Lynette titties
S1
huh cultural misunderstandings
That's the naked titty count so far.
The....American(?) in the bath in episode 3 and what'sher face waking up in bed from a nightmare in episode 4.
Not her yet.
welp
but not the uncensored titties.
Boob stuff and ass shots aren't a surprise either.
I mean, crotch shots yes, I expected that.
One thing I was not expecting from Strike Witches was uncensored titties, tbh
oh my god she just walked into the changing rooms and stole a random set of panties out of a bin
also fucking hell this girl is about to go to a probably-televised award ceremony naked from the waist down at this rate
Then let's say that I just found one
can I post butts in this channel?
do they mean _panties_??
wait
_?????????????????????????????????????_
????????????????????
what???
so
the closest we've seen for women/girls is leggings
we've seen that
Men have pants
Well no
Oh men, I assume
what???
what?
put _pants_ on???
hang on
wait
what
The German's List of Important Things For Soldiers, apparently: 
1) Discipline
2) Discipline
3) Discipline
4) Discipline
5) Discipline
6) Discipline
7) Discipline
8) Discipline
9) Discipline
10) ???
wow she is _dedicated_ to the aesthetic
what the hell is this room
It's pretty gay sometimes
Blonde might just be Sanya-sexual though
100%
yeah but I'm 90% sure both of you are gay
what, do those do the sins badly?
she keeps walking into your room to sleep in basically every time we see her get back from night patrol, _get a hint already_
oh yeah here we go okay
BUT THAT NEUROI THO WHAT
okay here we go this is more like it
now I know where this episode is going
_fuck_
shit
I skipped an episode
oh wai
Did we flash forward??



okay so the first bit is a _-shrugs- well of course that's why kids are fighting the war_ but the fuck is the rest of this???
YOU CAN"T JUST SUDDENLY DROP PLOT LIKE THAT

WOAH WHAT
Mina doesn't want the witches to contact men because she's not over _her_ heartbreak
also, I'm starting to get the drift here
I'm starting my descent into the hole
S1
but it was tactically interesting
too bad it didn't _stay_ there
complete with the enemy core hiding directly above the battlefield with the sun at its back, where Mio can't look directly easiily
with lots of Musou-esque enemy destruction
so we're getting a real maneuverablility-focused touhou-esque sequence here
Each with a laser gun
The enemy split into about 200 person-sized cubes
This is an actually visually interesting battle sequence right now.
I always through Gaul was more in the german neck of the woods, tbh
Oh Gallia is _france_
This does not feel like a WW2-era thing
I guess 4-5 destroyers aren't important then
Ah, the not!Japan flag
is this going where I think it is
wait
that was....an episode
well
and the punchline is a breeze making everyone realize that she's wearing them in the middle of the ceremony
only _now_ you mention this???
oh my god she's doing the award ceremony now
Lt. Hartmann, who: 
1) Caught Luchini
2) discovered that Luchini set off the alarm and not the enemy
3) retrieved the panties/leggings that Luchini stole
4) _is still wearing Luchini's underwear_
while getting ready to launch, Sanya recognizes that Eila is wearing her pants. 

And naturally tries to take them off her, while she's wearing her Striker Unit. 

Because that's what you do
Sakamoto "who needs clothing when you're flying" Mio
oh my god and then she accidentally activates the air raid siren
because she isn't willing to admit that someone stole _her_ panties
all of this
Luchini stole some article of _her_ clothing to rappel out a window down a floor. 

She "borrows" the russian's leggings to chase after.
A) the cat has been treed
B) that's an interesting hybrid of the Italian regular flag and the Italian war flag
and at no point dropped it
In the process of fleeing, Zuchini somehow grabs Yoshika's swimsuit
The face of someone who is watching a near-military criminal investigation start while knowing she's the guilty party
so apparently I agree
I'm getting legit invested in this shitshow
Does everyone have exactly one set of underclothes????
SEND A RUNNER TO THEIR ROOMS?
CAN SOMEONE NOT LIKE
OH MY GOD SHE JUST STARTS STRIPPING
also this is halfway into the goddamn episode, I have no idea what to expect next
oh she gets to wear it in the eyecatch, neat
(it's actually Yoshika's)




fuck it you get this in a dump
_N O_
okay but you _do_ have leggings on
no idea which country that's supposed to be
>upper class lady of Gallia

okay not british
and then _that_ girl (Luchini, so probably Italian) stole the stuffy british girl's panties
Yeah this is not a decision you should be making on the battlefield
yeah why _are_ you laughing with(?) a member of the aliens who've killed...-check notes-.....at this point several countries?
>earlier in the episode
"I can't shoot people"

>now
Are you finally going to stop pestering the poor girl now?
I'd say "I know where this is going", but uh

thanks to the fuck up, I do in fact know where this is going
That’s called hentai
anime adaptation of the mobage. 😛
(I could be misremembering that one event, though)
'cause she can hear the pain or something like that
It's why she's so upset about missing the Vertex in the first fight and hitting the Shinju plants, IIRC
Her being a Miko is brought up there.
`it was established in the Washio novels,`

it was
TIME FOR PAIN
NO
Oh no
Some good old-fashioned dinner of....-squints-....Spem.
I just fucking know she's not going to actually die. 

But you can't stop me from hoping.
Last time: Finally, someone's threatening to die
Incidentally, I like how this final shot of the OP makes it seem like it's being sponsored by a real military unit.
Time to continue the saga of Girls Without Pants
`tbh Fairy tail main problem towards
the end
is EXCLUSIVE to the manga
the anime did it better.
it's a rare case where Anime > Manga
while it being 1:1 it just works.`

could you clarify this? Because I don't see how you could fix the problems the manga had without rewriting the basic plot beats of that arc.
Funny as hell tho
It was a fucking nightmare.
Because she had a skill that made her sheet look like that.
And the went back and replaced every single word with poi, while keeping punctuation and formatting intact.
I did a Fate servant sheet for poi once.
Yeah, except that Kancolle’s good part is the movie, not the anime.
If that makes sense.
It's comparing a bad show to a show that's compentent, which isn't a very useful comparison to make.
Like, comparing the Fubuki/Mutsuki/Yudachi dynamic to Miyafuji/Lynette/Perinne is pretty unfair to the latter trio, because Strike Witches takes the time to explain _why_ they're friends and show them becoming closer, whereas the former are friends because they share the same room and that's about it.
I keep coming back to comparing this show to Kancolle in my head, which is simultaneously appropriate given the general concept, and somewhat unfair because the Kancolle anime was _bad_
I do _sorta_ enjoy that what their shticks aren't shoved in our faces or told like "Oh yeah my ability is to shoot lighting out of everywhere to break open things", except when it's contextually appropriate (explaining why Russia is on near-permanent night duty).
But it's possible that the Strikers do it as part of the same package that lets them give air resistance the middle finger.
like Russia's radar, Miyafuji's healing, etc
Admittedly, that's probably her magic shtick
During the final episode, one of them demonstrates the ability to suddenly use magic to becomes strong enough to rip a....probably 30-50 foot long piece of metal as wide as she is out of the ground and toss it behind her.
It's possibly magical enhancement, yeah.
So every time a girl's waist is on-screen?
Will definitely continue onwards
Overall, I enjoyed it
lots of boobies and a few asses if you watch the uncensored version
Didn't really try to do anything special, but it executed what it did competently
S1 final review: Generic, but on the better side of generic
Anyway
So I honestly didn't notice
the entire anime is shot like that
see
yeah
so they honestly dropped the "find out what my dad was doing" plotline after the first few episodes, so this is a really weird way to try and bring it full circle
okay
>ends with another letter from her dad
Apparently yes
are there other Witch units that we've never heard about in other places?
overrun all of Europe
I thought they'd like
>Strike Witches disbanded because the Neuroi in Gallia were defeated

wait were those _all_ the Neuroi?
These girls have to have a grip strength of literal steel to do this
And then running into already closed bulkheads might have been cleverly foreshadowed when it was sinking, 'cause there was a line about someone yelling to close the bulkheads because the engine was flooding or something like that.
I just sorta wish they'd actually committed to doing a full sequence, instead of just brushing on the idea.
it's a kind of frantic close quarters fighting they haven't done before.
While the ship itself is your enemy
going to be honest, I like the concept of the final setpiece being fighting through the inside of the Akagi to reach the engine core
It doesn't have anywhere near enough eldritch fuckery for an Abyssal
Fog/Siren are the most accurate, tbh
no wait, a Siren
I mean a Fog Ship
Oh look it's an Abyssal
_THANK YOU_
god
my
oh
culturally speaking
Sinking the _Akagi_ is a very bold choice here
Yeah that's about right
what a fucking shock
they gotta be super evil
Oh yeah because we can't have nuanced villains
Oh good the American has style
but just sitting on the cargo like hobos?
Not even in the engine with the operators/enginners.
wait why do these decorated war veterans have to travel back to their homes by hitchhiking on a lumber train?
Have you, by chance, heard of _restructuring_ units? There's plenty of good soldiers here aside from the two who went against their orders, there's no need to throw them out.
Oh of _course_ that's what they're called
Oh so military dude's an idiot, right.
Oh my god that's an artifical Neuroi, and they're trying to get the core that was used to make it back.
what the fuck???
This is the good stuff
Yeah here we go
Oh man we're getting actual PLOT in here
Interesting: she's tapping her fingers together in time with the background music

accident, fun animation sync, subtle indication of musical ability...?
_that's_ the bad one
use the fucking Tower for once
god dammit anime
FUCK
REVERSED IT"S BAD, BUT ONLY BECAUSE THAT'S STAGNATION AND LACK OF BEING ABLE TO MOVE ON
IT'S ABOUT CHANGE AND TRANSITIONING TO A NEW STAGE AND THAT SORT OF THING
IT"S NOT A BAD SIGN
_N O_
You don’t have to confirm/deny stuff, I’ll find out.
Also look I’m going to be watching more.
Not what the show told me.
Hell, the falling action makes it seem like Witches aren’t needed anymore, because the girls are sent home rather than transferred to reinforce other Witch units.
Up until that girl crashes in Miayfuji’s shrubbery, we’re given no indication that any other Witch units exist.
You’re assuming I’m assuming things about the timeline.
> Is it bad that without knowing anything about her or the ship she’s based on, I can instantly tell what class she is
<@!199928870810419200>  oh really?
The rest was manual.
About half of that I did by find/replace on common words.

Same
anyway crossover where the characters yell at the "player" (read: author) to write faster because they're all big fans of his manga
DAMMIT
Idolmaster/Berserk crossover where-
I went in expecting nothing but disappointment
oh we're straight up starting with the exact same scene that S1 ended on,  huh
THE ULTIMATE THREAT
OH NO A BEAR
Is what's up
Also I think it's that the CGI is more obvious
The Akagi last season was an aircraft carrier, at least
yes that sounds fine
Yes, let's take the time to expound on how cool the battleship Yamato is in this show that is...-checks notes- based entirely around air combat.
oh huh graduation for Yoshika. Neat.
Initial fight sequence was a bit frantic, but did a decent job of having various people show off their special magic stuff.
CGi is immediately striking me as slightly different, but I can't quite articulate why
Strike Witches, start of S2
>5 seconds later

lol no
They're trying
oh cool
We get to find out how they work around not adapting what’s-her-face
Holy shit
`They can also join the ninja art club`

I find it hilarious that club probably got a cameo during the tank hunt portion.
WITHIN THE FIRE YOUR SOUL WILL RISE NOW
BEFORE YOU CRASH AND BURN
TIME TO FACE THE HELL THAT SURROUNDS YOU
LONG NIGHT -japanese stuff-
INSIDE THE DARK MY HEARTBEAT ECHOES
I just think the animation is awful
Yeah I think the show's great
`the animation is a bit janky`
`a bit`

that's being a little generous, I'd say
But what m anga is it?
I double checked, it's exactly the same up through Barkhorn going SMASH AND BASH with her guns, presumably since that leads into Sakamoto's sword finisher, which they wouldn't want to spoil
No, I mean the Neuroi fight at the end of episode 2 after the rest of the gang shows up is _literally_ the same animation that was used at the very start of episode 1.
weird
wait this is the same battle from the start of episode 1
I guess the gang's all here somehow for some reason
neat
okay, Neuroi no longer die when they're killed
Dark Souls to Sekiro, as it were
neat
Sakamoto respecced from Shield tanking to Parry tanking
huh okay
It's the entire reason why I've never seen Nanoha StrikerS
Though to note, my issue with watching the dub has nothing to do with any presumed quality, and more to do with how I expect later iterations of this franchise haven't been dubbed, and that transition has historically fucked me on continuing to watch stuff in the past
side note: I'm watching what I discovered is the funimation release of this show, which means it defaults to the dub audio whenever I start a new episode

which is frustrating sometimes
"I want to protect people!"
"oh okay welcome on board then"

uuuuhhhhh okay hope that's not all we get
wow she's just straight up stealing military property now huh
S1 was competently executed enough that I trust them that much.
And yeah, I have trust that this show give me answers that are satisfactory.
good
oh okay Yoshika literally has the same problems with this as I do
I'll find out, I guess
She got injured not being able to do standard shield stuff last season, did she train out of that or something?
Also I thought Sakamoto's magic was starting to weaken, is that suddenly not a thing anymore?
So what the fuck happened?
And probably was as helpful as she _was_ because of getting Yoshika into being a Witch.
Sakamoto's jump to "no, stay out of the military" at Yoshika is really weird disconnect from last season, where she was extremely excited and helpful of enabling Yoshika to be a Witch.
Cool look
"oh no the enemy is back stronger than ever" - well, that's one way to kick our protagonist back into the action I  guess
And then it turns out next episode the entire sequence was pointless
That's the series, I'm like 90% sure
`Indiscriminate Universe is a good ED too.`

It's a good ED but I low-key hate the normal vocaloid version
oh yeah and this song's a banger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8hg8adVQpQ
But the build up was great
It built up a lot and then didn't follow through very well.
Release the Spyce was the most fun anime up until the last episode, which dropped the ball super hard unfortunately.
>japanese being bad at English

tbh, this isn't really a surprise
surprise twist: those are two capital 'i's
Not so far as I'm aware
Saber?
What is this foreign concept she speaks of
that's definitely absolutely totally a bad idea yep
bad sure
that's uh
yeah, killing off a large amount of humanity
It's not like that's a _bad_ plan
what
IIRC
That's Volume 3's finale
......no?
||Breaking Mikan's curse||
The end of Volume 4 is as good of a season finale as you could ask for, honestly
So S2 will probably be the next two
S1 was the first two volumes
Bold of you to assume we'll get another Super Heroine Chronicles
ah ok
....in what sense?
fuck yeah
>Granblem Blu-Ray coming to the West
Is that the one where the girl invites herself into living in the vampire's house?
Well, you're through most of the rough parts
Which first two arcs?
ZEXAL II will be interesting for that
Also IV is just cool
Bronk vs. Dark Mist was pretty good as well, but I admit to liking Bronk quite a bit.
Where Yuma has his dependency on using Numbers thrown back in his face magnificently.
One moment that a friend of mine likes a lot and I agree is the second Yuma vs. Shark duel.
What are you favorite moments from the first season?
(and it's like 75% because of the villains)
but there's a lot
I'm not, because spoilers
There is so much fun stuff in the second season, I wouldn't even know where to begin.
so good
I KNOW RIGHT
reccommendations might have spoilers in them
uh
oh
yes but you get to listen to this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1p9kcEqD1Y
Enjoy the best characters in the show soon
or maybe 5
4 shows
because it's actually like
GX is weird
that shits hilarious
WHAT THE FUCK
OH GOD REALLY
You haven't seen it yet, it's in ZEXAL II
Because it's just zany snark the entire way through
You can tell the writers had fun
there's one good episode of Zexal dub
okay
good god that was a fucking bad moment
for some goddamn reason
In which it literally does the fucking opposite end of characterization conclusion that the original did.
I'm remembering one _very specific_ moment in the zexal dub
fuck fuck
I'm remembering the Zexal dub now
oh fuck
Fair
Oh
`i hate it since it kinda
butchers the original in a lot of ways`

See here's the thing. GX is, on a surface level, apparently a "sequel" to DM, but it's actually not. At no point does it actually interact with the mythology and mysticism used in DM in more than a tenuous connection (that one Pharoah Shadow Rider, for instance), and it spends most of the show building it's own universe and brand of magical bullshit.
||Though we don't find out about that until the finale of the first arc||
||both?||
||It felt real in a way that death by dueling wouldn't have, and when it started being clear that he was just dying by inches it made the duel so much more serious because it wasn't just a question of "can he win the duel", but of "can he _finish_ the duel"||
You'll probably like him, Freindolyn
Yeah dude's cool
......3rd of Zexal II?
Oh that'll be a fun reveal
ABOUT THE STUFF
YOU DON"T KNOW
OH WAIT
yeah just don't click these spoilers
ugh yeah everything about that whole situation was just amazing and nightmarish
10 episodes before the finale???
like
uh
I KNOW
Illundus, the _really bad_ dub moment was (and friendolyn _do not look_ this is major spoilers): ||The dub changed Kite's dying words to "I guess I was the real Dragon Master" or something to that effect, which if you remember how that duel concluded in the original JP should make you incandescent.||
gloriously so
_yes_
But a downhill trend was still established
There was still cool stuff?
Yeah like
And it just kept going down
then Synchro Dimension hit
it was peak YGO
like
Arc-V's first season was really damn good
There's character threads that run through them, but the actual villains and plots are effectively unrelated
The seasons are mostly independent of each other
The only really important bits of the movie are a little backstory for a villain and a little bit more epilogue stuff.
I mean, the movie's just the first two seasons compressed with a little extra content.
Never really got started on the next two
First two seasons were decent
honest
you won't cry
it's fine
Also, ||God being terrible at the card game will never not be funny||
(not that I'm saying that's a bad thing)
It uses card games for aesthetic purposes, when the plot is basically straight up a Madoka-clone.
It's closer to a magical girl anime than a card game anime
Yeah
Clearly
Ergo it sucks
It’s not a fine detailed realistic look
Yeah Discord is fucking up with the uploads
You should be fine to finish
Yeah
Magia Record is also half a story - the second half hasn't been adapted yet
yeah
um
it's not the same story
but uh
Magia Record doesn't super spoil the original, except for some plot twists
hmmm
yeah
uh
Have you already seen the original?
<@!481518367845646346> wait that's Magia Record
Excuse me Homura Tamura
it's the only canon you need
`read all the DJ/official manga`

No, just read Tamura Magicka
Some subtle (Sayaka gets a hair clip) and some less so (Miami’s apartment in episode 2 is brought from the bare space it was in the original airing to the fully furnished one it was in episode 10 and in the blu-ray version of episode 2).
Yeah the recap movies had a decent chunk of visual changes.
Most people here will recommend it, IIRC
It's a pretty good show.
But I imagine the other half will come eventually
Unfortunately, only half the story has been adapted so far.
Magia Record is pretty good, story-wise
I present the finale of S1 of the OG Sailor Moon anime, wherein everyone aside from Sailor Moon straight up dies.
(ignoring how magical girl shows have always been able to get hella dark)
Nanoha isn't a "dark magical girl" show in the modern definition
Yuuki Yuuna is basically a Madoka rip-off though? It's well done, and I like it, but it was still riding the post-Madoka bubble.
is that World Trigger??
He's just trying to save the universe!
pretty fucked up yea
that's uh
So I should go back sometime and reread
But I found out later _roughly_ how it ends?
IIRC the first arc hadn't been scanlated when I found it
We can only hope they adapt the chapter about masturbation and erectile disfunction.
no you haven't heard about how massively frustrated and blue-balled the anime community is about having no release from waiting for the BnP sequel?
they aren't mutually exclusive
Or both
Oh yeah the other debate is if the movie should have ended before Homura did the thing or not, but that ties back into debating if Homura should have done it or not.
That's actually kinda funny
the only debate that's common about the movie
It's like
All you need to do is be able to vehemently argue about whether or not Homura's actions where justified and you're all set.
but uh
No english subs
Concept movie

||https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZFkba6255w||
who knows at this point
which may or may not pan into something else
Yeah all we have is a concept movie trailer
Making you want to commit suicide because of the stupidity isn't funny tho
why do you have that gif that quick
I said _sample_, not first-hand experience
Anyway <@!171395487247630336> this is your sample of the Rebellion Fandom Discourse.
||Nagisa gets a reliable cool big sister, and Mami gets someone to look after and care for.||
||Yeah, the fact that the two of them show up in Akumura's world together is basically proof that she's letting the two be together because they're happy together.||
Same on maybe needing to rewatch, but ||the impetus on the creation of that relationship was definitely on Bebe, even if Homura might have subconsciously incorporated it into the dream world later.||
||Well, Madoka had to be invited in.||
||No, that's the entire point.||
||After Akumura warps reality, sure, that’s intentional on her part. But not in the Barrier.||
||Why would Homura want to pair the two up if she’s never met Bebe? She only knows her as the Sweets Witch.||
||Homura didn't _give_ Mami a friend in the form of Bebe, Bebe chose to be Mami's friend.||
Maybe, but you can't ||credit Homura for Nagisa's actions when Nagisa was never brainwashed in the first place - she could have just laid low and spied on the group if she chose.||
||`gave Mami a friend in the form of Bebe`

Uh, no? Bebe was an intruder.||
It's pretty solid
Was it amazing? Hell the fuck yes
Did it have to be there? Hell no
Anyway the best thing to come out of Rebellion, bar none, was the ||completely unnecessary and gratuitous Homura vs. Mami fight, that was sick as hell||
Homura Tamura OVAs when
God I'm listening to the concept trailer and every time Madoka speaks I hear Hibiki
Here's an English one
||https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRq01091Fl4||
That's it
Yeah that's it
live action remake of the original series
"we have another concept trailer"
>implying it ever ends
well, fuck Kyubey for one
it has _plot_?
LN's ended, I presume
she is, for instance, obsessed with swords
Basa has more personality traits
Mystic Eye Collection Train (Upper) and (Lower)
The second half adapted books 4 and 5.
The first half was original content
He's equally willing to punch anyone regardless of gender yeah
It set up a strong initial plot to carry through to the more esoteric stuff.
I got maybe 4 episodes into S3, and it seemed solid enough?
I can't speak for the next two, although the common opinion I've seen is that they're of lesser quality.
Not exceptional, but still a decent watch.
The first two seasons were pretty solid.
https://twitter.com/Anime_W_Trigger/status/1311682307451887617
or anime or whatever that is?
....what, the manga?
jesus
Speaking of which, I need to catch up on the last couple of chapters
I just question how the fuck they'll accomplish that way
But yeah
Whatever the context for that will be.
There's still that girl from chapter 1.
I mostly just wonder how the fuck the, uh, "heroes" are going to come out on top
it's not like the casualties aren't on the country scale rn
Well
Miku: "Why do we have to turn her back"
The plot structure is similar, and they both talk about the places the protagonists visit the same way - it's always "visiting another country", where "country" seems to be synonymous with "city-state"
I wonder how much Majo no Tatabi was influenced by Kino's Journey
_ONE FINGER CURLS_
>strange fake anime

you get it, but in 2035 after the LNs end
Ah
Wait who is that?
https://twitter.com/zoid9000/status/1320028508123500544
Vivio wins, yeah
And then later hit her with a massive directed energy attack.
Maybe the close up is a Alolan Rodan
That’s true
Either/or
Or Rodan spawn
Kaiju crossover
sike
no i faked all that myself
Oh hey Getter
https://twitter.com/getterrobot_arc/status/1323097536064712704?s=20
"Travelers and gods are alike in that they both exist in a space unfettered by the interests of society. It makes you want to request things of them. ...It makes you want to pray."
I'd rather have had something approximating this plotline in the show, rather than the sci-fi-ish thing we did get.
Exactly what I expected, and not.
It was....eh, it was like the show.
Yeah, just finished the movie myself
(Also there was that one piece of dialogue implying Moeka had a famous ancestor of some kind? What was up with that?)
All in all this felt like the barebones outline to what could have been a S2 rather than a movie.
And they dropped in a bunch of named characters piloting the new ships but they were barely present.
I think the character stuff with Mashiro was fine, but there wasn’t any other character stuff going on as well? Akeno’s opinion on the whole thing didn’t actually change or develop, and nobody else has anything close to a character arc - not even Suu
Even the ship action that we did get was pretty....boring? There wasn’t really anything engaging about it.
He's done some, yeah.
To be more specific Chris is a mecha Magical Girl.
I'm just using the really good QP farm rates right now.
100% mission completion, entire shop bought out.
I am literally done with the F/Z event.
Hah.
You just wouldn't know it by anything.
Astolfo is male.
Part 1 wraps up this year for NA, then next year is Epic of Remnant, of which SERAPH was the second part of 5.
It's a  year, Dragon.
If we get a CCC localization I'm going to cry because it'll be Vita only.
Yeah. They _have_ to have it, which means either we get it with _MAXIMUM NO CONTEXT_ or we're getting a surprise CCC localization in the next year.
Well, Guda Guda is as plot relevant as most of the events are.
SERAPH is _literally_ part of the main plot.
Sure, but Guda Guda isn't plot relevant.
It's plot relevant.
It has to.
Also yo R give that code I'll send you a request.
We have _no_ context for about 90% of the shit that goes down in it.
Oh that's going to be fun when it comes to NA.
Sure.
>ground Accel/Zero into the ground

It's literally the one event where you didn't even need to do that.
I'm talking about NA.
Oh my basically abandoned JP account has Lancer Tamamo at NP3.
Especially swimsuit Tamamo.
But it's going to be hard.
I want Tamamo in all her forms.
<@456226577798135808> Sent you a friend request.
It's actually very impressive how he got fucked over.
Astolfo is basically trash mechanically.
It's fantastic.
It's a literal skill they have to swap their physical body to be whatever they want it to be.
D'Eon in fact can be whatever gender they want at any given moment.
Yes.
Plug suit's switch is amazing if you team build to max out buffs.
Heal has 3 more turns of cooldown which bites hard, the attack up is only better if you're NPing that turn, and the evasion skill is weaker.
Eeeeehhhh
The new Lostbelt one is basically the same, just a bit differently tuned.
It honestly depends on team comp, and the default one works with literally anything.
It's well-rounded.
Default one's not bad.
New Moon.
'cause the moon is where he left his sanity.
Jeanne spends the early part of the story calling him a her.
Yeah.
And also just being genuinely a very pretty man.
The Le Secret stuff is him screwing around and having fun, basically.
Astolfo is like 90% odds of being a guy, but he's just really into cute stuff and dresses and the like and doesn't give a shit what anyone else thinks.
That's entirely fair.
Cursed Arm Hassan is like the best non-Gold Assassin in NA until Kotarou shows up.
It's a waste.
Don't put materials onto Mata Hari unless you actually like her.
Yeah seriously.
Purple.
Yeah.
Also the three long-term codes - Plugsuit, Association outfit, and Atlas dress are all pretty much specialized.
NP charge skills and Kaleidoscope says nope.
_I JUST WANT FLUFFY TAILS_
I just want my fluffy tails
God dammit
I'm using D'Eon because I keep my word and they're a decent enough tank.
D'Eon is like the second worst option you could have gotten.
I'm sorry.
NA gets it with the second EoR chapter.
More than a year.
That's another year away in NA, sandly.
Hopefully that explains things.
She is a catgirl.
Saber Astolfo was on the leak list.
_angry banana Oni noises_
>thinks garbage is better than poop

_heretic_
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFT8ti5JIp4 - Here's another really good TAS fight
Nooooooo?
Yep.
Ubisoft killed it.
-patriotic bald eagle screeching noises-
>has a trident

of course
I'm thinking about getting Azur Lane when the english translation shows up
https://twitter.com/Nintendoushio/status/1008260563569397760
Soooooo
Steam Sale just started.
Well.
Oh this is Maplestory chat.
Urgh.
Which game is that?
Ah.
https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/typemoon/images/d/d7/Saber_Lily_Ryuji_Higurashi_cut_in.png
Oh you haven't seen the back of it, have you?
https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/typemoon/images/b/b7/SaberLilGOStage1.png - my only real contribution to the dress armor discussion.
.......congratulations?
Armor is probably a texture or something.
PHYSICS
Like that right there, wandering around in normal gameplay? That's just weird and off-putting.
I just have this thing where I don't really like skimpy swimsuit outfits unless they're context appropriate.
She carries the Mist around with her, and Grail Wars are generally nightly, but the female thing's a roll of the dice, and Maria the Ripper gets a lot worse if you can't hit all three.
Aside from nobody being able to actually remember her, the one trick she uses needs the target to be A) Female, B) out at night, and B) in the Mist.
Jack's not even that good most of the time.
R6S?
There's an Nerofest challenge fight that's full God Hand Herc though.
But you only fight him four lives at a time.
In Agartha he does.
It's from some religious things, I think?
