I'm not actually a fan of long lockdowns, I much prefer the "smart" ones as in NL or Germany which are softer and combine a large testing strategy to actually do statistically true  predictions and just reopen in a realistic timescale rather than just isolating and hoping for the best while jobs and companies big to small go poof.


But these guys are really exaggerating
Pls no social Darwinism jokes
It's like, The League of Idiots
Antivaxxers here in Italy are teaming up with neofascists to do a march on the 25th of April.
The anti-lockdown people are unfortunately a global phenomenon
For whatever's worth,
North Africa? American interests in North Africa are pretty few aside from Egypt, which isn't exactly the most unstable state in that zone.
Well middle eastern countries have a security dilemma too. Depends on the specific case. Saudi Arabia arms up in response to Iran. Qatar arms up in response to Saudi. Israel arms up in response to....pretty much everyone.
You can argue there's the whole arms race effect, but in the end what puts India (and Pakistan, and China) in a distrustful position is the Dilemma of Security.
Surely, but those tensions are not sparked by arms sales. If anything, they drive them.
how many wars as India gotten into recently? Not a lot. But they turn big bucks for Russian arms sellers. And French ones for that matter.
and you can profit off arms sales even without warfare.
It's nost just westerners though.
The arms industry is unethical? Yeah probably.
Pretty much all gunmakers sell to Middle Eastern countries though, I don't get what's the point.
weird kind of puppet state one where famous artists such as N.EX.T and PSY made anti-US songs with no lashback as early as 2003.
if you think that Capitalism = US, that is
Parasite and Squid Game don't seem like US propaganda.
South Korea has some oversized cultural power given how relatively few people ( or Korean speakers in general ) they are.
Last I checked the premiere streaming service (Netflix) if anything spreads a lot of non-US cultural products.
That's true of any commercial product, and it's mostly in terms of being liked by a wide enough audience.
(and Casa De Papel's/Money Heist main theme is an Italian partisan song)
if I'm watching anime subbed in English while reading up about my fave K-pop artists and checking out the new episodes of Casa de Papel, am I subject to an exclusively American frame of cultural influence, or it's something much more wide?
How much of it is US culture and how much of it is globalized culture though.
Which doesn't mean that the French one suck, they're just relatively less popular.
But US movies end up being the most seen and profitable in the box office.
and cinemas and tv channels have quotas for French content.
which has got a very very protective media environment
France
I just think of like
Probably more people who though positively of standards of living (while still thinking of US healthcare as abysmal) but that's it
Honestly as far as my memory goes,  perception of the US in these degrees was basically the same twenty years ago.
https://www.pewresearch.org/global/2021/11/01/what-people-around-the-world-like-and-dislike-about-american-society-and-politics/pg_2021-11-01_soft-power_0-06/
It's this one anyway
Look, I saw a Pew research recently about EU perceptions of the US and  they frankly seem more to shift due to political changes (eg. Presidency) rather than media.
well you're speaking as if Platoon and Apocalypse Now weren't big ass hits even then.
The Report (2019)
I recall a more recent movie with Adam Driver (Kylo Ren in the new SW trilogy) that's much much less polite about the conduct of the CIA.
That's ten years ago?
are Marvel movies big on the military nowadays? Last one I saw that involved it heavily (Civil War) didn't exactly have a courteous depiction.
The last Iraq War film that garnered any serious traction was The Hurt Locker, I think? Definitely not a pro-war piece.
Well Rambo III is quite an old ass movie. I haven't seen the White Helmets one but I assume it's about an NGO that's mostly crewed by Syrians?
Oh yeah, those definitely. I was thinking of big budget productions though.
I have seen 12 Strong with Chris Hemsworth, which is set in Afghanistan. It does have a positive portrayal of the US soldiers, but a lot of the movie is about Dostum's Uzbek militias too and arguably the whole plot is not about enforcing western values on Afghanistan, but just neutralizing a Taliban force.
Could you name a recent film like that? Personal interest.
They're not even the main party in bombing the country. That's the Russians.
You could argue that the US shipping guns to Syria didn't help things, but they're not the main culprits of the sharp sectarian divides, economic inequality and all other kinds of woes that Syria went/is going through
Libya is Italian and French turf, western interference there is almost all of our doing (I happen to be Italian). Syria, yeah the US was involved in the conflict, but after the hostilities were already ongoing due to the food/energy crisis of 2011.
The showrunners actually forced the actress to put on a more reddish hair dye for S2.
I've seen some soyrage about swarthy hobbits but there's nothing official.
Probably because caper movies used to be dominated by anglo-saxon productions, but it's stopping to be the case.
