who's the best shipping partner for Ver? I'd say Adam
oh hey it's like one of the five people who've played *The Missing*
_scrolls up_
That is a very studly Bikky
_scrolls up_
ðŸ‘€
yes
I kind of want to gush a little bit
aye aye, thank you
I am definitely saving these
...I may have used waifu2x to upscale certain screenies for wallpaper purposes
That is a fair point
I can take a crack at re-ratio-ing them
anxflower what?
||also hell's bells how I wish that scene had just been thirty seconds longer so we could've gotten a sight that heart-melting||
||that final scene||
I wanted to buy the wall scroll of, uh
Yes. That. that exact shit
(Miku is a *very* lucky woman)
...honestly as far as sax appeal goes I think Maria or Chris kind of outstrip Hibiki tbh, Hibiki's appeal is really in her courage and love and heroism
Thank you
*god* the Husbikky energies on that pic of shirtless brawler Bikky are intense
_scrolls up_
Is shirtless brawler Bikky edgebiki
||Not much room for the ambiguity of language there||
||Yeah I like to think that's exactly what they did right after the camera pulled away||
Well edgebiki or no she's a fucking stud and makes me melt
get it
because canon
the HIbiMiku kid should be named Kanon
(I approve of women with axes in general tbh)
seems legit
...what class is she
I kind of like Bikky more ||the more she gets put through the emotional wringer and just ends up looking more and more heroic||
Yes. The littlest, ||transest|| zombie
(one of the episodes of Zombie Land Saga *actually* made me cry. you know the one)
looking forward to the second season
Zombie Land Saga was a great show
(Bikky should have a six-pack tbh)
I don't even ship TsubaMari and yet, same
...bifauxnen!bossa unironically is hotter than bossa in the show
should have told Hibiki that Miku is into her already
Saint-Germain and the squad ||got done dirty|| CMV
Someone needs an E prescription.
Just normal water-cooler chatter, as you do
Miku to Fate: "So your marketing team didn't let you two kiss either?"
(I approve of Kirika being the butch one)
I was about to ask, why is Chris so flat
wait a minute are Chris and Shirabe cosplaying each other here
...what, is Maria/Chris a common ship? I didn't realize people shipped Maria with anyone but Tsubasa
Maria and Chris shipping? That one's new
...a bit yes
Oh ho? Are they getting married to each other?
<:MikuGay:336656810788388864> <:HibikiGay:670494484701773845> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690>
because seriously
what was the event for this
oh *shit*
is that Edgebikky on the left
Miku, and all of us, deserve to see Hibiki in a tux
...yeah I want a HibiMiku wedding. and a kiss
oh
...Are Kanade and Tsubasa getting an event where they get married?
<:HibikiGay:670494484701773845>
...that is a very thirsty getup
~~Let Hibiki grip Miku tight~~
<:MikuCry:688397678584791074> <:HibikiCrying:421432969996271616> <:HibiMikuCry:586026583870013455>
there desperately needs to be more Symphogear content where they're finally allowed to ||confess and kiss onscreen and get married and have kids and be happy together forever and ever||
<@!454822882045067298> you all right there?
*she is worthy*
I mean
Ichika?
because while Hibiki might be worthy of having a harem, unlike a harem protagonist, we already knew her one and only
Well, OK, maybe that part isn't so fitting
...that's surprisingly fitting
Ah, that's right, Cags enjoyed flirting with Chris didn't she?
battle-damaged Hibiki princess-carrying Miku
I kind of wish we got to see more like
...now I have to go rewatch Symphogear to see if Hibiki or Miku have ever said "The moon is really beautiful tonight" to each other
ahh
Does Shirabe mean "moon" or something?
In other news, today's mood is "Kannazuki no Miko is old enough to drive this year, **why is subtext yuri still a fucking thing**"
<@!186660127825330177> https://youtu.be/ujnZMSrCZT8
<@!186660127825330177> Do *you* get the ref
someone finally made one what Solo
anyway
also this ship is heresy
god dammit I get the reference
assert dominance by buying a lewd plushie of a boy character
Google Translate does it again
"The original picture for general use by playing with something dedicated to one person was in the hands of Mr. Mirai (ã‚šâˆ€ã‚š)"
I'm not sure what I'm seeing
Oh ho what am I looking at
I do want the story behind that ring tho
I'd be like "yeah we're gonna need another three hours of these before we can confirm it"
sadly I do not have a Pixiv
Bayonet Charge Chris is a lucky woman
*scrolls up*
<:MikuBliss:336657233712513024>
Shirabe havin' a thirst
...inb4 it's a HibiMiku vs. DMJii splatfest ;.;
Fine is fine too
Science!Shirabe is fucking adorable
Belatedly
Oh. I read the wrong thing into the scissors and the boxcutter there
Hibiki. Hibiki what did you do.
when did Kiri get so hot
Why must you rub it in
I would watch this anime
part of me wants to see like, Sunao and Nio teaming up to do more heroic action yuri
*Akuma no Riddle* was a pretty rad manga
Bikky tips her fedora to Miku like "M'Sunshine"
Does AU!Basa play electric guitar?
she cute
what about Jean's ass
Yes that's the character being cosplayed
...I know who she's cosplaying, but who is the character doing it
But who's the character in the costume?
that's a little spicy for sfw
The one of Hibiki princess-carrying Miku?
vaporize that last inkling of implausible deniability and give us our goddamn confession/kiss
it's 2020 and Satelight should just go ahead and go all-in on confirming HibiMiku tbh
(the MC only gets subtext tho)
*Bodacious Space Pirates* actually has a Fully Text couple in the supporting cast
*Flip Flappers* I feel could have stood to be at least a little bit more Text
and *Valkyrie Drive Mermaid* which is *Valkyrie Drive Mermaid* and it actually has Heroic Gay in it but you will have to lick it out of the bottom of the fucking yuri dumpster
and *Citrus*, which is... it's *Citrus* and I don't know how I sat through 12 eps of it
oh, and *Sakura Trick*, which really is boring except for the kissing but I still got through 12 eps of it somehow
*Symphogear*, *Bloom Into You*, *Kase-san and Morning Glories*
The stuff I've watched so far is the stuff everyone's watched
Not nearly as many titles as I'd like, which is one of the big reasons I have withdrawal attacks not long after any time I get my gay fix in a big way
tfw I'm addicted to gay shit but violently allergic to CGDCT
that's fair enough
like the problem is more extensive than fetishization because it applies even to yuri stuff that is not ecchi or outright porn
frustrations with yuri-as-a-genre
anyway continuing from <#336297387863703552>
Oh I definitely should, I just need a Netflix sub for that and my Hidive trial is still ongoing
</personalvent>
so in my fiction I really need something with enough feeling to make itself felt above that particular fog cloud
I think a lot of my problem is that I sort of have this autistic-emotional-static background noise in my head where if you ask me how I'm feeling I may actually answer "I don't know" simply because whatever I'm feeling, it's not strong enough to be heard over General Background Noise
this is a purely personal vent tbh
Anyway on yuri, Slice of Life, and CGDCT and more specifically my aversion to Slice of Life and CGDCT and thus my suffering that yuri is usually SoL or CGDCT
RIP
||Do the XV OVAs touch Hibiki and Miku's Relationship Upgrade with a ten-foot pole?||
I also haven't watched the Symphogear OVAs yet
fair 'nough
I mean Hidive *does* have Revue, both sub and dub
I thought supposedly it had ended at volume 7 but RightStufAnime has pre-orders up for V8
Apparently there's a Volume 8 coming out for BIY
I watched Bloom Into You in dub
I might just watch the Hidive dubs
Yeah. I was watching the Hidive subs but then I got told the Hidive subs were awful and that lead down a rabbit hole and ||I don't have a torrent client||
I still need to finish that
look, there's one solid way to deal with a fascist, and it's generally considered ~~illegal~~ impolite to discuss it in public
Yeah it was property destruction on the scale of, what would the numbers be after inflation? How many millions of dollars worth of tea?
(that much is apparent)
All routes to peaceful revolution are being locked down
The JFK quote on this matter should not be at all controversial: that those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable
^
system broke, always been broke
Also, there's a reason Martin Luther King started gravitating towards hanging out with communists later in his life
Nah, the kind of nonviolent protests that Martin Luther King organized, which still physically interfered with the normal conducting of business, would be considered "violence" today
^
We've basically hit a point where the system is no longer capable of righting itself
There isn't a more peaceful way, tho. Peaceful protest has no effect on anything pretty much
Using force to resist a system of oppression, exploitation, and dehumanization is not evil
Martin Luther King refused to condemn riots, for a very good reason: they are the voice of the unheard
All the legitimate levers of power are already fully under lockdown by capitalism and the goons
There is no other path
Look. When peace doesn't work and the only options left are violence or accepting being oppressed, I don't blame people for picking violence
Like how big is the wealth disparity between white and black families in America now? Worse than apartheid-era South Africa or some shit?
It's not really about slavery at this point, or even official legal segregation. It's more about the entire complex of economic exploitation and oppression of which those were only the most outwardly grotesque manifestations
But that's about PSO2, not the other stuff
Honestly I'd give PSO2 a week or two
Also, yeah, cops are not unknown to do false-flag ops in order to justify increased police violence
The looting is related to economic exploitation and oppression, because a lot of oppressed people are poor and apparently a lot of the looting is of, like, stuff people need but can't afford at the moment
...that also is a mood
Someone whose arms I can feel safe and cherished and protected in
But I'm weird because I've eaten too much of the vidya and shit and I don't want to be in a relationship to just not be alone, I want to be loved by someone brave and protective, you know?
No wonder I didn't know about it
Oh, it's het
What is Senko-san anyway
But I try to keep in mind that someone else not reciprocating my feelings doesn't mean that they think I *don't deserve* to be loved
Rejection sucks
I think that's why I like my Heroic Gay Love (or Antiheroic, or Villainous, or Mythological Gay Love) so much. I want to be loved like that
That whole "I want to love and be loved" thing is such a big damn mood tbh
I fucking wish
I'm trying to remember what the Pentagon's internal estimate of what percentage of soldiers would desert if ordered to open fire on Americans was, but I seem to recall it being pretty high
Holy shit, really?
Like, Freddie Grey actually won a settlement due to the fact that he suffered from lead poisoning and someone was liable for it. It's just that there's also an entire industry of lawyers out there whose job is to buy out these settlements for pennies on the dollar by offering the victim a lump sum that's worth a fraction of the lifetime payments they're owed to buy those lifetime payments from them, which is easy for them to do because they're specifically targeting people exposed to a toxic chemical that significantly reduces intellectual capacity to the point that these people frequently cannot even read the papers they're being given (and the fact that despite their conflict of interest they can claim they totally saw the victim sign this and that paper and that the signature is totally theirs).
A lot of people don't seem to understand that things like "muh genes" and "muh inferior cultures" are not the only possible things that go into crime statistics, and forget that those statistics are also heavily affected by white people being less likely to be arrested even *after* controlling for the actual rate at which they break the law and less likely to be convicted even after controlling for odds of being arrested, patterns of lead poisoning that persist to this day and being uncommon in white people but extremely common in black people (and lead poisoning is known to have effects like reduced intellectual ability, learning disability, increased violent behavior, etc.), conditions of forced poverty and widespread lack of non-criminal economic survival opportunities for black people as compared to white people and how a great deal of crime is literally just the alternative low-income economy, etc.
It's strange to hear people complaining about LGBT awareness on a server for a yuri anime
*the show*
It's not that this server is really gay so much as like
I'm surprised someone who finds LGBT awareness annoying is on a Symphogear server tbh
Stealth assassin disease > brute force disease
which is why it's so much more dangerous than diseases like ebola that have a much higher per-infectee death rate
And COVID takes its sweet time to incubate and spreads from asymptomatic carriers
yeah the reason COVID is such a deadly pandemic is because it's hard to contain. It's not really a high death rate per person that makes a disease deadly these days so much as the disease being hard to keep contained
belatedly
Yeah. DIY HRT is a thing for the same reason a lot of medical care was once done yourself at home: lack of access to the professional medical system
And a lot of the alleged risks of HRT are actually just risks of being the sex you're transitioning to
Yeah it's *possible* for HRT to go wrong but generally you have to be making some *really huge* mistakes for that. Hormones aren't toxic or anything
If poor white people and poor black people stopped fighting each other and started fighting their masters, we actually *would* have guillotines in Central Park.
We've been primed to think of survival interests as being divided on the basis of things like *race* rather than on the basis of things like *class*. Racial strife is necessary for a tiny minority of rich people to control a vast majority of poors.
Like all non-rich people are oppressed on the basis of having their access to resources restricted by rich people for the purposes of those rich people, but you're not allowed to talk about class in America or else you're a communist, etc.
And if a *hobby* is your primary identity, that means that either you belong to a demographic that isn't oppressed, or your demographic is oppressed in a way that's so normalized that you aren't even aware of it
It's that video games are sort of a textbook case of marketing as selling not a *product* but an *identity*. Under capitalism, you are what you buy
Stop me if you're already extremely familiar with this
OK so, the whole thing with videogames being a breeding ground for the alt-right
Yeah. And it's why there's this entire mythology used to hide what it actually is
hence, *capital*ism
capitalism is literally the *opposite* of being paid for your work. It's specifically about being paid for *ownership*.
under capitalism, the person who *owns tools and facilities* is paid first, and they dole out a fraction of the wealth to the laborers whose time and work created the goods and services being sold
Labor makes things under all economic systems. The -ism just determines who gets paid for it
When actually, capitalism is about who gets paid for labor
there's a vested interest in creating the belief that capitalism is a *force of nature* and that humans cannot change it
and that capitalism is thus somehow "normal" and has "always existed" and isn't an ideology or a system or something created by humans
there's this myth used to hide the ideology of capitalism in plain sight by pretending that any economic activity is capitalism
Oh, yeah, that's another important thing
Also, a great deal of innovations actually come from *public* institutions (which often then get patented by private owners because under capitalism, everything is property and commons what are those)
Greed is *apocalyptic* in the damage it is causing
Greed is literally destroying the world as we speak
Yeah. If you're a good person, you will not become rich, because instead of hoarding your wealth you'll actually pay your employees
Capitalism doesn't invent useful things, it invents ways to sell the slightest derivative of an old thing
Most innovations under capitalism are ways to sell the 354986th new scent of deodorant
Problem? Everyone just ignored them while the rich fucks had the journo assassinated
Like. Hell, not just 100,000 in two months, but 100,000 in two months *during which we had everything locked the fuck down*.
And yet people are like "lol 1% death rate who cares lol"
Hell here in the States 100,000 people died in two months with an estimate of only 2.5% of the country infected. That's 1/40th of the country. 100,000 times 40 is 4 million.
So protests or no, cases are just going to explode and it'll be even worse the second time around.
I mean, COVID isolation will have to be reinstated in *any* case. It's simply not safe to suspend lockdowns right now, because our governments haven't done *shit* to actually deal with the problem. Just, complete and total failure to develop adequate testing capacity or track-and-trace tools.
This has been in the making for decades
Melua's right. The economy is specifically designed to shift all gains towards the top and all damage towards the bottom
clearly, the solution is to cyberbully the author into the ground
tl;dr it ain't just gonna be New York with refrigerator trucks acting as temp morgues and body bags piling up and having to dig mass graves, soon
And that 1% death rate will explode because the current death rate is people who die *even with* medical treatment and doesn't account for all the people who would live with medical treatment but die without it and the fact that unchecked this disease *will* completely overwhelm the capacity of our medical system to deal with it resulting in a whole lot of people who need treatment being completely unable to get it.
Give it two months *without* lockdown and *by Shem-Ha it will be a goddamn bloodbath*.
I know people have been destroying Confederate participation trophies recently
There's a statue of George Floyd? Are you sure that's the name you meant to use?
The people said Burn Shit Down 2020
Also it just tickles me pink that the American public's opinion of the burning down of that police department in Minneapolis is polling over 50% while our presidential candidates and halls of power in general are polling below 50%
The only thing that actually has any hope of Actual Change is *unsanctioned* political activity like the widespread protesting, *and rioting*, we're seeing now
One thing that I'm hoping sticks is *widespread mainstream understanding* that the "legitimate" levers of power us plebs are allowed to touch aren't actually connected to anything in The System. They do Nothing, and this is intentional. The ruling class determines what choices are put in front of us, and they would never offer us a path to peaceful revolution.
As far as getting some progress out of this
I'd be surprised if he already had a statue somewhere
But George Floyd is, specifically, the guy who died recently
It was very easy to see why Hibiki and Miku love each other and honestly it made Hibiki *more* attractive
I don't get the logic of hating characters ending up in relationships because you ship them with yourself. Like I don't find characters less appealing for their romances; I find them moreso. Like if you want to make the audience fall in love with a character, you don't *avoid* romantic relationships with them; you give them a love interest and *let us see them through that love interest's eyes*, or at least, let them show us why we should love them
I mean, I appreciate that at least they're not in denial about it
||and then it became the plot of XV which was awesome||
~~just self-insert as Miku like pillow princesses of culture do~~
why would anyone be bothered by Hibiki and Miku getting together that was the most wholesome shit ever
In which case, like, kiss my ass straight and otherwise Not Yuri anime is a far better served niche than mine
unless they want, like, an anime where all the female characters don't have any relationship development with other female characters or are all deliberately paired off with male love interests or something
...honestly *most* anime is not yuri so I don't know what this person is complaining about
It has a lot more to do with *economic* power dynamics than traditional social liberalism vs. social conservatism
The function of public schools is to teach you how to be an exploited worker. The function of private schools is to teach you how to be a member of the ruling class.
The thing about private and public schools is more that
I'm not sure I'd say *alt*
...I didn't Weird all over the chan earlier did I
Nah if I could do it *myself* myself I'd have gone with my original mental image, which was the Sonic 1 title card
I used a Sonic Mania title card generator tool
I'm sorry it just keeps coming to mind
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/259477662131552257/719977103063384124/CAPITOL_HILL_AUTONOMOUS_ZONE.png
Hold on lemme fetch
No *emojis* in here
Oh wait
Sadly I can't post the meme I made for this topic in here because no pictures in here
Death numbers are already exploding
Oh it's going to get worse
that's a lowball
And a critical mass of people with no economic future = unrest
Do you have any faith whatsoever in either the Trump or Biden administrations to actually be able to navigate the economic fallout from the pandemic? Because I don't. Not even the tiniest goddamn bit.
It's the amount of people left unemployed by the pandemic
And we just missed our chance to repair the social contract when Bernie got pushed out of the Democratic primary
Like, our economy is hitting Great Depression-grade fallout
I mean, you're assuming the system was ever designed to "work." It wasn't. It's all kayfabe.
That's a whole lot of potential rioters
Also it's no longer possible to quell the mobs through conventional tactics because *an entire fucking quarter of the country* doesn't know if it's going to have a place to live or food to eat in the future
Which a lot of cops have already been doing
Actually using those resources would require going full mask off and shooting people with live ammo
Peace doesn't work because the "legitimate" levers of power have been *specifically designed* by the ruling class to connect to nothing. We are ruled by a ruling class, and they have no interest in allowing us to vote against their interests, end of.
https://twitter.com/DavidAgStone/status/1268026823566221312
because, at the end of the day, burning shit down *works* and the system we have now just, has no actual way for the proles to affect anything *besides* actively destroying things
But yeah what's more likely is that we end up with a permanent French-style riot culture where concessions get made because shit is getting burned down
And no one actually *likes* the government we have now
we have a Critical Mass of people who are becoming radicalized, due to like a quarter of the country now being food- and shelter-insecure
There's a problem
Brute force would not be enough to hold the US together because no one really has the discipline or loyalty for that, especially considering how goddamn *huge* the US is
If it went into a Balkanization-type scenario, a good chunk of US soldiers would be likely to defect, possibly to whatever state they're from if the state they're in is splitting off
I mean, most of the US military supposedly is not willing to fire on people who actually live in the US
hell, last I heard "burn down the Minneapolis PD" polls higher than either of the candidates for President
And our military is propped up by forced generational poverty having replaced the draft, meaning a whole lot of our soldiers are only in the military for lack of better economic options and are completely aware of this and aren't actually loyal to the government
like, it's increasingly becoming a Thing that our government has no legitimacy
We have a massive legitimacy crisis in the US right now tho
What's more likely than a revolution that results in a new nationwide government is balkanization
I mean, we basically have a riot culture forming right now
Yeah p. much
it just added an extra layer of pretense required to do it
the 13th amendment *literally did not abolish slavery*
oh man that's an amazing one
which is not entirely the same as the government; the government is ultimately its servant
the ruling class
Or, more specifically
The government obvs
The social contract is dissolving because there's no longer agreement as to the validity of the rule of law.
Now? lolno.
If we'd gotten Bernie in we might've repaired the social contract and kicked the can down the road a few more generations
Like, the ability is simply not there. No one can deal with it.
We're going through a severe economic crisis which no one in our government is competent enough to deal with
Unprecedented civil unrest is guaranteed tbh
and unemployment numbers are artificially suppressed by excluding the *long-term* unemployed
Like, one makes the other inevitable
I reiterate: high unemployment automatically equals unrest
a racist
Sadly there are parts of 2020 that will persist into 2021, like COVID-19
My past is... the past? I remember *information* well but not so much *experiences*, and I don't generally find that thoughts of the past bring me any comfort. I'm not entirely sure what constitutes a "happy memory," for instance.
a lot of people who've had Bad Experiences do not want to go into detail about them
I mean, that may have been the gist of it
as far as his own popularity goes
if something doesn't immediately affect him, it's not *relevant* to him, and he thinks the number of people known to be infected is a bigger problem than people actually dying
it's more that he has a narcissist's sense of *relevance*
under first-past-the-post voting this is fundamentally inevitable and cannot be fixed
first-past-the-post systems end up boiling down to having two actual parties with any mathematical viability
that's purely a mathematical reality of first-past-the-post voting
that wasn't an arbitrary decision
as far as only the Republican and Democratic parties mattering goes
belatedly
our ruling class absolutely *does not want* a general public that is educated enough to participate in democracy
our country wants the masses to only be educated enough to be able to perform labor for their owners
oh that's by design
But he's had brain worms for a while now, and I just wish COVIDiots and anti-vaxxers only killed themselves, not other people
or how many times the amount of ICU beds we have 1% of the population is
bitch do you have any fucking clue what 1% of 7 billion people is
hell my sperm donor outright said on the Facebooks that a 1% death rate isn't worth a shutdown and like
Yeah, my brother, whom I unfortunately live with, is falling down the conspiracy theory rabbit hole and thinks this virus is no big deal and that we should all just snort hydroxychloroquine
If our leaders still want to just let it rip through the population, there will be tangible consequences that cannot be spun, like massive die-offs in the older generations that keep turning out to vote for reactionary shitlords
This one? Everywhere. And the places that are flaunting it will feel it soon enough.
All I can hope is that it's a catalyst for the changes we *desperately* need. Previous crises didn't have massive political effects because they were *local* and most people could just click their tongues and turn away. Like Flint, Michigan, which is *unspeakably abominable and should never happen in any country that purports to be "civilized"* but didn't really change anything because most people just aren't affected by it.
Yeah. Honestly, even those countries that took it seriously are still going to be dealing with it for a long time.
Basically we as a species forgot that a fuck-you contagious virus that's just dangerous enough to kill millions of people can just pop out of nowhere at any time. We fucked around and found out.
Granted, supposedly the flu also used to be much worse than it is today, and it's possible that evolutionary drift over time will result in it being less lethal. It's just, that will happen on *generational* timescales, meaning that for a few *decades* it will be amazingly shit.
And worse, it's not just a respiratory virus. That's its *transmission vector* but it's a more general inflammation virus and shows signs of being able to damage several different organs besides the lungs, including the fucking brain
The absolute *best-case* scenario in the near future is that we have a new disease that goes around sometimes that has a 1 or 2 percent chance of suffocating you to death on your own blood
It is not even remotely unlikely that twenty years from now we'll *still* be dealing with this and you'll have to show proof of up-to-date immunization to get into a crowded venue
Honestly
We're already seeing signs of it mutating to be more contagious
It's a coronavirus. An *RNA* virus. Those fuckers mutate about a hundred times as fast as DNA-based viruses.
It's not just sociopathic, it's impossible
You know that "herd immunity" strategy a bunch of shitty political leaders wanted where we'd just let hundreds of thousands or even millions of people die so everyone else could develop herd immunity and we could keep the economy open at the cost of sacrificing hundreds of thousands or millions of lives?
Oh it's already mutating
Especially the giant jump in deaths that comes when ICUs hit 100% capacity and suddenly people who would've survived this and other problems *with* treatment start dying just because treatment isn't available
Yeah. The exploding death rate is not something that'll be able to be hidden indefinitely, tho, as morgue freezer trucks and mass graves come to cities all over the nation
yes, exactly
the only way you can change it is to get rid of first-past-the-post voting, like by introducing instant runoff voting or ranked choice voting or some other system, but the two parties who are enshrined by FPTP have a vested interest in making sure that doesn't happen
Like, there's no indication that this thing will ever be Just Over like people want it to be
I didn't say you can't develop immunity I said *herd* immunity is off the table
At that point do we finally qualify for failed state status?
Normally we have about half a million homeless people and now we're set to have 28-29 million
that's *28 million people*
eight fucking percent, inside of two months, in the middle of a plague
for fuck's sake here in the states *as much as 8% of our entire national population is slated to be evicted inside the next two months*
and we Fucked Around and Found Out
Spoiler alert this is Disease X. Everyone with any sense of restraint or prudence was like "hey we're sitting ducks for the next pandemic" "hey our economy is seriously unstable and will snap the instant something goes wrong" "hey our population is overworked and underpaid and on the verge of homelessness over a missed paycheck" etc. and our leaders were just like "lol we can't do anything about that our donors need the line to go up"
And it's an RNA virus. Signs are that we *cannot* develop herd immunity against it. We may not even be able to develop a *vaccine* against it because there's currently a lot of evidence of reinfections, weak antibody responses in people who had asymptomatic to mild cases, and the disease being worse the second time around. Meaning that unchecked, it won't burn itself out through herd immunity, it will quite possibly just keep cycling through the population indefinitely getting worse every time.
Part of the problem is, it won't just hit boomers, though it will hit them worse and result in lower amounts of conservative voters going forward. It's shown that it absolutely *can* kill younger people or leave younger people with long-term medical problems like issues with the heart, lungs, kidneys, possibly even *brain*, etc.
I don't like to be so cavalier about death. I'd much rather we deal with this properly, which would force us to unfuck the economy in the process and reorient it around producing to *meet people's needs* rather than for an endless cycle of *printing money* as well as making sure everyone is provided for even if they don't have a full-time job anymore, etc., than that we let it run its toll and cause untold death.
I think I heard some scuttlebutt about the White House wanting to post the fucking *National Guard* in hospitals to control COVID-19 data?
Aaand I was just about to link the relevant meme but not sure if I'll get bopped for posting it in <#336297840529899522>
(and also a significant percentage of survivors will be left with serious long-term complications)
it's not at all unthinkable that twenty years from now you'll have to show proof of up-to-date immunization to get into a crowded venue, because right now, the absolute *best-case* scenario is that a couple of years from now we have a new bug that goes around occasionally like the flu, except it may cause you to suffocate to death on your own blood
coronaviruses mutate like a motherfucker and there's no guarantee that herd immunity will be a thing or even that vaccines will finally put an end to this
pretty much yeah
responding to that meme in <#384870333620027403>
incel circles are inherently full of shit, it's unlikely that women *hate* you so much as you just don't catch their interest at first glance and we have fewer and fewer institutions that lend themselves to, like, organically interacting with other people and getting to know them without consciously deciding we're interested in dating them first
For a variety of reasons, including Reagan legitimizing the increasing hoarding of wealth by the ruling class and the destruction of labor unions and etc.
Yeah. They were only "good ol' times" for a certain fortunate middle class, but the economy has basically hollowed out over the past half-century or so
Now, the expectation is 80 hours (or more) of labor a week per household, for a less secure and more debt-ridden lifestyle
Like sixty years ago it was possible to have a middle-class existence for four to six people or so on a total of 40 hours of labor a week
And among adults, the amount of labor that must be sold to pay the rent has vastly increased
I think a good chunk of that is increasing labor demands. Children and adolescents have to do more schoolwork so that they can get into a good school because slots for the middle class are drying up and if you don't get good grades and get into a good school and pick the right major and excel in it and etc. you will become part of the growing mass of permanently impoverished
we just don't really associate with each other anymore outside of work/school
like overall
membership and attendance in basically *all voluntary social groups* is down
I'd say that "church membership and attendance is way down" but like
A lot of people have moved out of smaller towns where it was normal to know all your neighbors and into much higher population density areas where it isn't *possible* to know everyone around you and most of us don't see the point in trying. This movement from rural to urban is not in and of itself a bad thing, it's just, we still need something new to replace what was lost
like in the US, for much of the 20th century, those were work or school, church, and the bar
I know I'm being kind of vague but like, a lot of the norms and social groups that previously kept people in social contact with others
we've just become increasingly atomized and isolated consumers
A lot of the social systems that fell by the wayside had to go, but now we need to come up with things to replace them, and we *haven't* particularly
Yeah, we're currently having a breakdown of social systems whereby a lot of people *don't* end up in a relationship anymore
what about a macho female character and a stereotypical highly feminine male character
...man, would conventional explosives housed in a building actually be able to blow out windows *15 miles away*?
they are, like, inherently bad
this is why I stay the fuck away from gachas
I'm sorry. ;.;
Not sure she'll even make it into the morning tbh. But if she passes in her sleep, that's probably the best way she could go, and I'm here. She's sleeping in bed with me right now, snuggled against my leg.
Yessir.
...something about that mental image just seems so sad. "Putting my dog in a wagon so we can take one last walkie around the neighborhood because she's dying and too weak to stand."
I bought her a wagon tonight, though it was too late and too hot to get her out this evening. But if she makes it through the night, in the morning, I'll put her in the wagon and we'll go for a walkie.
Her condition is worsening at a surprising rate. Last night, she ate a whole-ass meal and one of those fancy milkbone gnaw treats she loves. Tonight she was rejecting chicken nuggies. A couple days ago she was going for walkies, and now she can hardly even stand.
I mean, it wasn't completely unexpected. She's old. I just didn't realize it would come this suddenly.
I say "puppy" but she'd be 14 in two months if she were to live that long, which I'm certain she won't. It's just, no matter how old they get, they're still just a baby, you know?
My puppy is dying, is all
I hurt and I hate death
We could still live in a world where everyone has enough and can have a good life
As the saying is, the Earth has enough for our needs, but not for our greed
I don't know if we could run a *fully* post-scarcity society but we could absolutely run a society where everyone's needs are met, even if not *everything* is as abundant as we'd like.
It also does extract wealth from the nation being subjugated, yes
It's because you're viewing it on the level of conflict *between nations*, when the real primary conflict for a long time now has been between the few who have power and control over resources and the many who do not
(example: phone os updates designed to make older phones run slower)
Yeah. Though I feel like some lifestyle and other adjustments would be necessary. Like not designing our technology for deliberate eventual obsolescence and instead designing it to last us for a long time and then recycle well.
Yes, she drinks water
She doesn't do it always, tho. She's not doing it right now
It's a very worrying sort of wobbling tho
Not *shivering* so much as a strange sort of... it's almost like rocking or wobbling?
I'm gonna take one last stab in the dark tomorrow and ask the vet if they think she's a realistic candidate for treatment of her kidney failure (not, like, dialysis, more like diuresis and stuff)
Right now? Wiped out. She *might* be in pain but if so she's not outwardly showing signs of it. What she acts like is mostly weak and tired, which is consistent with kidney failure
I mean it was a tiny bit funny
Lol
Not particularly, no
No, she tries to get away when I'm taking scissors to her fur
She's all natty on her legs and underbelly because she always fights me when I try to groom her, and I can't safely snip around down there blind
I wish this girl would let me groom her tbh
From <#371105434771390465>
I'll let you know what the vet says about diuresis, too
I will
So the only way *any* treatment could hope for her to survive longer, barring a feeding tube, is to get her eating.
Thing is, an improvement in her quality of life would be a necessary precondition to her living longer *anyway*, because one of her symptoms is very weak appetite, and if she won't eat, she can't continue to survive.
Like I say, I'll base my decision of whether to pursue further treatment options or continue with the Thursday appointment on the vet's advice and whether they think her regaining quality of life, not just living longer, would be a realistic outcome to hope for should we pursue treatments like diuresis.
Yeah
I also already told the vet that I want to be there with her when they euthanize her. The least of the many things I owe her is to be by her side in her twilight.
And thank you
She was a good girl. She mostly just slept while I went about my work
I'm grateful for that
I work as a night auditor at a hotel and when I let her know Snickers is dying, she allowed me to bring her in with me on my last couple of shifts so that I can be with her until the end
She's scheduled for Thursday and unless the vets think treating her kidney failure *realistically* has a chance of healing her anemia and anorexia, or she passes on her own before then, that is... that is when it will be time to say goodbye. Even if no amount of time could be enough.
Even in the most cut-and-dried scenario, curing someone of an illness doesn't cause them to subsequently live forever
I think they did see some signs of it, but how far it has progressed would itself be a serious consideration. If she has cancer waiting in the wings to get worse down the line but it's not actually ravaging her kidneys, then treating her kidneys would be a temporary measure, but *all* life and *all* attempts to cure something to extend it are themselves temporary
It's just a matter of whether the kidney failure is itself a symptom of some underlying condition like cancer. And the fact that they didn't suggest diuresis when the blood work came back suggests they may think that's the case.
Like I say, I'm gonna have a talk with the vet. Because kidney failure seems to tie up her worst visible symptoms, the anemia and the anorexia and the weakness and weight loss resulting from them. I don't have the resources to string her out on dialysis, but if there's a realistic chance we can restart her kidneys with diuresis and improve her quality of life, I will seriously entertain it.
Yeah, therein lies the problem. It's entirely possible her kidney failure could be being caused by a cancer or something, as opposed to being its own independent thing.
I'm only going to pursue options with a realistic chance of helping her quality of life. If the vets think improvement would be a realistic possibility with treatment of the kidney failure, I'll seriously consider it, but I don't want her to be stuck alive but in the really bad state of health she's in
Oh, she's scheduled for euthanasia Thursday, barring a surprise Improvement or us deciding something like giving diuresis a shot
Problem is she does have other health problems too, even if currently her most severe symptoms smack of kidney failure. It's just, it's entirely possible that kidney failure is the *weapon*, not the *killer*
Tomorrow I'll ask the vet if she's a realistic candidate for diuresis (flushing the kidneys to try to restart them)
Yes, but she doesn't like medicine to begin with tbh
I can think of one last stab in the dark to take
Oh she's dying
Got her on antibiotics and some meds for her tummy and appetite, but their impact so far has been limited
She's been to the vet
I mean, we got a blood test. Abysmal red blood cells, monstrous white blood cells, and kidney function in the "starting to fall" range
I filter it and everything
Yes
Quite a bit
<:ChrisHibikiHug:630262562361049121>
Also, thank you
Also feeding her hamburger. She seems to like that quite a bit, so I'll be feeding her plenty of it.
I found myself pre-grieving pretty hard with Snickers, but... my little girl needs peace, and I'm glad that I've come to accept it in time to enjoy her cuddles for our last few days.
Yeah, that's the rub. I know how it is to pre-grieve instead of enjoying the time you have left with someone, but honestly, I think it has a lot to do with someone finally reaching the point where they're just not OK and never will be OK again and their fate is sealed
So, she's with me until Thursday, and then it's time to let her go.
Vet said it's *possible* certain treatments might work but that it'd be a major struggle with a very slim chance of success, and not something to realistically hold out hope for.
Trying to directly treat her kidney problems themselves would be unlikely to help. They *strongly* suspect lymphoma/blood cancer. And by "strongly suspect" I mean her white blood cell count is the highest they've ever seen and a lot of the white blood cells they examined were freak cells that could not be identified.
OK, so, I had the opportunity to talk to the vet about the possibility of further treatments for my puppy
OK, so
I'll need it, but my puppy will need it more.
Thank you
Tomorrow's the day and I'm having trouble believing it
<:ChrisHibikiHug:630262562361049121>
Honestly, I still wish I'd been better. But I know that's a very unoriginal sentiment.
(I work the 11pm-7am at a hotel)
I'm really grateful that my boss let me have her during my shifts at work last weekend
Honestly
I really hope so. She was a better dog than I was a dog-keeper tbh.
I'm as OK as I can be tbh. It's one part a hole in my heart, one part a weight off my shoulders, and one part not even feeling entirely real yet. But I know I did the right thing and that it was time to let her go. We spent the last several days lazing around on the couch together, snuggling in bed together, going for walkies around town with me carrying her in my arms, relaxing under shade trees and enjoying the breeze, and feeding her all the hamburger she could eat.
She has peace now.
From what I've *heard*--I have not watched the thing--it's actually more about the dangers of premature sexualization and yeah, this is a case of very bad marketing
The *actual reason they were created* was to protect the capital of the ruling class
like protecting *people* is very much a side job of the police, if they do it at all
also, a thing to bear in mind, is that private property, not human life, is what police were originally created to protect
And it is as Nuker, and JFK before him, said: Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable. And if, as we have seen, the ruling class has actively endeavored to make peaceful revolution impossible, is it *wrong* for the poors to seek the only remaining alternative?
And we don't live in a democracy.
And, yeah. The ruling class has shown its hand and that it is actively shutting off any attempt to vote away its right to hoard unlimited wealth while everyone else has to make do with less and less, and if you can't vote for major change, you don't live in a democracy.
So, targeting capital in anti-police protests is understandable
from being expropriated by the poors they exploit
does your mom also say no vaccines
I mean, it's literally the reason the New Deal happened. FDR created the New Deal specifically to prevent a Communist revolution, *which otherwise would have happened*.
The *only* peaceful resolution we can hope for at this point is Trump losing and things still getting so awful that even the absolute garbage subhumans that run the DNC start trying to fix things not out of the goodness of their hearts, but so that they don't die in a literal violent revolution.
We're on the verge of it right now in the United States with the eviction crisis. If ten percent of the population ends up homeless, there will not be enough cops to stem the tidal wave of desperate poors.
Realtalk shit is going to get worse before it gets better. History is a long cycle of the ruling class deciding that *this time* the peasantry can't overwhelm them with their vastly superior numbers and their armed thugs and all the other techniques they've developed over the centuries will keep them in power no matter what they do, and shit hitting the fan because their hubris and greed ends up creating a critical mass of people who *literally have fucking nothing left to lose* and are *hungry*.
And this is even *if* you get around the shit that they don't even have to put any effort into, like the fact that while you're trying to build a third-party movement, this will almost certainly assure a few election cycles where the Republicans win due to the spoiler effect and they *will* use the opportunity to pack the courts and pull shit like that.
Example: what they pulled during the Democratic primary this year. You keep talking about voting third-party as a fix, but remember that these people control, like, all of the shit. Worst-case scenario, they can pull shit like changing the rules of who's allowed to participate in debates, order media blackouts (because all the news is owned by a tiny handful of corporations that fundamentally have the same material interests), etc.
Anything you do to try to get around this, they will put all of their resources into countering, and they have more resources than you do.
Yes, but they control all the legitimate levers of power. You can't vote them out because they control who you can even vote for.
Like, that's seriously how it works. There is a no-shit actual ruling class and they aren't capable of shame and don't care about anything but maximizing their own benefit, and the only thing that ever gets them to give ground is being in fear of their lives.
But honestly the grift is in. All "legitimate" forms of power are controlled by the ruling class. The only reason they *ever* allow anything to change is if they fear that the alternative is the guillotine.
because it's working out great for the people who own everything
have you considered that it's entirely possible that our political system isn't broken at all but was *designed* to be this way
serious thing to consider
OK, so
3rd parties are mathematically impossible due to FPTP voting
like there's a very concrete problem and it's "rich people" and the fact that basically all political parties are beholden to them because they control the resources
The problem is that all choices are way too far to the right because policies are determined by rich people whose vested interest is in raising rents, lowering wages, and paving the way for them to accumulate all wealth and leave the rest of us with nothing
OK, years ago
and now this shit
I mean, months ago people were getting told they were overreacting for pointing out that the ICE camps looked *remarkably* like the early stages of the Holocaust
Crazy conspiracy theorists don't get bagged and tagged, but people who blow the whistle on *actual* horrors do
I fear for her safety tbh
https://twitter.com/JoshuaPotash/status/1306039969690025985
*welp*
honestly "sex work" is not actually a very good replacement for "prostitution" precisely because it's an umbrella term
Oh. That's a somewhat less extreme form of sex work than a lot of people are talking about when discussions of "sex work" come up
But a lot of people who are *so concerned* about prostitution are basically middle- to upper-class privileged women who don't understand that the world revolves around resources and that people do sex work because they're *poor*, or, worse, *don't care* and want the systems that create inequality and despair to remain because they personally benefit from them, they just want to not have to think about the most obviously odious effects still being out there.
But seriously. If you want to deal with prostitution and exploitation, fix poverty. Everything else is just banging rocks together.
And I mean, we can split hairs all day, but the problems with this whole prostitution thing as we know it *are* because of poverty. Poverty creates the despair and resource/power disparity that even allows for an exploitative sex trade. Without poverty, even if some form of sex work continues to exist, it would bear little to no resemblance to what we have now, which is, again, people who are desperate having sex for resources so they aren't homeless and starving.
the people who like it would just sleep around
Sex *work* wouldn't be around in a post-scarcity world because there'd be no need for it to be work
It exists because desperate people need money. End of.
the only way to abolish prostitution is to abolish poverty. no amount of punishment, on the end of either the workers or the johns, will stop it.
as long as poverty exists, so will prostitution
it is a consequence of poverty
prostitution is entirely a symptom of other problems
honestly
But honestly at this point? Violent unrest is the only thing that will actually move the hand of the ruling classes, because they have no shame and the only thing that can get them to compromise is fear for their own skins.
On top of all the violent unrest we're *already* getting.
Oh. Yes, this election will be nasty. It's highly likely to be contested, and if it is, all projections point towards violence.
Given that both of the presidential candidates are at the Any Day Now age.
I mean, that's also very likely.
And if ten percent of the population ends up homeless, things will officially be That Bad.
If things get so bad that the rest of the DNC is like "hey uh we need Guillotine Insurance" and Biden refuses, they will absolutely throw him to the wolves (25th Amendment, undermining him by dumping out everything they know about all of his scandals to force him to resign and hand the reins over to Harris, etc.)
Joe Biden is not actually going to be in power. He's just a DNC puppet, which is not at all reassuring, and the only thing that can be hoped for here is that the DNC want to, like, not be frog-marched to the guillotine.
they're executed according to what people who have power want
And here we come to the thing where laws aren't real, only power is.
Employment laws aren't really enforced here in the US anyway tbh. It's completely routine for companies to classify their employees as "independent contractors" to dodge labor laws, even when this is completely and totally fraudulent.
The notion that the Nordic model makes it legal to *sell* sex, just not *buy* it, is bullshit. Because their *money* is still illegal because it's from something that's not legal, and also their dependents and even someone renting a home to them can be prosecuted for benefiting from their income (as in, they can be targeted under provisions supposedly intended for targeting pimps).
Oh, also, some negatives of the Nordic model have been left out.
You have a fair point. This is true for domestic sex workers, to an extent. The problem is that there's a bit of a conflict of interest between what benefits domestic sex workers (legalizing their source of income, enough demand that they can turn down johns flying red flags and still make rent, etc.) and what's best for trafficking victims (the lower the demand, the less profitable trafficking is, which reduces trafficking). Except for, idk, the thing about abolishing things like the class system and poverty
At every single turn, you're going uphill.
...But, again, more generally, you're swimming up the waterfall in general, because you're proposing not only humane treatment of a group that most people don't even consider to be *people*, but also it would have to be enforced by a legal apparatus that exists to protect exploiters from retaliation by the classes they exploit rather than to protect the exploited from exploitation, against grifters and pimps who are just doing what our society rewards, which is exploiting the vulnerable.
That's a problem you'll run into with a lot of shit. There's an extent to which you *might* be able to enforce how people are treated, but cultural problems with considering certain groups of people not people at all but rather *human garbage* are hard to dig out.
Oh, there's that, but there's also the fact that the general public, again, doesn't actually care what happens to prostitutes, and this generally includes whoever you plan to actually have enforce laws against abuse of prostitutes.
You can't just criminalize the effects of economic despair out of existence.
The problem with criminalizing prostitution, on the other hand, is that it's useless because prostitution is largely the result of economic despair.
The problem with legalizing prostitution to regulate it is that no amount of legislation will make people give a crispy shit what happens to prostitutes, so laws won't really be enforced. Especially considering that law enforcement doesn't really exist to protect *human beings* anyway, it exists to protect *property*. So you're trying to cut bread with a spoon.
<:YumiPoint:688429724103344164>
And make no mistake, *they have control*. All "legitimate" levers of power exist to serve them.
Nothing can be done until control is wrested from them.
Yeah. The problem with doing this under the current system is that those capitalists at the top *control it*.
If the benefits of automation actually got distributed downwards and not just upwards, we'd *have* much shorter workweeks
Like this 40-hour workweek thing is a bunch of horse shit
That said it's still very much at risk of being an in-our-lifetimes thing, and we absolutely *do* have enough automation that we could have everyone pulling much shorter workweeks than we do now
Like automating driving is still a bitch. We can do it *under ideal conditions* but ironing out all the non-ideal conditions is going to take quite a fucking while.
Farther than some people think tbh
Like we produce so much food as to be market-crashing so a lot of the food that gets produced just ends up rotting because there's too much of it.
We're already damn near post-scarcity on a lot of things. It's just that capitalism and its worship of markets means we have to deliberately *enforce* scarcity where it's at risk of not being a thing anymore.
Yeah. The real problem is the vast majority of prostitution today that is done as a result of despair.
Yeah. And honestly, any form of "sex work" that could be said to exist in a world where no one needs to do it in order to have their basic needs met is just... not going to be remotely a problem in the way that prostitution is now.
Are there exceptions? Maybe but they're fairly peripheral to the actual *problem*.
But seriously. Yeah we could argue about where we actually draw the line as to what's *work* and more specifically what's *sex work*, but in real-world terms prostitution generally sucks ass for the people involved and very few people doing it *want* to be doing it and they're generally doing it because they need the money.
I mean if you're having sex because you like it that's play not work
if you're fucking in a moneyless society you're not a prostitute you're just... a fucker? idk
Like you could be a cook in a moneyless society because you can still cook in a moneyless society
I mean they *could* because "cook" is like, someone who cooks, it's not as specific as "prostitute" which is very explicitly sex for money
is it still sex work if you're trading orgasms for orgasms
I mean in a moneyless society what are you going to trade sex for
It's just that while a lot about the Nordic model and what its advocates will tell you is absolute horse shit, the part about how just straight-up legalizing prostitution will increase demand which will increase the profitability of human trafficking which will result in more human trafficking (and johns don't care whether they're having sex with a "consenting" prostitute who's making a rational decision between selling sex and being homeless or a trafficking victim who's making a rational decision between putting out and being strangled to death by their pimp) is unfortunately true
I mean, fair
it's like that whole black rose arc in Utena, except this time the dude isn't bullshitting when he says "Your only option is to revolutionize the world"
let me put it this way
there is absolutely no non-fuck content in it
And this whole-ass argument is about how to unfuck something that is made entirely of fuck
Like everything we're discussing here is just some symptom of a much larger and more fundamental problem, which is, again, our whole-ass social hierarchy
the problem is that there are no good answers under our current *whole-ass social order* because the social order itself is *irredeemably* bad
I mean, at the end of the day
I'm confused
Wait, what
Every single policy that benefits poors in this country is the result of poors demanding it and concessions being made to soothe unrest, not out of mere electoralism.
Therefore, there really need to be riots regardless of who wins, because important policy changes in favor of the poors don't happen primarily due to elections, they happen because the poors are fighting the ruling class.
The thing is, *both* candidates are shit. The thing about Biden is that he will, presumably, he easier to fight and also less swift to *actively destroy* what little democracy actually exists (which isn't much to begin with).
On the subject of riots and the election
Honestly
I'll live but thanks
Oh I'm fine, just mildly nauseated
also don't ever Google it
please
don't use that word
Yeah just
let's just send this whole-ass idea into the Sun pls
no
I mean, in theory they're a BDSM subculture and all but like
yeah. that's what they call their, ahem, "lifestyle"
let me pretend that word has never been spoken by anyone
just
so uh
But basically a very misogynistic professor wrote a bunch of mediocre and extremely misogynistic shitty science fantasy novels glorifying male domination and enslavement of women, and the series was called Gor, and a whole bunch of sick fucks went and made a subculture "lifestyle" around it
this was a few decades back. Hopefully most of the people involved have died out tbh
OK, so why you should never say "Gorean"
I don't have any Canadian grandparents sadly
More like I'm worried there'll be a literal coup and that it'll all be downhill from there.
My primary motivation is that I'm fucking terrified of what might happen in November tbh
Honestly
There's one seat left in a combined online+classroom first aid course including CPR and AED-BL and granting a two-year certificate through the American Red Cross. The classroom portion is on October 16 and within reasonable driving distance (20-30 miles), and I could make the time slot even if it's not my favorite (1pm to 2:45pm). It's $106 for adult/child/infant or $88 for just adults. Should I do it?
random thought
That would explain your fascination with yuri a bit
And then there's also the credible argument that his movement benefited from being the Nonviolent alternative to the Black Panther Party. As in, Martin Luther King was offering a *nonviolent* out, but if White America didn't take it they could watch the Black Panther Party gain power instead.
They'd call Martin Luther King a terrorist if he rose from the dead and used his exact same tactics today. He believed in *nonviolence* insofar as *not doing bodily harm*, but he absolutely did believe in using non-bodily-harming force to gum up the works of daily life.
Honestly? "Peaceful protest" as powerful people define it doesn't do much, because they define "peaceful protest" as "protest that doesn't actually force anything to change."
also goblins written as looking like Jewish stereotypes
<@!430379754190012426> https://preview.redd.it/dhyu9zi69ns41.jpg?auto=webp&s=7c209bfc7886f69dda019351d42ccee463ce2e30
That if you're not one of the people directly harmed, life during collapse really just feels like life as usual except a whole bunch of people are suffering and dying around you while you're just going to work and thinking about what to have for dinner and shit
Someone who actually lived through the end of the Sri Lankan civil war saying that it doesn't look like Mad Max, but rather, it looks like exactly what's happening in America right now and that the nation is not in the process of collapsing, but rather, has already collapsed
https://medium.com/indica/i-lived-through-collapse-america-is-already-there-ba1e4b54c5fc
Also, some light reading for you
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable"
There's a relevant JFK quote, that's a little frightening but should not be considered controversial
This would basically make Malcolm X the centrist
Whereas Louis Farrakhan is just "fuck yeah kill whitey"
Since Malcolm X was more "not strictly against violence if necessary for the liberation of his people," as opposed to "fuck yeah murder"
Part of me wants to put, say, *Louis Farrakhan* at the far end of the spectrum
I seem to recall their views converging more as the civil rights movement went on
I don't even know if I'd call MLK and Malcolm X opposites
Belatedly
Speaking from experience, grief is weird. Like I'm thinking more of experience with those I was closer to, and whom I was around as they were dying, but grief follows kind of a trajectory. There's a point where closure lets the healing begin.
it's just that Biden is pretty right-wing, whereas Trump has actually managed to go rightward of even Ann Coulter
Ann Coulter isn't really sliding to the left tbh
Copay
Good luck, comrade
but, uh, on the ACW2 thing
as for the shit that came after it can't blame Hawaii for kind of hating the rest of the nation's guts tbh
Though honestly we fucked Hawaii over pretty hard and my opinion there is "do what the Hawaiians actually want us to do," whether that's unfuck their economy and give them more autonomy or let them secede
more the shit that came after it
I have Opinions about this certain topic
Hmm. I missed a bit of a Discussion
_scrolls up_
no they can't, they are not good people
If things go south in November part of me honestly hopes we get state-level resistance from the western seaboard and New England, because *they* might actually be able to succeed. An internal resistance *without* that kind of state-level resistance would just end in the most powerful military in the entire world being turned on and wiping out resisting civilians.
But, yeah
It has *always* been on the verge of fracturing, and has already been through one civil war as it is.
The US has *never* been stable.
Part of the issue is
Honestly
Not just because of four more years of Trump but because of the precedents set by the continuing erosion of what little democracy we have and how it would entail Republicans successfully enshrining minority rule for generations to come barring something extreme like the western seaboard and New England taking extreme measures.
I would *like* to think this nation can be saved. I'm just not very hopeful, and it may be counterproductive to cling to any such hope if Trump pulls a fucking coup because if he does that we are *fucked*.
Canada probably wouldn't want to make that official until they have reason to believe it's not going to get them nuked
Oh, fair enough
Honestly what would most likely happen if the western seaboard and New England seceded--and they had better be *willing to* if they're going to use the threat of it to get democracy restored--is that the western seaboard would form a new nation like Cascadia, and New England would form its own new nation, and they'd be separate from each other due to their complete lack of geographic continuity but they would probably find allying in their best interest, at least until the dust settles.
Canada isn't going to want to get involved tbh, they would not want to make themselves a target. Which is fine; it's not like Canada is really essential here.
What little claim we have to being a democracy is dead if they do that, and if that happens, I *really do* hope that the western seaboard and New England start threatening to secede if the EC doesn't get abolished, at a bare fucking minimum.
if Trump pulls a coup? Biden transparently wins not only the popular vote but also would win the EC going by state-by-state votes, but the Supreme Court rubberstamps a lawsuit to throw out millions of votes or Republican-dominated legislatures abolish the popular vote in their states and directly appoint Trump electors to the EC?
But that said
Not by mail, though. I'm in Wisconsin, and Wisconsin is a state that can't start counting its mail-in ballots until Election Day, and I want the numbers to look as awful for Trump as absolutely possible right on Nov 3.
In-person absentee basically means I vote early.
I'm still worried that the Republicans will manage to steal the election by way of interfering with vote counting, suing to throw out thousands or millions of votes, pulling a coup via the Supreme Court and/or Republican-dominated state legislatures in purple states that break for Biden, etc.
I mean, yeah. That's why I'm going to go vote in-person absentee against Trump and for everything as not-destructive as is available to me on that ballot.
And hopefully in this case "Guillotine Insurance" means "actual economic relief" as opposed to "let's just deploy more dudes with guns to control the millions of homeless people we're about to have"
Our only hope *there* is that the rest of the Democrats get scared enough to start demanding Guillotine Insurance and twist his arm into letting them pass it.
That's what I worry about tbh. Biden has already sworn on his life pretty much that he will defend the exact same destructive neoliberal order that *produced Trump in the first place*.
Yeah. Which is why I floated the idea that maybe if conflict has to happen, that putting it off as long as possible could make the eventual reckoning *far worse*.
And it's like, if things getting ugly is inevitable, is it better for it to be *later* so more people get to live out meager lives for a little longer before everything goes to shit but for the world to then *already* be in a state of massive resource depletion, or for it to be *sooner* before all the resources are already gone and there are still resources to manage more responsibly
Like one thing that occurred to me is that even if capitalism's military and paramilitary forces manage to enforce a capitalist order for a few decades, that *still cannot* stave off an inevitable resource cliff
In the past I was pretty anti-acceleration but a pretty dark thought occurred to me, and that's that it's entirely possible that the US as it exists now cannot be saved, and that an inevitable collapse (insofar as we're not *already* collapsed*) a couple of decades from now could be far worse for putting it off
Oh. Yeah. Fair point
Nor what the article is saying tbh
I mean. That's not what I'm saying.
Though, another thing the article lays out, is that the vulnerable people are *already* being killed off, and pretending we're *not* already in collapse won't help the people who are being left to die right now
I think in a lot of cases it'd be *soldiers* dying first actually. The real issue is that we already have camps full of minorities the current administration wants rid of, and that's... that's extremely reminiscent of a certain very well-known war almost a century ago and how a certain nation's dictator went Full Genocide because they were losing
like, hell, Steam would probably still be up, to provide an example of Normalcy Continuing
Yeah. Like I, too, always thought that an ACW2 would be Mad Max, but... upon reconsideration, it makes sense that it *wouldn't*, really
*obviously* this is going to be influenced by population and could probably do with some adjustment for same
like, he made the claim that more people have died in America in the last three months than died in Sri Lanka during its 30-year-long civil war
that Civil War isn't Mad Max, it's mostly a whole bunch of normalcy punctuated by some bad shit, most of it happening to other people, and that we're *already* all watching horrific things happen to more and more Other People every day
And what he lays out is that America is basically already there
That article is by a guy who actually *lived* in a place that had an ongoing civil war, while it was ongoing
https://gen.medium.com/i-lived-through-collapse-america-is-already-there-ba1e4b54c5fc
hierarchy needs to be abolished
Yeah, agree
there was actually an interesting article I read
It's not true that only the Republican base voted for him. There was an outer orbit of voters that went for him that isn't going for him this time (see also how his margin plummeted by a whopping *ten percent* among white voters, and that was *before* September I think)
So he got a lot of protest votes from people who hate the neoliberal status quo
That wasn't really something *he* did, so much as he just kind of, stepped into an opportunity created by the nomination of Clinton, who was basically the poster girl for the neoliberal status quo
But he won in 2016 because of the failures of neoliberalism
Trump was a shit candidate and all
Belatedly
I'm in Wisconsin. We're probably headed towards a second lockdown, or at the very least, we *should be*, because we're now like the nation's #1 COVID hotspot or some shit because of idiots like my brother who can't be assed to wear a mask
https://twitter.com/Faux_Wren/status/1318740930405441538
Florida, for instance. Court just ordered the USPS to go round up mail-in votes stuck in mail centers
the real question is whether counting all the votes will save the Senate
they didn't stay in it and then vote for Biden
so he *did* alienate a fair chunk of Republicans but they just fucking left the party
*however*, the Republican rolls also shrank by 10%
registered Republicans did not really break rank this election
on never-Trump Republicans
OK so
There's your reminder that Bernie would've fucking smashed
https://twitter.com/nathanias/status/1324505208160923653
https://twitter.com/JenGriffinFNC/status/1326258800777682945
So we've got really bad news.
my brother thinks they're the only people telling the truth and now he is going absolutely bugfuck insane with conspiracy theories
god I fucking hate Project Veritas
Poland is on fire, got it
that meeting *could* have been Mitch McConnell saying he wanted off the coup ride but it probably wasn't
Pretty good chance that Haspel just got fired, given she was apparently an opponent of deploying the US military against civilians
https://twitter.com/haleytalbotnbc/status/1326278890915049481
and tensions are just going to get hotter
that's getting worse, not better
you know how we've had more than one occasion this year where we were just kind of within realistic distance of civil war?
At this point it's basically
Like this represents an incoming escalation of conflict and the incoming legitimization of political violence
His chances of succeeding are probably not that high, but he'll do plenty of damage on his way out regardless
Honestly? At this point *we* can't do anything to stop them
which is to say, they're preparing for a full-blown coup
Trump admin is already purging Department of Defense leaders and replacing them with Trump loyalists as it doubles down on insisting that actually Trump won the election
I mean, I don't even trust states to have a monopoly on the use of force
it's just, they are in no way sufficient on their own
I mean, that's also true, but guns help
That said, the whole "the government has tanks" argument lowkey makes me want to argue next that the public should therefore be allowed to own countermeasures to military hardware
like Jesus Christ we still have *literal slavery*, we just don't think of it as such because we don't consider someone locked up for 20 years for marijuana to be a *person*
and to capture people who can be forced to do slave labor, which was never actually abolished in the United States
the primary purpose of police isn't even to keep the peace so much as it is to enforce the power of the ruling class
Why do you think they have so many armed cops? It's not to deal with violent crime, it's to threaten *poors*
And yeah you're right that the government's power to do violence has expanded dramatically over the past century or so
I mean it doesn't if all the people who own guns are fucking bootlickers
Because it did happen once, even if it was deeply flawed.
The real hope is that revolution against the ruling class simply being a *realistic outcome* of the ruling class continuing to do what they do will get them to repair the social contract simply out of fear for their own skins
It's why I think poors and minorities and leftists and etc. should own guns, not just right-wingers
The *credible threat* of revolution is important to have, even if actually going through it would be... it would definitely be a case of things getting much worse before *possibly* getting better, and only *possibly*.
The New Deal, back in the early 20th century. FDR credits himself with *saving capitalism* by getting it passed. He basically went to the rest of the elites and said "Look, if we don't give up *something*, we're going to have a revolution."
There was, once, an example of something between revolution and reform, and it's about all I have hope for at the moment
Honestly
and again, do not want state to have monopoly on use of force
I'd also note, there *are* countries where gun ownership is widespread but gun violence isn't. But that involves, like, actually making sure people know how to use guns responsibly, and also dealing with the *root causes* of crime
if guns no longer existed anywhere on earth that'd be one thing
Does the complete banning of guns include for the police and military
also yeah as long as guns are around *poor people should have access to them*
I don't see why you'd need to nullify the second amendment if your plan wasn't to ban guns
Also I don't know if you know this but the United States has literally been within realistic distance of a civil war for a while now and there are no particular signs of that improving in the near future
Right now the role of the police could be *massively* scaled back, but actually getting rid of them entirely would require communities capable of defending themselves from violence
There always needs to be *someone* capable of responding to the occasional violent crime
*Also*, you can't have full police abolition without civilian gun ownership
well good because if you were in the UK I was going to have a mouthful for you but go off
are you in Australia or the UK
Also, Australia and the UK are not shining examples of democracy either tbh
Australia and the UK never had *more guns than people*
also we literally have more guns than people in this country Jesus Christ
But that's not going to happen as long as technology exists
or cops
Maybe if the military *also* didn't have guns
So the state can have a monopoly on the use of force? fuck no
The ruling class *cannot be shamed*, because by and large they're not capable of it. They can only be controlled through fear.
I would much sooner we have no ruling class at all, but that's not the situation we're in at the moment.
The one and only thing that has ever gotten a ruling class to behave? The threat of revolution. That's fucking it.
absolutely *nothing* but the threat of losing it all can ever keep a ruling class in check
it needs to have nightmares every night that it will get slaughtered by the people it exploits
the ruling class *has to live in fear*, for as long as a ruling class exists
Look, you don't understand
and breaking up the state monopoly on the use of force requires *the people* to have the tools to use force
Like, the reason military firearms are automatic is because over half of shots fired in military conflicts are actually cover fire
Fully automatic weapons, maybe, but their relative lethality compared to semi-automatic weapons is often overstated. Fully automatic weapons tend to be more for *cover fire*
and it's pointless to ban "assault weapons"
There's no such thing as an "assault weapon" though. "Assault-style" weapons are a meaningless concept
I mean, there are more important things tbh. Like part of the issue is that gun-grabbing *alienates the white working class*. Depoliticizing the gun issue would remove a critical influence pushing the white working class further to the right.
if guns were not a partisan issue, that'd cut off a huge source of right-wingers--a lot of people in the US come to right-wing politics through gun ownership and the Democrats embracing gun-grabbing
also, there's a problem in that guns are a *huge* cultural issue here
if you address the root causes of crime and violence, violence will go down even if guns continue to be available. It's just that nothing will ever *completely* eliminate violence, and at some point, there *is* a valid discussion to be had about the tradeoff between... liberty and security. But with the US being what it is, disarmament of the working class is a *terrible* idea.
I mean they're still better than the US, is the thing. The US's gun violence stems from a combination of guns being widely accessible *and also* us being a hellhole
He can't really pull off a military coup. That would require a whole bunch of things that he doesn't have.
Which *is* good news, because the courts are, like, the #1 way he could feasibly pull off a coup, and that's not working out for him
Courts smacking lawsuits down and even law firms pulling out and being unwilling to represent him
I don't know that it's him dropping the cases so much as they're getting dropped for him
like we presently have for foreclosures
this would clog the court system until a special court is set up to just rubber-stamp claims immediately when a debt company wants to garnish someone's wages
So the likely result would be that millions of people have even *more* difficulty participating in the economy and are also getting their wages garnished *anyway*
since courts can order that
and possibly wage garnishment as well
and most people can't pay for big things up front so it would result in permanent poverty
and defaulting on student loans would result in your credit score going to shit, which would basically mean you're not allowed to do anything where you can't present all the money *up front* and may even keep you from being able to rent
since we don't have living wages in this country, we instead have credit and permanent debt
that said, widespread defaulting on student loans is a thing that *could* be done but it would basically result in those hundreds of thousands, or millions, of students being shut out of our profoundly credit-based economy
repossession is when they hire someone to come take your stuff
economy go bye bye
assuming humanity exists in 500 years
Also I don't know how much it'll actually help but you can go to your settings thingie in the top-right and in the drop-down menu find the location setting and set it to Japan
or let it run in the background more like
https://youtu.be/LQp5trJVIJM
watch it here
I know that when I'm feeling *really, truly horrifically awful* not a lot distracts me well, but one of the few things that does is being with other people who are supportive. The what's being done isn't as important as being less alone.
Honestly, <@!201242768524312576> , it's... it's hard. And what works as a distraction is very different depending upon the person. I actually lost one of my dogs recently, myself. She was getting pretty old and her health was declining, especially sharply towards the end, and... asd;flkjafslkj.
Your brother was in Borat 2?
So cops are OK when they're hurting other people.
So I'm going to guess that's not an unusual thought process. That a lot of people just hate anyone exercising authority over *them*, but like it when violent authority is exercised over *other people*.
My brother is a right-winger. He says good things about cops in public but hates them in private. He just says they're necessary to keep *the commies* in check.
</rant>
Half the time they ultimately feel like a matter of me being more sensitive to the profoundly unhealthy conditions everyone has to live with and like even if I were to "get better" my reward would be to be as profoundly unhealthy as everyone else is instead
Hell I say this as someone with bad depression and anxiety myself. They run in my family, but life conditions *absolutely* affect how bad they get for me.
And therapists and psychiatrists are expected to diagnose and medicate away someone's sadness and fear at living in bad conditions that make normal people sad and afraid
Like, it's completely normal to be sad or afraid in response to a lot of stimuli, and if you live with these stimuli at all times, there is a Social Problem
The conditions we live under are pathological.
And if someone's life is an endless state of suffering, it is normal for them to be depressed or anxious about it
because there are a lot of things that it is *perfectly normal to be depressed or anxious about*, is the problem
you can't fix mental health without fixing the broken world that massively aggravates and sometimes creates these problems
we just need to accept that we're going to be suffering forever
everyone is overworked and underpaid and/or in debt up to their eyeballs and don't have family or friends and they're fucking lonely but we totally don't need to fix society or anything
or how about that thing where we live in a society where you're expected to just pack up and move to whatever location you can afford to live in and find work in regardless of where your friends or family live, where extended family networks were *already* undermined by decades of "nuclear family" normalization and atomization of the family unit *before* it started getting worse with people being torn apart by money and work and parents being expected to work a combined 80 hours a week, and fewer people belonging to *any* voluntary organization than were involved in even just bowling leagues a few decades ago, and etc., and everyone is just an alienated atomized dissociated consumer who exists to work and buy things and isn't part of a community and then we pay dudes with advanced degree wallpaper a bajillion dollars to go on TV and free-associate about why we have a depression epidemic. like "it's caused by inflammation from fast food, which totally isn't a thing people eat due to advertising and a lack of time and money"
We live in a world where therapists and psychiatrists are expected to, say, fix the anxiety of someone who's anxious because if they miss one shift they won't have enough money to pay rent and will be evicted
In no small part because we also have an epidemic of pushing *societal* problems downstream to individual mental health treatment. Like we've created a world that's depressing and anxiety-inducing to live in, and our leaders just go "that's fine we'll just medicate everyone until they can go back to work"
Anyway, defunding mental health services is bad in general, but it's not responsible for our gun violence problem
There are still ways for them to get one just because of how many guns there are, but increasing the inconvenience threshold can literally just inconvenience people out of doing a giant murder-suicide.
Strongly targeted gun control like targeting people who actually have done specific things associated with an increased risk of gun violence is probably one of the better options, though. Like making it harder for people with a history of committing domestic violence to own a gun.
Like yeah you're gonna have a lot less gun violence if it's significantly harder to obtain a gun, and that's one area where gun control advocates aren't actually wrong. It's just, we are *monstrously* swamped with guns to the point that any attempt to reduce the amount of them would be taking a toothbrush to a mountain of dirt.
A lot of those countries also don't have more guns than human beings
I mean I was arguing specifically that it's not a *mental health* problem
Now, I'm also not arguing that gun control would actually be effective, because most gun control propositions would be useless and also we have more guns than *people* and it would take an unimaginable amount of work to reduce the amount of guns enough to actually deal with our mass shooting problem.
Evil is not a mental illness
And also most people with mental health problems are not violent
It's an argument that's tainted by constantly being used in extreme bad faith, is the thing
Anyway tho, mental health is a common red herring. The big problem with "mental health" as an explanation is that it's usually trotted out solely as a deflection against gun control by people who also plan to defund mental health services and just want something they can say to argue against dealing with our mass shooting problem by making guns less ubiquitous.
another day, another bunch of kids getting shot, same shit different day
though I think that's started to wane as school shootings have just become a daily thing
shoot a bunch of kids with a commonly available firearm and a whole bunch of people will know your name soon
Also that
Consider also that there are far more mass shootings that can be directly connected to fascist ideology than to left-wing ideology. Like... god whatshisface? Anders Breivik? I don't think I'm spelling it right. But the guy in Europe who bought American guns and ammo and started murdering kids at a camp because he believed they were being indoctrinated by global elites to be servants of the NWO, and a lot more would've died if not for a couple of lesbians living nearby and their boat evacuating as many people as they could.
And, again, the armies of goons on the Internet who want to exploit young men's feelings of helplessness and inefficacy towards violent fascist ends.
Also violence still tends to be considered manly, and a lack of agency to be unmanly.
Yeah that too.
Frequently even by appealing to their feelings of powerlessness and suggesting that their manliness has been wrongfully taken away from them (examples: incels, neo-Nazis, other fascists, etc. There are women who are fascists, but fascists largely have very strong beliefs in gender roles and that it's specifically a *male* job to do violence while a woman's job is to make babies.)
There's still a significant gender-role expectation that men have power over themselves and their futures and their world in a way that isn't as expected of women, and also armies of people on the Internet specifically grooming young men towards violent ideologies.
Oh. Notice how it's *almost* exclusively men who engage in mass shootings. There are women who've done it but they're very rare.
Which isn't so much a "mental health" problem as it is a societal one.
I'm suggesting this may be related to an epidemic of bottled-up despair and hopelessness and powerlessness with nowhere to go except out the barrel of one of our country's ubiquitous guns.
Guns have power. Limited power, but killing people is exerting a *whole fuckload* of power over those people and the people who love them.
We have a culture where most people are relatively powerless and feel powerless.
Do you see where I'm going?
Suddenly, you have agency over those people's lives.
But like, guns have a lot of agency. If you have no agency in your life, you can still make a huge difference in other peoples' by killing a whole bunch of children, is the thing.
(and, of course, having no *agency* or any ability to meaningfully steer your future in a direction that isn't shit tends to translate to a feeling of having no Manliness)
like we live in an era of alienation, disempowerment, poverty swallowing up an ever-larger proportion of the population, young generations looking at a nonexistent future and wanting someone to blame for their hopelessness, etc., and lots of squishy targets boxed up in school buildings combined with the notion that killing people is Manly and if you have no Manliness you can claim it by doing a lot of murders
I'd argue it has more to do with *social* health
but that's something else
they're frequently "disturbed" in a not clinical sense
A great deal of shooters don't really have any known particular mental illness
I'm gonna argue with it being about mental health
I mean, yes, but the stock market is still a bunch of horseshit
The economy *already* died for the people worst off and now it's just a matter of distributing collapse upwards
Honestly I'm hoping the whole peasant raid on the stock market thing kills the stock market again, 1929-style
it will always lead us astray
Profit is a bad way to decide what's a good use of our resources or how to determine our priorities
Like things that are profitable simply don't coincide with what's good for the environment, or, half the time, for us
Our economy has to be replaced in order to fix that fundamental problem without just *crashing*
Like our economy *cannot exist* without waste
Our entire economy is based on hyperconsumption and waste and trying to change that without changing the *basis* of the economy will simply cause collapse
Like the profit motive as we know it is inherently destructive
and disincentivizes recycling until resources are so horribly depleted that difficult recycling processes are less expensive than going after scarcer and scarcer resources
Capitalism specifically incentivizes forms of waste like technology that's designed to fail and then be unable to be repaired and have to be thrown out and replaced instead, which is *really fucking bad* for the environment
Yes, exactly
We specifically have to have an economic system where *consuming less* is viable and doesn't cause everything to crash
Yeah, that's the issue. Capitalism incentivizes infinite growth and infinite consumption, which means infinite destruction of resources and infinite waste
Oh humanity won't go *entirely* extinct. Worst-case scenario we'll just have billions of people dying horribly while a handful of rich people and their chosen slaves party in the middle of the graveyard
Humanity has collapsed a shitload of times but the fall is going to be a lot worse next time because we are more dependent upon technology and an interconnected web of resources and production than ever before
at least, as long as the stagnation is reached on something humane
hot take: stagnation is better than collapse
bam, no more class whose income indefinitely scales with assets as opposed to labor
it should literally be illegal to privately own a business, as opposed to all businesses automatically being owned by the people who work in them
here's a crazy idea
The existence of elites is bad cmv
Ergo, the only political system that can avoid the kind of decay we see with capitalism now is a political system where there is no ruling class
*Individuals* that don't become corrupt are the exception to the rule and not the norm
any ruling class will automatically become corrupt by virtue of being a ruling class
and that's that there's no such thing as an un-corrupt ruling class
I'm gonna say something that's controversial but shouldn't be
for real tho
Because elites being elites *at all* allows them to gradually weaken constraints on their power
I'm doomsaying a bit but like, that's how it works. That's why the New Deal got us several decades of a functioning, non-late-stage capitalism system, but things still ultimately progressed towards Gilded Age 2 Electric Boogaloo
The problem is that it's almost impossible to completely prevent money from influencing politics. There are ways to reduce it, but the very existence of people who have enough resources to exert control over society means they can manipulate society in their favor, which leads to the destruction of safety rails meant to keep elites under control.
(or, more to the point, his actions *starting to be uncovered* was such an existential threat)
Like, his actions were an existential threat to the safety of the ruling class
There's a reason Epstein got away with his shit for *decades* before he finally got caught, and he only got targeted because what he did was so egregious that it could actually shock the peasants out of their complacency
Like the US is basically a place where crimes are legal if you're rich
Our economy is now so lopsided that rich people don't generally have to face consequences for crimes they commit
The nature of a ruling class is that it can basically just do whatever the fuck it wants and make consequences go away
Crimes aren't crimes if they aren't punished
Like, those rules will eventually simply be repealed after enough rich people pay the bribes
The problem is that a ruling class *existing at all* means it can manipulate those rules in its favor or have them removed over time
like that's how basic material incentives work
People with more money have more ability to manipulate the political process (because money is inherently a form of power and social control), and it is specifically in their best interest that they be allowed to accumulate more wealth, meaning they have a specific incentive to push for removing the safety rails from the economy to get richer, which leads to a vicious cycle
also, I will note, any system that allows indefinite scaling of income from wealth will eventually start to slide towards full-blown Gilded Age bullshit by the nature of its incentives
that is *what makes capitalism capitalism*
you can't have capitalism where earnings are based on your work, because that's not what capitalism is. Capitalism is about the scaling of income from assets, i.e., unearned wealth
ownership goes to people who already own things
it's right there in the name
Yeah but like, MBA failsons of old money families running shit *is what capitalism is*
peasants not allowed
of course they are, they locked the peasants out of the market
But yeah there's a simple, concrete, material definition of what the ruling class is that jettisons any obfuscation
You *cannot* work a thousand times as hard as someone else, or even a hundred. It is hard to imagine working *ten* times as hard, and even working *twice* as hard will eventually kill you.
Ownership can scale indefinitely. It's possible to own twice, ten, a hundred, a thousand times as much as someone else and claim the surplus value of all of those ownings.
Oh that's easy, the ruling class is everyone whose income scales primarily with what they *own* rather than what they *do* tbh
Too bad there's no farmland on that asteroid tho
and just leave them there
let's send the entire ruling class to Mars
actually you know what
it's that bad
our economy would just *collapse*
if people did not buy shit they didn't need
like seriously
Because fixing the planet we're on would be *vastly* easier and we *still* can't muster the political will to do it because doing so would collapse the economy because our economy can't survive people just not consuming excess shit
Honestly that's pie-in-the-sky shit until we fix the planet we're on
good luck landing on Venus it fucking rains metal there
which isn't really a hopeful thing
Escaping to other balls of rock won't save us tbh because even the next-most-hospitable one, Mars, is so *profoundly* inhospitable that even an Earth ravaged by the worst ecological collapse imaginable would *still* be easier to terraform than Mars
We have a much larger population that will have a lot more trouble surviving on the limited amount of arable land that will be left.
Correction: *some* of them did. A much smaller population did.
sure let's let billions of people suffer and die that's just human nature
and I mean, you could argue that, but it's not terribly useful
What you're proposing is nothing short of humanity being unworthy of salvation p. much
hOoMaN nAtUrE
Like the *species* will technically survive but the suffering and death will be on the scale of billions
Correction: *some* people lived through it *and a whole shitload died*
Like the "counterbalance" you're talking about is existential threats to the existence of the ruling class
the only thing that counterbalances a *corrupt ruling class* (and all ruling classes automatically become corrupt) is torches and pitchforks
I'm gonna be blunt tho
It is *much* easier to work people up into a froth against a constructed enemy if they're afraid for their futures already.
We have very much the same thing today, where members of the ruling class try to deflect blame from themselves by blaming *cultural* or ethnic groups for economic collapse (MEXICANS TOOK YAR JAERBZ) as opposed to their own greed.
Like Hitler specifically blamed Jews for the economic plight of the German people, and all that
Oh it can't but he wouldn't have had the opportunity if Germany had been economically stable.
And I'd also argue that the reason Hitler was able to come to power was due to the horrific collapse of material conditions in Germany after WW1
Material interests were not absent, however. Like, looting was Germany's economy during WWII.
OK yeah that's actually a good contemporary example, in that ideology did play a big role in that.
and food
I mean, historically, a lot of wars really *were* about things like arable land and material goods
And it might sound *ridiculous* that fruit would play such an important role in our foreign policy but like, it really is all about money. Wars have *always* been far more about material interests like money than they have been about any non-material interest.
(if you've ever wondered where the turn of phrase "banana republic" comes from it's related to this)
and supermarket prices would go up
If they have stable and effective governments that are able to protect the interests of their workers and support unionization efforts and etc., we would not be able to buy fruit as cheaply
It's because they produce a lot of our fruit
Like do you know why we like to keep Central America's governments unstable?
(you can still save a lot by removing an ownership class skimming off the top for money to put in their bank accounts, but still, workers' interests being protected is more expensive than making dying slaves do the work)
Meaning that under governments that protect their workers' interests, other countries are likely to have to pay more for exports
Like better safety and pay standards for workers will mean that the price of whatever those workers are doing goes up
this isn't really about Musk shitposting, this is about materialism
I mean given the cost of lithium tanked right after Evo was removed I'd say so
democratically elected socialist or communist government gets coup'd and replaced with a dictator who'll play ball with us and then we call this a victory for democracy
CIA gives a bunch of weapons to the country's internal opposition and sponsors a coup
Socialists and communists get democratically elected in a little country whose resources we want and raise the standards of living and safety for their workers, meaning we have to pay them well for those resources
like that's a lot of what was going on in the Cold War
sponsoring coups in smaller countries with resources that won't sell them to us at the price we want is standard US foreign policy
But like seriously
Also yes we actually need to develop recycling techniques to reclaim the materials from solar panels instead of dumping them in landfills, *even if it isn't profitable to recycle them*
MAS enforced basic standards of safety and living for lithium miners, which meant that it's more expensive to mine lithium there, which meant elites couldn't get the cheap lithium they wanted
And elites liked it because it tanked lithium prices
I mean, yes, Bolivia eventually did managed to right itself, but what happened prior to that *was still a coup*
Lithium actually does play a big role in replacing fossil fuel is the thing tho
there was already a coup in Bolivia
maybe if we can get lithium from the asteroid belt we wouldn't need to sponsor coups in Bolivia for it
and I'd like to see it for rare earths like lithium which are a major constraint on batteries for green energy here
Honestly that'd be fantastic
Yes it is and that would still take years *in travel time alone*
We're not going to be mining the Oort Cloud anytime soon. It would take so many years to get mining equipment there and a payload back that we'd all be old and grey.
I look forward to when the elites reinvent indentured servitude for expeditions to Mars to escape the horrific political violence that will soon enough consume the Earth in hellfire so that I too can go to Mars and be a slave for seven years just like my ancestors traveling to the New World
Like France literally demands Haiti pay them for their ancestors freeing themselves
what's not based is the way France still does shit like holding Haiti to a bullshit debt from hundreds of years ago because they claim that Haiti stole from them by killing the slavemasters and freeing themselves from slavery
that shit, that shit was based
I won't lie, I appreciate the willingness of the French to riot. Like, really *riot*. Like, *set fire to the Central Bank* when the politicians try to make it illegal to film police riot.
don't go reminding me about my complicated feelings about the French
"fuck poors, get money"
I mean there's not a lot to think about with neoliberalism, it's pretty straightforward
there's always tech school, which is a couple years of your life, a lot cheaper, and generally more directly applicable to a field that's probably actually hiring and will probably actually make you a middle-class income
Sure. I'm not here to say "this specific work that you like is shit" so much as like. The *runaway popularity* of a theme of escape from our hellworld into one that's slightly less of a hellworld is deeply concerning and also sucks
(Katarina was actually decent for instance)
And I'll grant that there probably are isekai that actually do something with the trope that couldn't be done as well without it
So yeah isekai isn't completely *new* but the fad is
Yeah, but back then it wasn't quite the full-blown fad it is today. Like it was a bit of a curiosity, and frequently had a purpose that wasn't just "let's milk some money out of depressed shut-ins"
I mean sure we already knew that Japan is the cyberpunk dystopia of tomorrow, today, except without even having the cool robot body parts and other hyper-advanced technology, but like. yeah
but yeah isekai isn't even the disease it's just a warning sign of the apocalypse and all that
that it's done so well is an extremely bad sign
like it's there specifically to pander to people who don't want to live in this world anymore, which is, honestly, *understandable*
the escapism just gets more and more blatant and base
but I don't know that it will because it reads like a reflection of... yeah that, that thing. it's a symptom of our society being rotten
isekai is a fad that really needs to just. run its course already
like that whole step is just skippable
like most isekai is fantasy, not sci-fi, and we already kind of presume that fantasy worlds are magical places and probably not Earth
you're making the assumption that there has to be an "old world" to begin with
like sure I'm pissing on it a bit but like, at the same time, I *understand* why it's so popular, especially in a world with suicide rates like these and a whole lot of people wanting to think there's something better after death
(but that last part is why it took off. because our world is a dying hellscape and everyone knows it)
yeah but in this case the simplest would be like. we could just have a fantasy story that *doesn't* have the additional plot thread of the protagonist having been isekai'd and totally living out their dreams of escaping from the nightmare hellworld that is 21st-century Earth
and could possibly be read as a symptom of society no longer being worth living in and everyone wanting to escape from it
belatedly isekai just seems like a should-be-niche theme that exploded because it's the most base kind of pandering
_scrolls up_
One of the things that really sticks out about HP when you think about it too much is just how much wizards have been held back by their own self-limitations and failure to engage with the world outside of their stagnant playpen
Really the thing about HP is that in a lot of ways the magic is just not all that fantastical because there are things it can do that haven't been sorted out technologically yet, but I don't know that wizards have anything on the level of landing on the moon (on the good side of innovations) or nuclear weapons (on the bad side of innovations)
between a muggle with a gun who knows how to use it and a wizard who's perfectly capable of casting *adava kedavra* the muggle will win
just "a gun" is generally sufficient for its purpose and will beat a wand
you don't *need* a gunwand
belatedly
(though, the decision to *make* goods that are far more environmentally damaging than they need to be *also* rests with corporations, granted)
...and here I was just seriously thinking about this https://youtu.be/QrM1DDf_S0A
nurses have to pull absurd shifts because there aren't enough nurses which leads to burnout and quitting and also discourages people from entering which leads to even *less* enough nurses and etc.
yeah it becomes a vicious cycle
if we *massively increased* the amount of nurses we have, they'd be able to have sane work weeks
Nurses do 12 hour shifts because there aren't enough nurses tbh
Like Cuba is one of the few countries with *so many* doctors that they can actually get around US embargoes on trade by hiring doctors out to other countries that don't have enough doctors
Because they decided that one of the best uses for their limited resources was medicine and they committed to it
I think like a fifth of all workers or some shit
A fucking *enormous* chunk of their economy is in medicine
I know this is going to be a very Controversial position but I think *Cuba* is the big global leader here
Yeah. Also medicine in general.
with as much automation as we can get going for industry and etc.
basically, "elder care" needs to become one of our big growth sectors
because they are caring for increasingly long-lived old people with a longer period of that part of their life where they need to be cared for
and these sectors aren't industrial or really subject to "productivity"
Thing about productivity though is that there *are* sectors that will desperately need more workers and soon
yeah
which would actually give them *time to live and raise their children*
So a family with a couple or three kids *should*, in an economy that's actually working right, be able to live comfortably with two parents each working 20 hours a week, or one parent working 40 hours a week
It's literally just starting from the old 40 hours per week standard and then adjusting for the fact that standard was created when the expectation was that women didn't sell their labor, and now women do normally sell their labor the same way men do
"Full time" work these days should be 20 hours a week and I can defend this position
Hot take time
_scrolls up_
As in, actually take over their workplace and not give any of the money produced by their labor to the owner or shareholders or etc.
if you're a member of the property-owning class and your workers seize their workplace and shut you out of the money, the cops will be *right the fuck there* to arrest them
Like if you're some schmoe and someone steals your car or something, the cops are gonna be like "well we'll take a report but we can't promise anything sorry"
A significant chunk of the purpose of modern policing is as a standing army occupying the working class that can protect the property-owning class's property from people who don't own property
it's because they have overlapping roles, just, one is foreign and one is domestic
that said as for why I got soldiers involved in this
yyyyyep
I'll accept that
Fair point
Or, well, not even that had to happen, but that actually had to be fought
Wars that had to happen exist but are not the norm
WW2 was one of the oddball cases where the war was actually necessary, save that it probably could've been avoided through better reconstruction of Germany after WW1
yeah, military
like that was what was going on in the Iraq War. It wasn't solely about oil, but it was overwhelmingly about money.
and to create opportunities for our companies to score lucrative defense and "rebuilding" contracts and etc. so that wealth can be transferred easily from the public coffers to private bank accounts
Like we don't send soldiers overseas to "protect our freedoms," or to protect anyone else's freedoms, for that matter. We send soldiers overseas to do things like remove democratically elected left-wing leaders who want to nationalize their country's resources and not allow them to be owned by companies from the US or allied countries and install dictators who will sell us what we want at prices we like
OK so it might vary in your country but I'm from the United States. The primary purpose of our soldiers is to enforce capitalism and capitalist hegemony through violence, and in the same vein, to ensure that resources can be extracted from poor countries at prices we like
Everything else is effectively secondary
You joke but that is literally their primary job yes
and poors from expropriating the stolen wealth of the ruling classes
there'd be no giant mass of dudes with guns that can prevent workers from seizing their workplaces
if we didn't have police, and we didn't have soldiers
yes but hear me out
No because we actually need teachers
if they don't like it they should just retire from the pig force problem solved
it's like the UK actively wants to be in hell
and then fuck England
yeah the Scots really need to get out of the dumpster fire that is the UK and rejoin the EU on their own tbh
starting to think the UK can't be saved and that we should start a program to get all the half-decent people out as refugees before letting it sink into the ocean where it belongs
(ymmv by country, but the United States *literally* never actually abolished slavery. the 13th Amendment, which *supposedly* abolished slavery, had a loophole deliberately written into it that allows for slavery as long as someone is convicted by a court first)
cops don't do *anything* about this except warehouse the people who commit crimes to survive, where they can be legally enslaved
and we're in a crisis where legal jobs frequently do not pay you enough to not be homeless
A great deal of crimes happen not because people are Villains but because people have bills to pay and if legal jobs don't pay you enough to not be homeless, it is now in your best interest to resort to illegal means to get money to pay your rent and groceries and shit
Hot take but
But seriously
We wouldn't have survival crimes if people didn't have to commit crimes to survive, etc.
Like we wouldn't have gangs if people didn't need to join gangs in order to survive and eat
And an *absurd amount* of what they do is basically containing people who participate in the alternative low-income economy or otherwise have been abandoned by "legitimate" society and most of what they do wouldn't even be a thing if we weren't shit at dealing with the *root causes* of quote-unquote crime (also the simping for the ruling class and etc.)
Like ~1/20th of what police do is actually responding to serious crimes that need someone with a weapon to respond to them
Also, soldiers and police are less essential than teachers tbh
someone living on their own who doesn't have a whole-ass family to support *should* be able to comfortably afford a one-bedroom apartment and their other living expenses on 20 hours a week tbh
also another hot take
also we have a huge student loans problem. if we want more workers in a given sector, you'd think it would make sense to just make sure no one entering that sector has to pay a dime for their education, but I digress
Teaching is hard to do flexibly, yeah, and probably one of those jobs where it would make sense to have a double-time workweek that pays enough to support an entire family on only that one income (which would require teachers being paid more)
And there are a lot of places where this can be done in ways that will be slightly annoying to some people at first but the real damage would be to keeping money changing hands rather than to people's daily experiences, like eliminating planned obsolescence and artificial irrepairability
Yeah. Basically we're entering an era where a lot of us are going to have to accept *some* degree of impositions on our extremely energy-sucking lifestyles in order for us to still have anything resembling a modern lifestyle forty years from now
in exchange for there being a world where I can still occasionally have a hamburger when I'm 80
I would still be completely willing to accept a ration on beef and other greenhouse gas-producing meat farming
it is my favorite meat by far
Another example: I *love* beef
a lot of this shit does nothing to make us happier tbh
basically, Waste
Also that thing where "innovation" these days is as often as not 80 brands of deodorant and etc.
am I making sense
in exchange for a world still existing in which I'm able to play games on energy-efficient modest hardware when I'm 80
like my main hobby is "vidya games" and I would be *completely* comfortable with vidya technology progressing not a whole lot for the rest of my lifetime
and also I'm ngl there are areas where I'd be comfortable with technology progressing more slowly in exchange for sustainability
basically what I'm getting at is that we have a lot of *actual waste*
(maybe needing to replace the battery once or twice)
there's no reason that people should have to buy a new smartphone every couple of years. like, there is not much of a reason that a smartphone you buy today shouldn't last you like a fucking *decade*
console life cycles are longer because graphics are just not improving as fast as they used to
Like right now a $500 budget computer will play virtually all of the same games that a $2000 top-of-the-line rig will, just at a lower framerate/resolution
Modern technology actually moves *less* fast now than it did like, say, ten years ago
They *love* that once the crypto boom becomes the crypto bust, that these cards will end up in landfills rather than cut into their profits by getting resold on the second-hand market.
A more precise modern example would be NVidia just now releasing a new line of cryptomining-oriented GPUs. This is basically them committing to manufacturing e-waste.
Like one example is wasteful electronics business practices, like a lot of electronics being designed specifically so that they can't be repaired and need to be replaced after a few years instead of lasting you a couple decades
No, no, no, you don't understand me. I'm saying there's a lot of stuff that not only is it not, like, a *basic* need, but it also doesn't make us any happier or could be done in a better way
like in order to prevent a climate catastrophe at this point we'd have to massively curtail destructive economic activities. We could do a lot of this by literally just cutting out wasteful bullshit like designing things to fail after warranty and then be unable to be repaired, but this would result in money circulating less
one of those being that we're so dependent upon China that we can't refuse to benefit from slavery there, and another one being that we're so dependent upon *overproduction and waste* and the economy would just grind to a halt and money would stop circulating if we weren't making things people didn't need so people would buy things they don't need and this process producing greenhouse gases and toxic waste and etc.
Honestly we need a radical economic reorganization across our entire society--*every* society--for *several reasons*
like for fucking real
cops thus become, effectively, modern slave-catchers
meaning the government is *obligated* to find people to arrest, convict, and imprison, or else it's in breach of contract
it's routine for governments in the US to have contracts with private prisons where the government is *required by contract* to provide a certain amount of prisoners for the private prison to profit from
also an example
this is, literally, slavery. we just don't think of it as such because we don't consider prisoners to be humans.
prisoners can be forced to do labor for no or virtually no compensation (and in the latter case are frequently charged for basic needs, so they're still not getting anything)
and a modern comparison would be how we still have, like, *literal* slavery in the United States, we just don't call it that
one example of that violence being literal chattel slavery
and the police actively aid and abet that violence
when Property Interests are at odds with protecting people from violence, the police side with the property interests against the people those property interests are doing violence to
but seriously I feel like the slave-catcher thing is a useful example of what the *basic priority* of policing is
Yeah. And there *are* situations where it makes sense to contact the police, because while they can be lax about responding, there is an extent to which "keeping the peace" is *one* of their jobs, just a lower priority and also it's frequently illegal to take care of things on your own instead of contacting the police
(like fuck Britain and fuck France for instance)
not that Europe is innocent either
the US is like, the global 800-pound-gorilla of capitalist hegemony and violence
I'm speaking from a very USian perspective
probably yeah
and return them to slavery
modern policing is literally descended from the systems and institutions used to seize human beings fleeing chattel slavery
on the left is a slave patrol badge
On the right is a modern police badge
https://miro.medium.com/max/3000/1*1Ys0ng_ttMHCH9YnmEmjxg@2x.jpeg
here's an image for you btw
basically crimes against *revenue-generating property like businesses and workplaces* is generally a higher priority for police than crimes like some non-property-owner's possessions being stolen or violence happening (unless it's something that'll make the local news like a school shooting)
that was just an example tho
namely, that coal and oil and etc. are *already* making the planet uninhabitable
I think you missed the joke Loris
like yeah I think we *don't have a choice* except to start building more nuclear plants, but the people who worry that we just cannot trust authorities to maintain them properly absolutely have ground to stand on
Nuclear is safe if the proper investments are made into keeping it safe. The problem is that the moment you look away some bureaucratic fuckwit is going to decide that safety is an "inefficient use of resources" or some shit
Yeah. So basically the biggest argument against nuclear, which is sadly entirely credible, is that governments can't be trusted to actually prioritize safety as highly as nuclear requires.
not a worst-case disaster
Its safety precautions were designed around an "average disaster"
also, Fukushima had insufficient safety precautions
Oh there are a lot of good reasons to distrust nuclear. It's just that all of those good reasons were entirely preventable if someone wasn't cutting corners on safety.
and by "stop being a pandemic" I mean it becomes an Occasional Thing that goes around periodically but most of the population has some level of resistance to it that prevents it from ever returning to pandemic levels
OK so, there's not a lot of reason to think that the *pandemic* will continue indefinitely. Like, COVID-19 will never be *eradicated*, but it *will* stop being a pandemic at some point
I mean I publicly support nuclear
In what sense, Shemmy? In the sense that we're going to collapse in a very short timeframe, or in the sense that this pandemic will continue for decades?
Also, yeah, nuclear power would help a lot
Like the entire economy needs to be rebuilt around meeting human needs rather than private profits
The profit-based economy has to end
Yeah
it's just, this would result in economic fallout without *extreme* economic restructuring
Also, seriously, we need rationing. We really do. This would allow most of us to continue having certain modern conveniences and niceties like the occasional plane flight or steak while preventing the wealthy and corporations from abusing the shit out of them
all because our corporate overlords couldn't bear the thought of losing some of their wealth, and Karens couldn't accept accepting *some* lifestyle changes now, in order for there to be anything resembling a modern lifestyle tomorrow
we're going to be back in the stone age in a few decades
so basically
(smart cryptominers undervolt their cards, so this doesn't stress the cards as much as one might think and it's not at all unusual for them to still have a lot of life left in them)
and NVidia lost a lot of revenue to that
they dropped the 2000 series and the reviews all said "this is a really meh generation, just buy a used GTX 1080 or 1080 Ti from a former miner off eBay"
NVidia got fucked by the last crypto bust
yeah but *also*
It will eventually become One of Those Diseases
The pandemic will end. "COVID-19" and "the pandemic" aren't one and the same.
(also we should all be getting our flu vaccines because the flu actually does kill a lot of people every year)
and like, it will. we'll never eradicate it, but the "pandemic" phase will end and it'll go into endgame at some point. and "endgame" here is basically where it does what the flu did and goes from being a pandemic to being a thing that Goes Around Sometimes and kills like a few dozen thousand people a year and your doctor tries to get you to get this year's vaccine so you don't get it or pass it on to some vulnerable person
Not to change the subject, but earlier COVID-19 and whether the pandemic would ever end was brought up
sticking it in deserts won't have no environmental impact but it will be the least bad of places to put it and there will be plenty of desert
also, the climate change that's *already* basically locked in will ensure plenty of desert space where we can stuff nuclear waste
you can put all the GPU farms you want in Iceland and it'll have minimal environmental impact
like every academic project and etc. that needs a shitload of GPUs hashing something out should have a site in Iceland
crazy thought tho: all hashing operations and such should be based in Iceland or other places with geothermal energy and free ambient cooling
yes I know I don't intend on continuing this tangent further
Geothermal is only viable in specific locations
because I run green factories that don't stink up their homes
like I can just pop over for a tea and crumpet with my biter neighbors we're cool
and makes your alien neighbors happy
radically reduces the amount of space you need to cover with solar panels and/or the amount of waste produced by your steam generators
also everyone should do what I do and slot efficiency modules in all of their Factorio machines
our fates are determined by thieves, thugs, and vermin
I mean, companies are basically criminal organizations and so are governments too so
windmills work fine in cold weather if you winterize them
well yes, because Texas didn't winterize
like everyone shouting that WINDMILLS DID THIS really ought to be getting sued into the ground for libel, like jesus h. christ
also we can *definitely* blame the people using this as an opportunity to post libel against green energy
oh it's easy, we can blame the idiots who decided that separating Texas's power grid from the rest of the US so that they could dodge regulation was a good idea, and the people who refused to winterize it
so, profoundly evil
it is either *that* or he considered the genocide of old farts a bonus
that is the level of stupid we are talking
we're not just talking "slightly daft" we're talking "he is a potato with a big loud mouth and absolutely nothing between his ears"
if he didn't expect housing COVID patients in nursing homes to end with a shitload of nursing home residents in bodybags, he is *amazingly* stupid
no, no, no, I'm not done with Cuomo yet
because either he's *incredibly fucking stupid* or he intended to genocide NY's decrepit population. *both* of these could be true, but at least one has to be
like seriously did he *intend* to genocide NY's decrepit population
like yeah let's fucking house COVID patients in nursing homes where they can reduce our population of unproductive old dying people
New York's failures weren't just on Trump, they were also on that stupid dickhead Cuomo
We flunked the study guide leading up to the big climate change final
I understand not just the fear that it will last much longer, but also the *hope* that it would last a lot longer. Because, like, we needed to fucking learn how to deal with existential crises from this virus. It was basically a *practice run* for dealing with this shit. And we just didn't fucking learn.
honestly
also natural immunity is a thing where COVID-19 is concerned. It *can* mutate and reinfect, but this seems to happen at a rate that suggests that this will be stuff that matters to its endgame phase and not that makes the pandemic phase last forever and ever
yep
and between the vaccines and a *lot* of people already having natural resistance simply because they've encountered it, it may enter the endgame phase a lot sooner than we've been projecting
I have heard some *defensible* optimistic projections about COVID recently. Like, some back-of-napkin math suggests that it's pretty likely that over half of immune systems in the US have already encountered COVID-19 and developed an immune response to it, and *then* we got 15% of the country vaccinated, and a shitload more people are getting vaccinated in the next few months
is it 5% of the planet surviving and living in stone age conditions good
no solution to our problems isn't controversial. some unpopular solution will have to happen, or the unpopular outcome of like 95% of the population dying and tiny pockets of survivors living in stone age conditions and crudely shoving seeds in the ground hoping they'll grow will happen
but honestly, growing food in greenhouses isn't even the worst-case future, it's a successful adaptation. the worst-case future is a few pockets of stone-age humans on the few plots of arable land remaining
tfw the jobs of the future will be in your local hydroponics greenhouse
it's just, again, what's it going to take to allocate the kind of resources we'll need to potentially feed a few billion people that way
honestly it sounds like one of the better ways to prepare for the coming reduction in arable land
etc.
urban greenhouses in dead big-box store buildings
so now I'm totally picturing a massively desertified, climate-destabilized future where food gets grown in greenhouses. Like desert greenhouses powered by solar and shit.
they are the indoor-farm capital of the world I think
the Netherlands is all about hydroponics tho. like that's how they produce so much food
(that, and the thing where they'll still require power for things like lighting, irrigation, and climate control)
seriously if the fucking *Netherlands* can be the world's #2 exporter of food I feel like it *is* entirely possible to deal with a collapse of arable land by expanding hydroponics. it's just, how *quickly* can we expand hydroponics to replace lost arable land
which might sound ridiculous, but the fucking *Netherlands* is the #2 exporter of food in the world
also now I'm imagining dealing with desertification and breadbasket failure through massive expansion of hydroponics
because that seems like a potential way to manage nuclear overproduction in a pinch
is it safe to just. route excess electricity right into the ground if the immediate problem is that consumption isn't keeping up with output to the point that there might be an overload
128PB always-on porn RAMdisk
tfw we've reached the point where we'd be better off if a collapse came *sooner* so that present power structures that refuse to take climate change seriously end sooner and whatever comes after that earlier collapse will still even have pieces to pick up
just strap a politician under the hood of your car and you're good to go
we should use hot air power more. then we'd have a use for our bloviating excuses for "leaders"
nuclear is technically not renewable but it would be difficult to use up the earth's nuclear fuel resources before shit like the sun expanding and consuming the earth in hell fire
which means, inherently unsustainable
gas is a fossil fuel
(nuclear)
and it's probably just a really bad idea to use solar north of the Arctic Circle, where the night can last multiple months
the big problem with making wind and solar primary power sources is that they require a robust power *storage* system to get through periods of no power generation
weather, the rotation of the earth, the axial tilt of the earth
Yeah. The sun doesn't go anywhere but there's still plenty of shit that can reduce its efficacy as a power source
warm
he looks like a bucket of piss
people like that are an existential threat and need to be treated like it tbh
does he like, literally believe that God just pisses oil into the ground for us to use or some shit
I was half-joking but something something sacrifices must be made
switch nascar to electric cars ðŸ˜„
legit
only slightly
I hate her *slightly* less for just maintaining ties with family and a fiance who are pedos
Oh, here I thought *she personally* had been doing this shit
as a trans woman I kind of want to put her in a burlap sack and drown her in a river so she cannot continue making us look even worse
oh was Noi defending the trans ban
Wait, what'd I miss?
because it isn't
But honestly I would have been fucked without the Internet, so I don't really like to take the Internet as responsible for everything bad
and bad ideas, bad norms, bad *everything else*
it's bad parts of people who might otherwise have been good
Honestly it isn't even just "bad people"
also echo chambers and how the Internet makes it easy to be around a group of people curated for the specific purpose of encouraging and supporting you in being shit to other people
Granted, part of that is probably also that online communications tend to *persist* and often be visible to others in a way that talking shit about someone in private offline doesn't and isn't
Like how people will say shit about you online that they'd never say to your face in person
so it's easier to act like you're abusing a *thing* and not a *person*
It's not just anonymity, it's being distant enough from whoever you're mistreating that it lets the part of your brain that would ordinarily perceive a *human being* turn off
like if you're trans
Or if you're some kind of minority that randomly occurs as opposed to being a consistent genetic lineage
but the flip side is that its ability to break norms is also super-important because RL has a lot of bad norms too
and like, we're talking about how the Internet enables norm-breaking and bad norms in like. a bad way
yeah
so the Texas thing
_scrolls up_
The question right now is whether the courts would allow it, and there's no way to know. Courts in Texas are going to swing heavily conservative. I'd say any conservative judge with re-election campaigns to worry about is likely to uphold it. Those who don't may rule on more conventional judicial philosophy and may decide that like if there was an actual law that'd be one thing but that doing this entirely on an AG interpretation of law is too big a stretch
it would be enforced by charging parents with child abuse, taking away the kids, and forcing them to detransition
it absolutely *could* be enforced
and paralyzes Keith
Wait who's your Best Boy? Piano boy or Irresistable to Man and Woman boy or... whatshisface, Keith?
...eh maybe that meme isn't the kind of thing that would go over so well here
there, Citrus shitpost complete
Did somebody say Citrus? brb I have something for the shitpost channel
Pondering whether to go ahead and invoke that free trial now or keep chipping away at my Crunchyroll watchlist
I've got a bunch of different ones left on my to-watch list and I haven't invoked my VRV free trial to watch Bloom Into You or the other stuff on HIDIVE yet
So my nephew's away tonight and I should probably use the opportunity to watch anime
How gay is it actually going to be?
Also I'm starting Revue Starlight now and what the *shit* is going on this is *trippy*
||Yes I want Bakarina and the heroine to end up together but the voice of pessimism in the back of my head that knows I can't have nice things is telling me not to take the series's bisexuality to mean that outcome is likely||
||More like, I'm starting to actively hope that Catalina and Maria end up together and I know that's a recipe for heartbreak||
OK it's time for me to put off *My Next Life as a Villainess*
...some of those I've heard less than good things about, and others, I don't know how gay they actually are
Battle Girls Time Paradox, Cross Ange, Blue Drop, From the New World, The Girl in Twilight, Kampfer, Shin Koihime Muso, Destiny Shrine Maiden
let's see
also there are a whole bunch of others that showed up in HIDIVE's LGBT listings that I'm morbidly curious about
(Hidive seems to have a more complicated selection than Crunchyroll)
When it comes to Revue Starlight and Bloom Into You, should I watch the subs or dubs, and should I watch the broadcast or home release versions?
I started my VRV trial
OK, so
(Nanoha, for instance)
A fair few shows I've heard recommended are On Nothing
Yeah Simoun is also on Fucking Nothing
OK, so
Yes
yeah not gonna bother watching it then unless someone comes back and says there's Text when the next season drops
I've heard very good things about Magia Record but on the yuri front I'm not sure I want to actually start watching it until a) I've actually seen Rebellion which Isn't On Anything and b) the next season is out and others have reported back on whether the yuri goes anywhere
?
Yuru Yuri is on my list
and I do feel like it had some yuritease in it and Kanata is probably at least a little gay, but still
yeah that was a good match
Zeria recommended it and I watched it and felt a little like I wasted my time
so you watched that show too
are we talking at least more yuri than Harukana Receive
are we talking like, subtext or text
How yuri
and I can't actually tell which of these if any are yuri, or which are worth watching
and Ms. Vampire Who Lives In My Neighborhood, and MYSTERIA Friends, and Asteroid In Love, and Are You Lost
and Sweet Blue Flowers
and... Inugami-san to Nekoyama-san?
...OK I'm slightly offended that it recommended that Keijo anime
there's that, and also Love To-Lie-Angle
VRV is making me recommendations and I don't know how seriously to take some of them
...OK wtf is this Netsuzou Trap thing?
or vore, for that matter
OK I said I liked *gore* not *guro*
what about if we like gore
(though one of those, Cutie Honey Universe, I have seen recommended. And I'd totally be willing to give it a shot despite the Extreme Fanservice Warnings if it's actually text)
Seriously tho, is there anyone around here familiar with the ins and outs of HIDIVE's LGBT selection? Because I'm seeing a fair bit of stuff that I don't generally see recommended, a fair bit of which also has the ominous "MATURE" tag
the kissing was well-animated
Like sure it was nothing huge but
I already watched Sakura Trick and kind of liked it
Thank you you're a darling
You'll have to help me find these fansubs tho
OK
||either/or||
||dare I ask how gay they are, using Hibimiku as a measuring stick||
||I'm already wanting Karen and Hikari to end up a couple. Or maybe Karen and Miharu, that poor girl who's been wonderful to Karen while Karen keeps carrying this torch||
But yeah the translation seems slightly iffy?
Just finished ep 4
I'm about... *a few* eps in on the HIDIVE version
OK, I'll scratch Destiny of the Shrine Maiden
ugh
Wait, Destiny of the Shrine Maiden has a male protagonist?
like it's the reason people hated on Citrus (see also my Surprised Pikachu meme about Citrus in shitposts)
Like I'd assumed that that's the big reason people would hate on it
I must have confused the reception it got
Oh
I've heard bad things about Destiny of the Shrine Maiden but the one thing I'm wondering there is (not safe for human mind warning) ||is it shit and creepy and gross in ways that will result in a Surprised Pikachu meme or is it shit and creepy and gross in ways that will result in a Fred Driving the Mystery Wagon meme||
I'm... let me fetch the list
I'm not speaking of Qwaser, no
That's your opinion though, I'm prone to getting my hopes up and my heart broken, meaning I have to observe hope management hygiene
||Yeah I've heard about how the manga ended||
Like five eps into My Next Life as a Villainess ||I'm getting my hopes up for Bakarina/Maria and so I'm putting the show off until the season finishes and someone can tell me what the risks of getting my heart broken are||
and that's if it has yuribait in it
There are specific reasons I would not want to go into an anime blind
and the latter is more likely to be true than the former
I mean, there's "is this an outward selling point of the show" and then there's "is this a selling point of the show *for me*"
So for unfamiliar shows where I'm sitting here wondering "is this yuri?" sometimes I would rather have a forward scout to report back and let me know if it's safe to have hope
But seriously, criticize me if ya gotta but I know from experience that I'm prone to getting my hopes up for The Gay and that it will frequently be withheld even if it's set up because it's Gay
||the next line was not going to be "I left the oven on"||
Yeah, there's no way they didn't
no what is Kannagi
Kannagi?
Like HibiMiku merch would make bank
I agree on it being marketing, though obviously I think the publisher fears are unreasonable given this show's fandom
but yanno, publishers being skittish and afraid to take any risks
You talk like Hibiki figures wouldn't still sell if they kissed, which they would tbh, and then they could also sell extra HibiMiku merch on top of it
||A kiss would've been better, less risk of the meaning getting misinterpreted||
I would have liked that too, but like
tbh those people are bad
||And like, Hibiki and Miku's relationship was a full-blown no-shit They Ain't Just Friends arc||
I mean, I wouldn't call Geah yuribait. ||It at least had the courtesy to bend over backwards to put the onus of mental gymnastics on the "they're not gay" side rather than the "they're gay" side||
Isn't VRV owned by Crunchy anyway
Speaking of, I should go order some Symphogear merch
that's a fair point
I mean, that's fair. I try to go legit if I can because I *do* want this stuff to get my support, but if it's On Fucking Nothing I guess there's no point to holding out
this is 2020 everything is supposed to be on at all times
it's like, how'm I supposed to watch this shit, it is Not On
Yeah I looked up a bunch of old yuri anime and apparently Simoun, Nanoha, Noir, and Madoka Rebellion are on Fucking Nothing
...though in retrospect, ||that point of comparison between Fine using Ryouko's face and voice to feint against Genjuurou and Shem-ha using Miku's face and voice to feint against Hibiki||
Yeah I admit I'm careful about reading romance into things, and don't necessarily assume it even for straight pairings. Like Genjuurou caring about Ryouko in a platonic way would still make perfect sense
It's only streaming on hoopla and it's for sale on Amazon. Just one season?
Also I just looked up Strawberry Panic and hmm
I didn't realize Genjuurou was in love with Ryouko?
OK good
Is Strawberry Panic text
I have not
...and now it seems to be fixed (my telly still has that weird lag tear line across the top of the screen tho)
Which is too bad because the dub doesn't translate the text parts, but there seem to be giant chunks that the sub doesn't translate at all
Mein gott the HIDIVE subs on Bloom Into You are a mess
I had to make the decision to set Doomflags aside and wait until it finishes and someone can report back because I'm getting my hopes up way too much for Bakarina x Maria and that's a recipe for heartbreak even in a show this bisexual
It was a wee bit slow before That Scene
I mean I just finished episode 6
Finally, *Bloom Into You* stops fucking around
*whistles*
I am a simple homo I like gay p much
*My Next Life as a Villainess* ||what the shit are they foreshadowing with that conversation between Bakarina's former self and her friend where they cut off right before she says what route is *really* hard||
OK I said I was going to stop watching it but
Say, is anyone here familiar with *Do You Think Someone Like You Can Defeat the Demon Lord*?
Just watched the latest ep of *Villainess* ||friendship ended with Bakarina x Maria, Bakarina x Sophia is now OTP||
Oh
What does "sasuga" mean
SASUGA, BAKARINA-SAMA
You know what fuck it
I'd ruin the harem by picking someone. Or by manipulating them into fighting over me and taking the winner. Whichever
(though if any adaptation deserves a second season it's *Bloom Into You*)
I mean it seems like everyone is watching it
Ahh. So Villainess will probably end with ||Bakarina x Geordo canon RIP||
I ask because Villainess is the first harem I've watched since I was stuck with garbage like Tenchi Muyo on Toonami
Do harems still obligatorily end without a canon pairing for the protag or do they generally end with a canon pairing now?
I liked it but I feel like it was kind of held back in useful development and oomph by being a 1-hour OVA instead of a series
watched *Kase-san and Morning Glories*
Oh can't forget romance it legit has that
"Norse mythology, action, gore, gays, drama, more Norse mythology, more fights, cyberpunk science fiction, more gay, drama, did I mention drama, more gore, also comedy. way more comedy than has any business being in there, and not even the unintentional kind"
if I had to describe it in terms of genres
I've *tried* to describe it before and sometimes I even manage to approximate it but like
And it is... *very* difficult to describe, especially without spoiling it
No one knows what it is and it's a god damn shame because it might be the best book trilogy I've ever read in my life
I'm the kind of person that liked the *Valhalla* trilogy
then again
(the dramatic storytelling should be yuri of course)
Legit, I can understand that. I like my fights, but part of me would like to see more works with action where action is a side dish used to enhance dramatic storytelling rather than the main course
Like Symphogear worked because it *wasn't* Only Action, or Only Batshit Plots, or Only Yuri, or Only Idols, or Only SoL. It actually built a more complicated flavor palette than that.
Honestly I feel like a lot of works get a little too stuck in their own particular genre and don't balance their flavors. Like being Entirely One Thing can make a work dull.
Is it really? I fucking hope so my god
like *Bloom Into You* actually had the courtesy to get Dramatic at some point
See, cute wholesome stuff just sort of puts me to sleep most of the time. I need drama and excitement and something to get my heart pounding
I kind of hope the second season does more off-the-rails stuff
Oh it hasn't really had that effect on me. I still don't really care about idol stuff. I liked the dramedy in ZLS, tho.
...like Zombie Land Saga wasn't yuri but it was still *great* and I am super looking forward to the second season
almost entirely yuri. I occasionally make exceptions but I definitely have a particular taste
I am damned
yes, exactly
which is to say, my life is suffering
see I specifically seek out yuri that *isn't* Slice of Life/CGDCT
and getting yuri anime recommendations from people with terminal subtext poisoning can be... disappointing
I also trawl yuri anime recommendations but unfortunately that's not a super-long list and a lot of it is garbage, subtext, or CGDCT
who really should've told me to watch Symphogear sooner, but it turns out I'm the one that has to ride *their* asses to watch all the way through XV
I ask my weeaboo friends
I mean I wasn't expecting anything between the twins but I was given the expectation of more than what I got from Harukana
I was promised more yuri than this
I watched all 12 eps of Harukana Receive and kind of want the time back
also I'm surprised Bloom Into You is only rated 7.97
You didn't finish it? You should
Hmm. Symphogear S1 is 7.04 on MAL and XV is 8.27. Sounds about right tbh
How did you feel about Symphogear XV in terms of the Heroic Yuri Quotient
Incidentally, Hanabi
VRV recommended Keijo to me and frankly I am offended
Or more like yuri that at least has the courtesy to have something dramatic in it instead of just being pure mind-numbing fluff
<@!195044406343106560> Like all yuri all the time? Or heroic yuri?
<@!195044406343106560>
Worse than you how?
what I learned is that, yeah, terminal subtext poisoning
I actually went through Zeria's recommendation videos to see what she recommended
anyway, on genres, I had a thought that belongs in <#336297840529899522>
https://www.dreamspinnerpress.com/books/valhalla-6643-s
Also!
also it takes a very dim view of organized religion, so if you're the religious type you might not care for it
or "If you do not have any triggers, one will be provided for you"
or "oh god"
or "just assume it's in there"
like "yes"
but the trigger warning I will give it is... there are a few ways I could phrase it
I will highly recommend the *Valhalla* trilogy tho
I have not but it's on my list
Norse mythology, action, gore, gays, drama, cyberpunk science fiction, comedy, romance, and heavy metal
heavy metal
oh fuck I forgot the most important genre
I'm a little disappointed by some elements of how Symphogear handled Bikky and Miku's relationship but I feel it's fairly safe to say the way it was wrapped up was decidedly more Text than the original Utena series was (movie notwithstanding)
It was more Subtext than I care for tbh, though the movie helped to remedy that
I watched the original Utena series with friends once
yeah I know it's by the Utena director
like the synopsis about the MC meeting her girl for a secret tryst and it ending in a tragedy that sees her resolving to pump the next bear she sees full of bullets? that's definitely a starter
I need to watch Yurikuma Arashi too, it sounds a lot less boring than a lot of yuri works
or Kampfer, for that matter, though it's apparently garbo anyway?
I've heard mixed reports
Does Ikkitousen even have much yuri in it
make your recommendations
Anyway
whereas expensive media like full-length animation and video games *cannot* survive on cottage-industry money and have to be designed for the mass market or else the bankruptcy and poverty and eating out of garbage cans
because books have a much lower investment cost and it's possible for books targeted at small niches to survive as cottage industries
print yen
Drop a wedding OVA of Hibiki and Miku and then drop nendos of Bikky in a tux and Miku in a wedding dress
I mean, I'm sure that if, say, they dropped a Symphogear OVA in which Hibiki and Miku get a fucking wedding that Symphogear will remain *about* as popular as it was before. It's just that the pointy-hairs are afraid of, like, even like a 2% drop in sales of sexy pillowcases
I put that on my to-watch list
In other words, we're not allowed to have heroic shit because it costs too much money and it can't be sold to straight people because they have a bajillion and one straight shows with varying levels of competence at expressing this whole "heroic love" thing
ðŸ˜¦
...oof, Destiny of the Shrine Maiden got a 6.9
oh
What is your favorite anime?
It does get *something* remotely resembling a plot eventually when Yuu's big sister starts to twig to what's going on between them but it takes a long time and even then it's not much of one
yeah p. much
Probably because it got to a kiss early on enough that I was able to keep myself awake until the next kiss, and it kept them coming frequently enough that I was able to keep this up
I actually managed to sit through 12 eps somehow
Yes
they could've just made it a highlight reel of just the kissing, which is where their whole animation budget went anyway, and it would've been better
Sakura Trick *was* kind of trash
...oh hey Citrus got a 6.59. Deserved.
Please do think on it I'd like the guidance in what to watch/read (and I'm going to guess "read" since "heroic" implies some degree of action which implies a budget which implies it can't be gay because that'd negatively impact sales and etc.)
I mean, XV made the show for me, but that's because ||it finally gave Hibiki and Miku their Relationship Arc and it was epic||
What is your favorite heroic yuri tho, Hanabi?
ah, the standing lateral pantyshot
What purple-haired kitty girl?
~~Tsubasa doesn't need to put tits on her motorcycle Maria already has more tits than she can find a use for~~
Like I was able to find Symphogear merch by buying overseas but does the same apply to Yurikuma Arashi? Especially given it didn't have a season that dropped just last year?
Does Yurikuma Arashi merch actually exist
Or I guess I could lose my god damn mind and just buy the Blu-Ray but idk
(Noir, Akuma no Riddle, Mai-Hime, and Mnemosyne)
Granted I've got a number of other Funimation titles on my list to watch when I pick up that trial so idk
I am gonna have to watch Yurikuma Arashi. I'm just not looking forward to picking up a Funimation sub for it
But yeah
<:Ver:704169051391524875>
No. No I wouldn't.
"of course it fucking does. of course it would have tits in this show"
"oh god why does the motorcycle have tits"
"what the fuck does that motorcycle have tits"
meanwhile I was like
I think the thing that made it a lot easier to get through the earlier parts was that I watched it with friends and no one was afraid to give it the Mike and the 'bots treatment
(at least some of it. there are some *really nice* kissing gifs floating around from it)
...also its kissing is on the level of, like, Sakura Trick and Bloom Into You's kissing unfortunately
Like the porn part is bad but the 15% that isn't just porn is better than it has any right to be
it doesn't even have the courtesy to just be bad
yeah pretty much
^
I mean if you like fun bags you will get no end of them
also feelings of "man that would've been a genuinely powerful scene if they didn't feel the need to forcibly jam bare fun bags into it for no reason"
(I'm not talking about the "virgin" jokes in the first couple eps. No. They are building up to some shit)
also the humor actually translated well
No the thing about it that's really infuriating is that like. Before I watched Valkyrie Drive Mermaid, I was in the RWBY fandom and actually got a crash course in how to read cinematic language, screenwriting and cinematography techniques, and etc., and then when I watched Valkyrie Drive Mermaid I saw Actual Screenwriting Tools everywhere. Someone's *film-school education* went into that garbage
it was my favorite animu before Symphogear
I just had to lick it off the bottom of the fucking yuri dumpster but I did it
and you know what? I actually got some of that
I watched it because I wanted Heroic Gay Love
just understand what you're getting into
go ahead and watch Valkyrie Drive Mermaid
Honestly you know what
ya gotta watch all the animus your friends warn you are creepy and gross and shit in hopes that this fruitless endeavor will eventually end in a Fred driving the Mystery Machine meme instead of a Surprised Pikachu meme
nah if you wanna go real galaxy brain like
fortunately for you it's apparently only 9-minute episodes
I'm talking about the show
oh no I'm not talking about the fetish, I'm all for someone's heart getting ground into tiny little bits
I mean I've heard nothing but bad things about NTR tbh
Does it have a Plot or is it just girls flirting and kissing
I mean a lot of shows with no male characters lack yuri tbh but
you have my attention
What is "omegatext"
...so is Strawberry Panic worth buying
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
...I'm seeing a lot of horny tags
Yurika's Campus Life?
duly noted, thank you
Are they better than Dynasty Scans?
...Dynasty Scans?
I've got Fatal Twelve wishlisted
So what's Yuricam available on again?
OK, good to know
do the gays hook up
Also how gay are Fatal Twelve and Yuricam actually? Yuricam sounds Affirmatively Gay but I can't tell for sure with Fatal Twelve
...what's it available on
And Yuricam?
what's it available on
...what's it about tho
I'm not familiar with Fatal Twelve or Yuricam, tho. What are those?
I'll recommend you Heart of the Woods, which is by the same folks as Highway Blossoms (Highway Blossoms actually recently got picked up by the studio that did Heart of the Woods)
I do have Kindred Spirits on the Roof and have played it, though I should probably go back for the extras and drama CDs. I also have Highway Blossoms but need to play it.
<@!195044406343106560> book recommendations pl0x
anyway
I hear the MC in that is gay but does her crush ever love her back
Yuu in Sakura Trick or Bloom Into You?
Does Yuki Igucha just happen to have a working relationship with Kaneko that saw her tapped for both Mirei and Miku or is she one of those typecast actors whose type just happens to be "gay as fuck"
Speaking of seiyuus I find myself wondering a thing
oh
what is it
||I was so proud of Yurika but on the other hand she kind of deserved what she got didn't she||
||wtf was that ending tho||
OK, finished the gigolette manga
OK yeah that's working a little bit better thank you
ugh
...is it normal for MangaDex to take for-fucking-ever to load
...if they'd load
oh shit it's got more chapters on mangadex
yes
it's a manga with all the seriousness/ridiculousness of a battle shonen except it's about a college girl who grew up a wealthy socialite until her father's business, which he originally raised the money for by being a gigolo, goes bankrupt, and in order to get by she must rely on having inherited her father's gigolo powers, and it's all mooching off of strange women and... really that's not even the half of it it just goes Full Batshit at some point and oh my god
wow
and it looks not-done-yet
34 chapters
caught up on the gigolette manga scanlation
<@!195044406343106560> I love you thank you so much
this is the best dumbest fucking thing I have ever read
my god
I have been reading the fucking gigolette manga nonstop
Forceful how?
would its drama ever be described as "gripping"
I mean as long as it's not a snorefest where nothing happens
I do like rom-dram
I sleep
I'm curious
is Brave Witches gay?
I understand this is apparently one of the OG yuri animus or something but I don't know that I'm feeling it
I watched the first three eps of Maria Watches Over Us
but yeah there's not really any way to interpret ||Hibiki and Miku's XV arc platonically without... how did Melua describe it? throwing your shoulder out from the reaching||
I don't think it's as much "how is my kid going to watch 2 girls kissing" as it is "we could see up to a 2% reduction in sexy pillowcase sales if they kiss on-screen"
_scrolls up_
legit
https://d3bzyjrsc4233l.cloudfront.net/news/Harold.jpg
even if I know Yuzu and Mei aren't *actually* sisters, the way the show constantly tried to play up the "sisters" thing was just
meanwhile incest is one of my turn-offs
...Does it still keep the bizarre hyperemphasis on Yuzu and Mei being "sisters"
What
...my bad it wasn't a question it was a statement
Does that answer the question?
That, and I reiterate that my favorite book trilogy is *Valhalla*, which *definitely* gets both politics and religion in the action gay
Basically if we got more seasons of Valkyrie Drive, the show eventually going Utena-grade "your only path is to revolutionize the world" would have been amazing
But I digress
If it's not aggressively contained and used as a tool in service of the existing world order as opposed to allowing it to exist uncontained and threaten the existing world order instead
Like it's a development that threatens to end the era of the myth of heroic masculinity and begin an entirely new era of the myth of heroic female homosexuality
One of the things I actually liked about Valkyrie Drive was its *setting*, where it's very clear that world governments are fucking *terrified* of the Armed Virus and the powers it grants, probably because it only affects women (and mostly lesbians)
OK on "do you really want politics in your action-romance animu"
Like don't try to *play that up* pls
And Citrus would've been fine if it hadn't tried to portray Yuzu and Mei as Actual Sisters as opposed to just Stepsisters in a Technical Sort of Way
I mean, that's slightly creepy but still significantly less so than siblings
OK, good to know
Yuzu is great, Mei is not really a match
Well let's be honest Mei is also a giant fucking wet blanket
Though I've heard ||Yuzu eventually swerves towards a different love interest? I don't know if that's endgame tho||
Unfortunately that's kind of a turn-off for me
Ick
I already watched the show on Crunchy
Mostly I don't want to go buying Citrus manga if it's not going to be a significant improvement from the animu
Citrus animu and manga stuffs ||I heard Citrus gets less shit in the manga right after the part where the animu ends. Is this true and does it ever get less creepy with the "SISTERS" shit||
Yeah fuck subtext I need my domtext
that gay has to be made subtext in a lot of cases because The Marketing still just grinds my goddamn gears
OK yeah therein lies my issue
I don't like subtext or slice of life or CGDCT and thus my life is suffering
legit. I just like my gay Text
I mean that's fair, but like, Symphogear XV is kind of... it's on the Text side of borderline
ugh
More or less than Symphogear XV
...how gay is Granbelm
Back up, back up, what's this about a slowburn lesbian romance
Wait, slowburn lesbian romance what
(that arc was still glorious)
But yeah we were denied rightful catharsis
I mean, in fairness, it was pretty damn Text at that point
That's Miku's face when ||marketing tells her she can't kiss Hibiki||
Why must you mock my suffering
...she *does*
^ XV arc description and why them *just* being best friends doesn't float
||The arc of the fifth season is fundamentally dependent upon Miku *not* having told Hibiki her true feelings. That she's Hibiki's best friend and loves her dearly at least as a friend is completely established, and hard, and really the show is very blunt from G onward that Miku is in love with Hibiki. That Hibiki loves Miku dearly at least as a friend is *also* established. These things don't make an arc because they were the status quo prior to XV. XV's arc is based upon that not being the actual extent of their feelings.||
The thing is
What the hell was supposed to come next after the end of that final stinger, "I left the oven on"?
I'm not sure how you didn't get "they are extremely gay for each other" out of that
Did you watch XV
Symphogear XV spoils because I have to gush again ||Shem-Ha I fucking loved how Hibiki and Miku's love arc was, like, the backbone of the season's mythic arc||
I like feels but not so much bait
What is NoWaYu is it gay
Hell RWBY3 ||gave me some new kinks and that's bad||
Media really fucked me up too
that's what you say if you're going to rip someone's bodice off
I mean, saying you want to take someone for yourself is pretty unambiguous even in English tbh
_gibbers_
...see, this is one of those reasons I wanted a kiss
wow, these are the thickest het goggles I've seen in a long time
and Hibiki's response was to discover she's actually a dom
also set your pronoun tags
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Thank you for fixing Hanabi
The feeling is actually mutual, just, the protagonist is as dense as an anime protagonist
It's just that I'm used to eating out of the dumpster by now
just because I kind of liked parts of it doesn't mean it wasn't garbage
I will definitely not accuse NTR of being good
click my name Hanabi
mostly my tolerances are just very different from those of some other people I guess
Yeah I'm being way too gentle to it here
by which I mean Yuma really should've sorted her shit out and broken things off sooner
Takeda is a bro and deserved better than what he got tbh
yes that one
it's a pretty sterling example, though with only 9-minute episodes it probably actually gets off that shit sooner than a lot of shows do
I watched NTR today and actually kinda liked it in spite of everything, but *hell's bells* did they milk the shit out of the MC's density
Like, I understand straight people tend to just sort of view female-female relationships as being inherently desexualized in a way they don't necessarily view relationships between a man and a woman *or between two men even for that matter*, but like, I can't help but feel like if two women are doing the stuff together that Hibiki and Miku do throughout much of the series, that at a bare minimum they should probably have a talk about what their actual feelings are because someone might be getting their heart broken
I mean I have heard it's extremely weird yes but that it's the point
I mean I don't think I've heard anything bad about Simoun tbh
I figured it's mostly just that it's Old (I'm allowed to call it old because I'm the old fart but the next snotnosed zoomer that calls an anime that came out while I was in high school old is gonna find me under their bed tonight)
Is this what I should be looking for, or is there another seller or version that's better? https://www.amazon.com/Simoun-Complete-Collection-Michi-Niino/dp/B0020SC17U/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=simoun&qid=1590566821&sr=8-1
I keep hearing I should watch Simoun, and it is Not On Anything
OK so
yeah Rin
that critical mass being Yurikuma Arashi, Akuma no Devil, Mai-Hime, Noir, and Mnemosyne
I think I've reached a critical mass where I may be due to start a Funimation trial shortly
It looks like Akuma no Devil may not ever even have had a US Blu-Ray release?
like I'm looking up what physical media Simoun was ever released on and it seems like it doesn't have a BD release, just a DVD one? But that's a 14-year-old animu
I suppose it depends upon whether the show was ever available in 1080p (or even 720p) vs 480p but
I don't know how big the quality difference would be for stuff that came out more in the DVD era
DVDs are cheaper and can actually be watched on a PC
I have considered buying DVDs or BDs of some of the anime I like
I looked it up and something about SAVE editions being released after the original run is out, but the OG Akuma no Devil box is apparently still available
so as far as I can tell the only difference is the cover and the price (about a third of the original), unless there's something I'm missing
I tried to glean actual differences between the SAVE edition and the original edition from the descriptions but they list the same extras and the OVAs
Looks like the Akuma no Devil animu box set, including OVAs and extras, is available for $15?
wtf is this a whole goddamn anime season with OVAs and extras for $15 https://www.rightstufanime.com/Riddle-Story-of-Devil-SAVE-Edition-DVD
Mostly I'm wondering if the licensed stuff from RightStufAnime would have a better translation
Yeah I'm on Dynasty Scans and oof
<@!237964037898502144> Incidentally, which translation are you reading? The one I'm reading is... pretty bad
OK, good to know
I've heard the manga is much more openly gay than the animu?
Anyone here familiar with the Akuma no Riddle manga?
Incidentally
I say this because I'm wondering if it makes me Simoun's demographic
I liked Valkyrie Drive but wish it wasn't porn and that all the screentime that had been used for tiddies had been used for more characterization and thematic exploration instead
I thought they were tweens

*uhhhh*
It's a little, uh
memes posted in <#407060923078017026>
OK meme time
you know what while I'm sitting around and sipping coffee before I go grocery shopping I should probably update some of my Valkyrie Drive memes
I don't think standards apply anymore
like no shit
Funimation has fucking Valkyrie Drive
also as far as Funimation and standards go
I like being able to watch it on my telly
Granted best way to do that would probably be to buy Blu-Rays afterwards but still
also I want to give at least *some* token economic support to gay shit. Like if I'm watching it on Funimation, Funimation presumably knows it's getting views
AHOY MATEY
Mostly I'm just trying to avoid ARR!ing too hard
oh
what is cat site
Akuma no Devil also sounds like my bag
but I've been told that I will like it
idk why Funimation has Yurikuma Arashi
I ducked out after two or three eps last time I tried it
Maybe I should try it again
Meh
Romantically
What about ||Illya and Miyu? Are they an item?||
also the ED is a fucking bop and I can't help but feel like I've heard it somewhere before, but I've talked about that already
It's flawed but it had enough of that shit I like that I'm glad I watched it
it's got its flaws but fuck it I like it
just finished *Destiny of the Shrine Maiden*
<:Ver:704169051391524875>
(just finished the 8th ep of *Destiny of the Shrine Maiden*)
OK that was a little fucked up
I don't mean the singer is familiar, I mean the song itself is
Like I feel like I've heard that ED before
And this seems familiar somehow?
OK I'm watching *Destiny of the Shrine Maiden*
and the closest thing it has to, like, a plot arc is that Yuu's big sister eventually starts to twig to this and ||tries to interfere||
the premise is just "Haruka and Yuu are starting high school and decide they want to upgrade their relationship and do something friends don't normally do" and kiss, and end up liking it
It's extremely slice-of-life and like
It has a plot?
But yeah the whole animation budget went into kissing, french kissing, and also tiddy physics
it is kind of ecchi yeah. Not like, Valkyrie Drive bad. it's not pornographic
...so I think I'll start a Funimation trial to watch stuff like Yurikuma Arashi, Mai-Hime, and Akuma no Riddle next week
Hmm. Looks like I've got till next Wednesday before my VRV trial is up and I lose the ability to watch Hidive stuff until I drop money on a sub
Can I still be a good person if I order Destiny of the Shrine Maiden merch
machine translated art is an abomination
this sounds like cocaine
RightStufAnime lists Akuma no Riddle's genre as "Action, Drama, Mystery, Romance" and themes: Yuri
and *definitely* Akuma no Riddle, that looks like my exact bag
I'm working on getting through Hidive stuff while I still have the trial available but after that I think I'm gonna have to start a Funimation trial and get around to watching stuff like Yurikuma Arashi
I have not. I do want to read the manga, but I've been meditating on whether to wait for my area library system to start operating again or to just go ahead and buy it
Meh
What kind of romance? Slice of life schoolgirls, or?
So what's AdaShima
(I say, actually having a library card in my wallet)
Can confirm, if I wanted to read I'd go to the fucking library
And how much I appreciate this
Also can I just say that given how creepy a lot of animu is, *Bloom Into You* is a show that I would *not* be embarrassed for my family to watch with me
||and again I really liked the "neither fetishized nor desexualized" part. it had some moments that were genuinely steamy, and in a completely organic way||
Yeah it had some really stellar writing
showed up for good yuri romance, got a deep study of ||how love stories are bullshit, the nature of the self, and unsanitized relationships with actual work-out-able problems that was also neither fetishized nor desexualized|| and great yuri romance
I tried to watch *Maria Watches Over Us* and after the three-episode test I still had to rewind every thirty seconds because... it's not wrong to expect that an anime be more engaging than the background noise in my head, right?
I watched *Bloom Into You* and it was *great*
Yeah, I like that it's a much more *dramatic* embrace
https://www.amazon.com/Destiny-Shrine-Kannazuki-Inches-Dest-6/dp/B00SD0ZGIU/ref=sr_1_57?dchild=1&keywords=destiny+of+the+shrine+maiden&qid=1590683673&sr=8-57
https://www.amazon.com/Destiny-Shrine-Kannazuki-Inches-Dest-14/dp/B00SD11AQ6/ref=sr_1_45?dchild=1&keywords=destiny+of+the+shrine+maiden&qid=1590683645&sr=8-45
...so I'm looking at *Destiny of the Shrine Maiden* wall scrolls and I'm kind of feeling one of these two?
It's free on Crunchy, I'd start there
it's not part of a relationship arc like it is in Bloom Into You
except in Bloom Into You it was extremely organic whereas in Sakura Trick it's just, it's literally just a show about girls kissing
If you've watched Bloom Into You, I might compare it to ||the scene where they make out in the shed||
I mean it's not nearly as bad as Citrus, considering it has far less ||sexual assault and framing-things-as-incest-even-if-it's-bullshit||
it's just, there ain't really much going on
the kissing is kind of steamy in spots ngl
seriously it's that and a bunch of skits and gags and also kissing scenes
||for Reasons||
...I'm mad because the version of Valkyrie Drive that's cheaper and actually lists the extras it includes doesn't have the amazing box art the other version has
oh hey Funimation has a merch shop
(though the best fanservice in it is definitely stuff like ||animating the muscle moving beneath the characters' skin woof||)
it isn't
I don't know how people think Harukana Receive is a super-fanservicey animu
random thought
Didn't Araki actually end up leaving one of his employers because they *did* finally impose restrictions on his work when he wanted to let Jolyne be gay
Did you ever play *Heart of the Woods*
Good to know
Oh, OK
And I don't know if this is referring to het relationships in the case of these shows or not
Because RightStufAnime tags both of them as having "romance" as one of their genres
The main romance or?
also tfw if I'd moved a bit quicker I might've been able to score Yurikuma Arashi on disc for $8
that the genre tags are referring to
Is this gay romance or het romance here
Both of these list "romance" as a genre but I've heard they're Gay
peeking at RightStufAnime's Funimation sale, and they've got both My-Hime and My-Otome up
OK, so
I don't think they had that kind of relationship tbh
(yes I watched her arc dealing with her personal shit, my friends made me watch it with them and it was good)
Does the lesbian ever get a gf
So Araragi's little sister is like some kind of badass martial artist or something?
"instead of translating this word we're just going to leave it in Japanese and tell you what the Japanese word means"
alas
So they can sleep with *women* without losing their powers apparently
weird
honestly I should probably just start a Funimation trial and watch Akuma no Riddle, I'm actually excited about that one
(I'm pretty sure they don't only use Romance for het romances, just, My-Hime and My-Otome don't list Yuri under their themes)
I ask this because, like I say, My-Hime and My-Otome both have Romance listed among their genres on RightStufAnime but maybe they're casting an overly broad net there idk
But apparently there are enough guys around for there to be het romance arcs?
I see
What's wrong with the movie?
I'm not even sure what they'd do for Bloom Into You figs tbh
This would be in no small part for collecting and also because I want to vote with my buck for more yuri anime
Yeah that's probably what I'd be doing too tbh
Sadly the $8 version is out of stock
(My only problem with Blu-Ray tbh is that you can't watch it on your PC)
https://www.rightstufanime.com/Yurikuma-Arashi-Blu-ray-DVD
my god this was a Blu-Ray/DVD combo pack with the extras for $8
OK
Does it have a primary het romance
toodles
OK it's time for me to stop talking about yuri anime and browsing yuri merch and get some goddamn rest
?
Messaged
<@278860841485598720>
Do you want me to just go ahead and name it?
<@278860841485598720>
The animu or the myth?
I say it's animu-related because I saw that particular theme in an animu and I was like "wait what myth was this"
I wanna say cowherd and weaver but I don't think that's it
One about eternally reincarnating star-crossed lovers. I swear I've heard of a myth like that but I can't remember it off the top of my head
I'm trying to think of a particular myth (yes this is animu-related)
Oh I've known that for a while, I'm in the Elan Discord
*[Nezha intensifies]*
what about if the twintails are on good cute femboys
But yeah that's what I dislike about ecchi. Not that there are people that like it, but rather, when it's the dumpster I have to eat my fix out of
It frustrates me when I have to lick my fix off the bottom of the dumpster
And I got it, I just had to sit through so much over-the-top tiddy that I couldn't respect myself in the morning
I watched Valkyrie Drive Mermaid because I wanted Heroic Gay Love
That's the problem
No I'm not doing the Valkyrie Drive rant right now I need a fucking nap
My problem with ecchi anime isn't that there are people who like it so much as that...
yes. because smooching
If there's another Nanoha season they need to let Nanoha and Fate kiss already
There's a finite amount of yuri trash that's not SoL or CGDCT
So like, I'm in that awkward space where like
See I don't particularly like slice of life or cute girls doing cute things, is the thing. At least not as, like, a main dish. As a side dish in a show with more meat to it it's fine
I like my yuri with fun things like violence tho
Like there is an effectively infinite supply of heterosexual trash, but a finite supply of yuri trash, especially if you like your yuri with fun things like violence
There's only so much yuri trash to go through tho
Please understand, I am a simple woman. The kind of simple woman that was able to enjoy eating Valkyrie Drive and Destiny of the Shrine Maiden out of the yuri dumpster
But is it at least gay edge
Should I watch Mahou Shoujo Site
subtext is for 25-year-old network series
enough of this shit
no
subtext is just
what the fuck happened
Kannazuki no Miko was dispensing with this subtext bullshit as far back as *2004*
it's *2020*
Also why the fuck did Subtext Hell Yuri have to survive as a genre
Like Hibiki and Miku's arc in Symphogear? ||Actually used a varied flavor palette and once they got to that two-season arc in AXZ and XV actually started to have serious buildup and tension and then release when they finally got into each other's arms again||
Media that has a consistent tone and doesn't use a diverse flavor palette or do arcs well
What I mean by "monotone media" is like
And monotone media just doesn't do that
Thing is I like buildup and catharsis and all that
How can you eat your pudding if you don't eat your meat
I need to eat my meat before I eat my pudding
I just wish it had broken open the metaphysical barrier that generally confined yuri to Subtext Hell but for some reason that didn't happen
It did some specific things that Fucking Needed to Be Done and also that tickled my joy gland
OK look I loved Kannuzuki no Miko but a good show it is not
anyway excuse me I'm just having another Episode
Which leads back to ||whytf they no let Hibiki and Miku do a smoochie||
what demographic is Symphogear regarded as?
yeah, but there are still aggressively Not Shonen action shows
Yeah, but like, Bloom Into You is aggressively about "fuck this 'growing out of it' bullshit"
why is explicit yuri allowed in high-school SoL but all the action-adventure-mythology shows are afraid to do what Kannazuki no Miko did in 2004
...but seriously like
I need to take that Chris Hansen picture and photoshop him with glowing eyes and a gun for a proper response to Qwaser
Like I say, Kannazuki no Miko did it back in two-thousand-fucking-four
No, like, where the fuck is it
where's the more explicit yuri that's action/adventure/mythology/etc.
But that said Yaga Kimi, Citrus, and Kase-san are all high-school SoL
This is true, but ||I'm still salty that they didn't let Hibiki and Miku kiss, in fucking *2019*||
I was gonna say, why do you hear so much about light novels but not as much about just novels
what makes a light novel light
I tried to watch Maria Watches Over Us and three episodes in the show was still significantly less interesting than the background noise in my head
is that a Nitro-only emote
but I think we're all in agreement on the specific thing I'm talking about
I mean, Symphogear still could've benefited from a little less subtlety in XV
She's afraid that the woman she's in love with might go and die on her
Also, bear in mind that while Hibiki and Miku are officially Best Friends at that point, that is not the extent of Miku's feelings
let's be real yuri is something that needs to *stop* being subtle
especially when it comes to yuri
I mean, let's be real, subtlety is sometimes overrated
I'm surprised she didn't accuse her of dating strange women behind her back tbh
the *cat*
Wait
My friends wrangled me into watching the lesbian's arc
Monogatari seems very popular
action, drama, romance, yuri
Akuma no Riddle looks like My Thing
(I'm actually really looking forward to Akuma no Riddle and Yurikuma Arashi and should probably get my Funimation trial started today)
how shit is my PTW https://myanimelist.net/animelist/AllisonBW?status=6
finally set up a myanimelist because maybe it's a better way to keep track of shows I've been recommended than a text file
Who here read the Akuma no Riddle manga?
then again *Bloom Into You* has buildup and an actual arc and drama and shit
I mean, I bitch about SoL but I loved *Bloom Into You*
I mean I do plan on watching Mai-Hime eventually but I'm watching Akuma no Riddle at the moment
shinais
looking forward to it getting gayer
done with ep 2 of Akuma no Riddle
a'right, Akuma no Riddle time
Domtext or riot
when I am queen of the world Subtext Hell Yuri will be abolished and it'll just be all Domtext all the time
That falls under yuri
what would I talk about, if not yuri
I mean
...except Citrus, Citrus was ew
the *Valhalla* trilogy is my favorite book trilogy so I think I basically have a PhD in liking fucked up gay shit now
anyway as I was saying
Just saw the first so far
My favorite book trilogy is the *Valhalla/Ragnarok/Gudsriki* trilogy
Rin gives me a thirst
Also started Mnemosyne today
Oh. I do like me some gay kisses
or manga
What animu is that Niko
dafack wat
DAFCK what
I think I need to start with something tamer, like shrooms
this is a god damn *trip*
I think I need to snort more cocaine before watching this show
watching the first ep of Yurikuma Arashi
or should I finish Mnemosyne first
should I watch Yurikuma Arashi in one sitting today
is edge a bad thing tho
Oh god I'm not gonna spend $100 fucking dollars on gay comics am I
...*Bloom Into You* is *also* on sale this week
Apparently the manga is on sale on RightStufAnime this week and I can get the whole five-volume run for $43.50
Speaking of going from anime to manga I watched the *Akuma no Riddle* anime yesterday and now I'm considering getting the manga because I want more gay
fair 'nough
(I'm sad tho because I tend to prefer shows to comics, what with things like "motion" and "sound" and "bangers" and etc.)
May as well get the weaker version out of the way first
I mean, if I start with the anime, I then have something to look forward to when I pick up the manga
I'll have to watch Mahou Shoujo Site at some point
and thus my perfect 10 will elude me
I mean, do you know of anything like what I just described
Because my perfect 10 would be ||the intensity of Symphogear XV's heroic love arc between Hibiki and Miku combined with the way Kannazuki no Miko just up nuked subtext from orbit||
I don't think I'm going to find my perfect 10 tbh
||fix this Satelight||
||this is frustrating||
||I can't give anything a 10 because the one I enjoyed most was probably Symphogear XV but I still have to dock it a point for cutting off the final scene when it did, which is unfortunate because if not for the fact that I actually enjoyed Symphogear XV more I'd want to give Bloom Into You a 10||
https://myanimelist.net/animelist/AllisonBW?status=2
OK, finally put scores to all my finished animus on MyAnimeList
What's it on? Neither because.moe nor justwatch.com know what it is
what is fragtime
belatedly]
Harumi is great, Yuzu is great, the show would be so much better if Mei were not in it
like oh my Shem-Ha just fucking date Harumi already
Yuzu is fantastic but her love interest is just bad
Because I am completely aware I was eating out of the yuri dumpster
Bloom Into You? Yeah I can give that a 9-10 and feel OK about it. Citrus? Can give that a 4 and feel OK about it
Yeah but like, I would feel a little wrong giving stuff like Kannazuki no Miko and Valkyrie Drive scores of like 8 or 9
because IME these are very different things
One for how good it is and one for how much you enjoyed it
MyAnimeList should let you give each show *two* scores
I may have said this here already but
random thought
Keijo might be the most horrifying premise I've ever seen
||Shem-Ha I loved XV's heroic and mythological love arc so Shem-Ha-damned much||
which isn't really a *problem* per se I guess but
...ok so *that's* my actual problem with it
I mean, that still gets in the way of the thing where I'd give *Bloom Into You* a 10 *except* for it not hitting my own personal fetishes (Heroic and/or Mythological-in-Scope Gay Love)
that's a fair point
I checked on Amazon and they have *a* Blu-Ray of Rebellion but it specifically notes its region coding prevents it from being played on most North American Blu-Ray players
I think it might be no longer in production here because it's only on places like eBay and oddball retailers I've never heard of it seems
Oh. Shit.
what's AnimeLab
Nevermind, I checked justwatch.com and they say Netflix has the show itself but not Rebellion
Can I search what's on Netflix without being subbed to it?
Yeah, I'm looking for something super specific, which is all the trouble
I looked for the BD but I don't know that there's even a western release of Rebellion available at the moment?
no I didn't but I want to, it just isn't on anything
I don't get it
That's why Subtext Yuri makes no goddamn sense
I know there are
Is there a kind of person that actually says to themselves "I want something where two girls having a romantic relationship is *implied* but they dance around ever saying it matter-of-factly"
I seriously can't understand why Subtext Yuri is a thing. Like I say, I can't see it making sense outside of trying to have cake and eat it too, or a creator wanting to make yuri but the person cutting their checks saying no
belatedly
or a creator wants to tell a yuri story but the boss won't let them
because I can't help but think it only makes sense as an attempt to straddle demographics
like is there anyone who likes Subtext Yuri *specifically*
is there an *actual demographic* for Subtext Yuri
OK stupid question time
eh that's not really spoilers
Bloom Into You ||I felt it was kind of slow to start and took a while to pick up, but if you mean, like, the yuri/romantic development, that kicks in first ep yeah||
Netsuzou Trap, which has some cucking in it yes
It was bad but I liked it, mostly because I kind of like fucked-up relationships
I mean, I watched the NTR anime
I didn't realize we were still making distinctions between yuri and shoujo ai these days
when that's what *most* of the Openly Yuri shows seem to be
I liked Kindred Spirits but my problem with it is that it is, once again, Slice of Life Schoolgirls
jesus
But it would be strange for someone to never be wrong. We all have to deal with being wrong sooner or later.
I mean, I'd say that in a work that's long enough for characters to have *multiple* arcs, you can have arcs where they change and arcs where the thrust of it is the world changing around them
I mean, there's a difference between "this thing is unrealistic" and "this thing represents a Bad Worldview that should be left behind"
speaking of grabbing gay books tho has anyone here read the Sayaka novel? that was gonna be what I was gonna throw in my cart to push it over the free shipping threshold
actually you know what I might grab Sexiled I didn't know that was a thing
Oh wow
Wait, what is this
Like it doesn't have the awkwardness that scanlations tend to have, right? I'm fine with honorifics being preserved
how good are Seven Seas translations generally?
incidentally
No Citrus pl0x
?
ðŸ˜
any recommendations? (I liek gay shit)
but I need to toss something else in the cart to break $50 if I want free shipping
so I can get the full five-volume manga of Akuma no Riddle for under $50
I may have mentioned a while back that RightStufAnime is having a Seven Seas sale
time for me to seek advice
I rate it "*holy shitballs*"
finished *Yurikuma Arashi*
Still, looking forward to *Akuma no Riddle*. I liked the anime but wished it were just a little bit gayer/harder on the romance, and I've heard the manga delivers a little more on that front
I might've ordered the whole *Bloom Into You* manga but they were sold out of some of the volumes so not right now
Got it
I hope Sayaka gets a GF in the end
I know the first one is about the time she was with that shitty girl
My bad
I meant V2
But yeah I got the five volumes of *Akuma no Riddle*, the first volume of *Sexiled*, and the first Sayaka book
Hmm. It's *Bloom Into You* but from Sayaka's perspective, right?
Oh, shit
Second volume isn't out yet. At least not in the West. At least not *officially* in the West.
Well, I kept the first volume in my cart, so that one will be coming
Unrelated: when is *Kill Six Billion Demons* getting an anime
*Heart of the Woods*. Visual novel.
Oh, sorry
||and they went out of their way to cast an actual trans woman to play Tara||
Yes it is
Yeah. Like when is Rachel going to fuck off to a monastery in the mountains and train in creating action games for ten years and then emerge in her fully realized form to craft Yuri Souls
Or how about Yuri Souls. When we gettin' our Yuri Souls
Which is bizarre because they're delightful and everyone likes them
So basically like Yuri Mario
An old-fashioned collectathon platformer or something
Hell, even something like
I mean there are *lots* though that's a good one
(can you guess why I loved XV)
Also I like Action Romances in general
But more generally I mean more traditional genres and let's be real Action and Adventure are fun
I mean, I'm deliberately being kind of broad
It's just, those are way more expensive due to the assets, expertise, time, and testing required
I actually want to see action-adventure
(though I wish for that dev to someday get the opportunity to make actual yuri games that *aren't* visual novels)
Yes, I have *Heart of the Woods* too
*grumpgrump*
I'm just being bitchy because I am Exceedingly Greedy for my yuri and want as much as possible
Ahh
Content loss?
Related: I like when in romance anime the lead couple gets a duet song
Or, alternately, maybe just like. An album of image songs and some songs for Big Important Scenes
I mean, pages could be specified
That's fair
I can't tell if this is some profound thought or if I just had a complete brainfart or something
This leaves me wondering, why don't more novels and comics have companion soundtracks
One of the really big advantages that movies/shows have over novels and comics isn't just the moving pictures and shit, it's *soundtracks*. And soundtracks have a much lower cost-of-entry barrier than the "moving pictures" part
Random dumbass thought of the night
Doesn't Illya have a girlfriend
But seriously, stick with *The Missing*. If there's some puzzle you're struggling with you can ask me for a little help
I should play it, I have it
...yeah I just looked for it and it looks like I put it on my ignore list a long time ago
also what's aoi shiro
yeah that's sort of my antifetish
...this looks like they're, uh, sisters?
_goes to look_
And it's yuri?
Also what's that first one? I can't quite make out the name
...it's not that hard tbh?
||Though it's not quite as focused on the romance-per-se as it may appear at first||
I wish more people would play that game, it's great
Oh hey, you have *The Missing* under there. Good pick.
<@476058996315389953> You have a yuri folder on Steam? What else is in it? Tell me everything.
Because it needs one
do people *actually* buy VNs for awful sex scenes
I mean it's not like they could've made it worse
RightStufAnime sent me shipping confirmation today but the USPS doesn't have tracking yet
eee excited for my gay books to get here
it's hard for me to find stuff too tbh
I will never get used to it
with a name like that it has no excuse to not be gay
How public was the network that *Bloom Into You* aired on? And what time slot was it?
I like stuff more when it's gayer because I like me some action romance
and still be popular
But it's like, Japan's conservative and all, but clearly it is still completely possible to just flat-out get away with gay shit
fair 'nough
Doomflag is *also* pretty gay tho
And here I thought *Bloom Into You* was getting shunted into time slots no one is up because it's gay or something
I'm used to new stuff being run in, like, the *evening*
wow
I have difficulty imagining something being *originally run* at 2 in the morning
I mean, fair, but this is still overall super-late
...so they aired Bloom Into You *in the middle of the night*?
I don't recognize those time slots 24-hour time is failing me
it runs a bit against my preference for Hard Bangers but it's still adorable
this is adorable
_clicku_
...oh nice
I mean I know dmjii get duet songs but do Hibiki and Miku?
...idk, I've only seen like the one season of Monogatari
oh sorry
(this may play into why *Bloom Into You*'s "Hectopascal" is such a bop)
when, in a romance animu, the couple gets a duet song
A trope I've decided I like, maybe even love
...I heard Fairy Tail had a ||gay smoochie|| in it?
I mean from what I've heard the original work is already gay
And the anime definitely leaned towards action over romance
I mostly picked up the manga because I wanted More Gay
Yeah that's fair
The manga lacked the anime's Meet Cute scene and also the very first fight with Isuke was a lot juicier in the anime
This particular segment of the story I think the anime did better tbh
Finished the first volume of the *Akuma no Riddle* manga
my gay comics and novels are here yaaaaay
Tfw I got through two volumes of *Akuma no Riddle* tonight and should have brought a third
I take Zeria recommendations with a grain of salt these days because she may have terminal subtext poisoning
Meh, thank you for letting me know
That's a lot
Like the fights in the *Akuma no Riddle* anime slap like someone owes them money
Been reading the *Akuma no Riddle* manga and I have to say the anime does the fights better
Unrelated
Hmm
Is it yuri tho
Diebuster then
I've been told that... one of Diebuster or Gunbuster is yuri? Whichever one comes second?
mfw Kannazuki no Miko is old enough to drive this year and subtext yuri hell is *still a thing* <:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
I need meat
I ain't got it in me
alas fluff is just
you're one of those cute girls doing cute things likers aren't you
but I like it
It's one of those awkward works where it really helps to both read the manga *and* watch the anime because they both do things a little differently and you need both to really get the Optimal Experience
...I like it.
Just finished the *Akuma no Riddle* manga.
(Or if you want to watch the anime first that's fine too, just, don't forget to read the manga as well)
Just, with the caveat that the anime is *not* a replacement for the manga. If you had to choose between watching the anime or reading the manga, definitely the manga. *However*, the anime is still very worth watching as a companion piece, because the fights and the music slap like someone owes them money
Right, so, any of you who haven't watched/read it yet, I'm going to formally recommend *Akuma no Riddle*
That sounds absolutely terrifying
I've probably whined about that before tbh
that *Destiny of the Shrine Maiden* will be old enough to drive this year and Subtext Yuri Hell is *still a thing* long after *Destiny of the Shrine Maiden* acted as a proof-of-concept that you *don't fucking have to do it*
random thought: the single biggest disappointment of *Destiny of the Shrine Maiden* is something that I'm pretty sure isn't actually *Destiny of the Shrine Maiden*'s fault
like just going by the way it's spoken of around here you'd think it's the yardstick for a good anime
I hear a lot of good shit about Monogatari
Yeah, but it's like. That just sounds so profoundly unsatisfying compared to an actually good love story
smdh
so it's a symptom of Japan having widespread generational suicidal depression
I've ranted about it before but like, the "waifu" shit is so self-defeating. If you want the audience to fall in love with a character, let them have a love interest and actually show the audience what it's like to be loved by them
also I legit don't understand the obsession with fanservice or waifus, like, why do people eat this shit up
Why a *harem anime* tho
is this yuri
tfw streaming services have largely made watching anime more affordable but manga is as spendy as ever without â˜ ï¸
oh jesus christ the manga is 12 volumes deep that's a lot of dough
Should I *start with* the anime or the manga
Is this another one of those ones where the manga gets a kiss but the anime doesn't
Maybe I should watch Mahou Shoujo Site
*why*
Yuri is allowed if it's schoolgirls or porn but not if it's, like, action but not porn
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
I just want more Openly Gay action romance yuri is that so wrong
That's the big draw to the Akuma no Riddle anime IMO. The fights and songs *own*
How are the fights/songs?
What's that
...inb4 the author's Final Form is finally getting Bakarina an actual otome game adaptation
What I find myself wondering is if every adaptation is going to end in the same way as the LN did, or if, in otome game fashion, each adaptation will end with a different OTP
inb4 the Final Form of Bakarina is an actual otome game
What I find myself wondering is whether every adaptation is going to end up with the same pairing as the original LN or if, given this is a show about an otome game, each version will culminate in a different OTP
But aside from the fights and the music I'd have to say the manga is better at actually fulfilling its point than the anime tbh. *Akuma no Riddle* is an action romance and the anime just doesn't handle the romance side of things well at all, as well as giving everyone a frontal lobotomy
They're more *different*, in a way I like. *Symphogear* is a little more over the top with the special attacks and all, while *Akuma no Riddle* is somewhat... grittier
That said, me liking the fights in *Akuma no Riddle* more than the fights in *Symphogear* isn't necessarily saying that the fights in *Akuma no Riddle* are strictly speaking *better* than *Symphogear*'s fights
but what the anime *does* have going for it is that the fights and OST kick ass
I've recommended *Akuma no Riddle* here before, but I can't really recommend the anime by itself when the manga exists and the anime is just not a great adaptation of it
OK, so, resuming my heresy from <#336297387863703552>
what's HO btw
It's all right I guess
I just didn't recognize the name
Oh hey I actually read Shitsurakuen
Maybe even *heroic* action romances that are yuri?
Do you like action romances that are yuri?
I will maintain that the *Akuma no Riddle* manga was a treat, though the anime is not a great adaptation of it. Worth watching for the fights and music as long as you understand the manga does a much better job with the romance side of things.
...also, what's a manwha
But again, these are someone else's recommendations, not mine. Except for *Akuma no Riddle* and... god dammit I don't want to recommend *Valkyrie Drive* but despair is despair
I asked the same person about Tetragrammaton Labyrinth, which is apparently in Seven Seas' back catalog under the yuri category, and the way they described it ||it sounds like it's kind of in that awkward space between subtext and Domtext where they're apparently super-affectionate and the work really bends over to make sure you know they Love each other without actually giving a kiss on the lips or a formal confession||
She seems to have an appreciation for gritty action/heroic yuri
I wish the manga for that one weren't dead in the water because I'd really like to see more stuff from Sunao Minakata
They mentioned Seven Seas lost the distro rights for Hayate x Blade after its magazine change, and also I'm pretty sure Omae Gotoki is *Roll Over and Die*/*Do You Think Someone Like You Can Defeat the Demon Lord*
I asked them if they know of any of them that are licensed for western distribution, and they said Simoun, Shitsurakuen, Murcielago, Hayate x Blade, and Omae Gotoki
also Gamma, apparently
MANGA/MANWHA:
- Love Death (comedy, small action)
- Akuma no riddle (big action assassins)
- Simoun (action mecha, get anime) <- spoiler sex change for some
- Hakodate Youjin Buraichou Himegami (monster, japanese historic setting)
- Banana no nana (weird comedy, weapon is banana)
- Hakodate Youjin Buraichou Himegami (monster, transformation, ecchi)
- Hayate X Blade (FIGHT SWORD, VERY DUMB PROTO, I'll put it into subtext)
- Liberta (fight, ongoing)
- Murcielago (horror, nsfw, assassin)
- Semelparous (same author as Ganma)
- Shitsurakuen (figh against male, it wasn't supposed to be yuri... but it becomes after fan complained )
- Marriage Black (assasins)
- Mage & Demon Queen (fantasy, action, comedy) <- real popular lately

ANIME:
- Valkyrie Drive (ecchi and fight)
- Toji no Miko (big subtext)

LN:
- Omae Gotoki (gore, supposed to be yuri but I haven't get to the yuri part yet, waiting for english release)
- Clash of Hexennacht (comedy, mecha)

BOOKS:
- Lyremouth Chronicles (epic fantasy, magic, GAY)
- Breaking Legacies (epic adventure)
C&Ped these recommendations for action yuri from another server
I just got recommended a bunch of action yuri from another server, though I think most of it was manga
I sleep
||was this het love or yuri love that saved the princess||
But then, Japan did a Japan, and <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
and, in turn, Zero Two was never really compatible with a man before she got one that didn't try to control her
how Hiro was never compatible with a woman before Femdom entered his life
oh, that's another thing that suggested a subversion was incoming
Yeah, that's what I kept in mind when I ducked out. This is Japan, after all
Did that come *before* or *after* the directorial shift
because Shinzo Abe needs more babies and femdom don't make babies apparently
and then it got dropped in Cultural Conservative Director lap
Like the first few eps really came off like, this couple's arc is getting set up to subvert the normal male dominant/female submissive cultural paradigm and their big Power Up moment partway through the show is going to come when they finally stop pretending they fit this at all and switch places in the cockpit
it's a little infuriating because the first eps really want you to know that Zero Two is the more traditionally masculine partner in the relationship and absolutely beat you over the head with this, only for the series to apparently go "no it's about the lead couple becoming Normal with a dominant guy and a submissive girl"
*Darling in the FranXX* still kind of pisses me off because, like, right from the first few eps, it was setting up a subversion of the usual cultural paradigm with its lead couple. I dropped out after that because a) het and b) knowing Japan it occurred to me that they could actually end up subverting the subversion, which is apparently exactly what happened
and *hoo boy* no
Example: a friend actually pulled me into watching the first few eps of *Darling in the FranXX* back when it looked like they were actually setting up a Subversion of the setting's big Thing, and then apparently halfway through the show got dropped in the lap of a hardline cultural conservative director and just went "no we're subverting the subversion"
Because that particular thing is frustrating as hell
OK yeah that's a problem
The *worst* thing is when a work sets up and foreshadows room for a subversion and then subverts its own setup for a subversion and just goes hardline traditional
...That said, where subversion becomes necessary is when a particular trope is just, bad or bullshit or otherwise just desperately needs a change
Yeah, a work being *predictable* is not strictly a problem. Some tropes are done because frankly they're satisfying and also if a work foreshadows well you can often get a feel for where it's going. Whipping a twist out of nowhere at random does not good writing make, for instance.
because when all was said and done I had maybe an 8 or 9 worth of fun with it in the end but as for how good it actually was maybe like a 4
*Kannazuki no Miko* is one of those shows that makes me wish MAL let me give a work two ratings instead of one
I hear it's gay pointless edge tho
she looks hotter in her tomboy dyke getup from the beginning ||and end||
Like the kamui actively works against Ryuko's appeal tbh
Kill La Kill made me Uncomfortable
<:NotLikeFist:689188869974786133>
<:Ver:704169051391524875>
and it's a niche that is just woefully underfilled particularly where yuri is concerned
I liked *Akuma no Riddle* a lot it's not the next *Utena* and it wasn't trying to be, but like. It is an Action Romance, it does what an Action Romance needs to do. It gets your heart pounding and gives you the necessary feels
but like
I deleted some unnecessary spoilers I posted yeah
||What you get may be different from what you're expecting tho||
If you really like Chitaru x Hitsugi, though, they *do* come up in the KnR doujins
(*Akuma no Riddle* volume 5 spoilers)||I loved the finale, myself. It was a juicy feels trip||
How did you feel about the romance side of the manga, btw?
Because I feel like the first two or three eps are actually stronger than the early manga (again, especially the fights, but there's also a scene or two with the lead couple in the anime that isn't there in the manga. I feel like the anime does their very first meeting better, for instance)
I'm not sure to what extent its dropping the ball on story/romance is due to the manga not being finished when the anime was made and how much of it is *not* that
and also it's quite a bit more male-gazey
Just, bear in mind it's not as good at things like "story" or "romance"
The anime drops the ball on a lot of shit but I'd say it's worth watching as a companion piece for the fights and music
Like I don't think they're going to get any *official* western localization because, again, doujin, the artist is just doing it on her own and I don't think she's going through the original publisher or anything
The first series has been scanlated in the west and the second has not, but the latter part may change soon
Yeah. I think there are two series of *Koakuma no Riddle* stuffs, one which is just numbered and the other of which is actually named "Room #" depending upon which ship it's about, and they're two separate series
The doujin line is named *Koakuma no Riddle* and expands upon the characters and what happens to them post-epilogue
The artist is actually still doing *Akuma no Riddle* doujin
But I get what they were doing, with the ||canon couples|| and the toybox of fun shippables
Like that's probably the biggest weakness of the manga tbh
Yeah *Akuma no Riddle* was unfortunately a little too short, especially for its large cast
It's pretty rad innit
Like ||they didn't start calling her a boy or using her old name after her ep, she very firmly remained One of the Girls||
Like the show is not subtle about it
Zombie Land Saga spoilers for Lily's arc ||Lily is not a boy, Lily is trans||
Astolfo is a cute femboy husbando. Husbando him all you like
yeah I know
Yeah. My only gripe is that it sort of avoided that thing where Medical Transition Is A Thing. Maybe due to cis people being freaked out by medical transition for some reason, though I don't know *why*
Yeah. And granted, the show didn't use the same terminology we'd use in the real world or bring up medical transition, as unambiguous as it was otherwise
Unfortunately there's a lot of otaku who categorize trans women as "tr*ps" to fit their own fetishes and also because they don't like trans people
Yeah whoever told you that is full of shit
class a what
also spinal trauma
What happened to that poor woman's spine
and went back to, like, the first half of the 20th century
I think it predated that
<@468591607332208641> I'll bear that in mind thanks
Wait, is that yuri?
...any yuri?
And the collector edition box got slashed to like ~$45
The *Bloom Into You* Blu-ray just went on sale on RightStufAnime. Like from $50 or so down to like $23
I need a meme of Chris Hansen going super saiyan for this
<:TsubasaIgnite:672861877407318047>
is this one Actually Gay
https://www.rightstufanime.com/Revue-Starlight-Blu-ray
on sale
for you Revue Starlight stans in the audience
I heard that was *not* really a yuri show
no what is Asteroid
Asteroid?
Am I right that the manga is way longer than the anime? Because from experience, a 12-episode anime is roughly equivalent to a 5-volume manga, and the Magical Girl Site manga is, what, three times that?
||Finished it. Does it continue after this in the manga? Or does the manga just play out very differently? Because I notice that the manga is a *lot* longer than a 12-episode series would be able to cover.||
||thank fuck||
No, no, no, ||Kiyo|| ;.;
Also I'm wondering ||what the connection here is between Kiyo and Tsuyu||
I've heard
I mean, gayer
it's pretty gay tho
||poor Nijima, getting bullied in the middle of class by our lead couple||
kinda liking it
Watching *Magical Girl Site*
<@195044406343106560> rad thank you
I usually buy my yuri because I want for more yuri to be made and the yuri axe is bad
belatedly
*gay comics are not a cheap entertainment medium*
*that's* why it took me this long to get into it
Man I just realized that buying the whole run of Magical Girl Site could see me spending like fucking $150 on gay comics
my bad
oh they're not all out stateside yet
I thought there were *12*
...wait, did you say there are *16* volumes?
OK, so I'm right that it continues well beyond that
OK, not three times. More like roughly 2 and a half times
it's owned by Crunchy but I think it's a different player and I've had more luck with it
Yeah I use VRV instead of Hidive myself
Didn't know
Oh, Hidive is owned by Sentai Filmworks?
VRV better not drop Hidive as a channel anytime soon
and thus more gay shit gets removed to Hidive
_scrolls up_
Just last night I gave her one of those milkbone gnaw treats she always loved, and she went right at it, only for it to turn out that she wasn't strong enough to pull it apart anymore
But at the same time, kidney failure is hitting her really hard. She can barely even eat, *with* medicine to soothe her tummy and strengthen her appetite. She's so weak that sometimes she can hardly stand
I don't want my little girl to die. I wish I'd had her longer--I only inherited her from my mom when she was already ~10, and my mom only got her when she was already ~8
Honestly I've gone and cried on the shoulders of bunches of people. It's just, it feels a little like shoveling handfuls of dirt into a bottomless pit
Thank you
...and now I feel bad about going to take it in there because *hoo boy*
This is probably getting to be a discussion for <#336297840529899522> tho
No matter how old they get, they're still just babies. They could be 20 years old and they'd still be too young to die.
I mean, at least she's going at the ripe old age of nearly 14, but
I hope he's with you for a long, long time
That sounds nice
(PSA: if you have a senior dog, please educate yourself about renal failure and its early symptoms, because it's a common cause of death from old age, it's treatable, and there's a long lead-up period where the symptoms are mild and it's not obvious they're sick until it hits a tipping point and they tank abruptly)
Granted I didn't really know about that until recently because I'm oblivious, but more generally, I've just been thinking about other stuff
(pupper on her way out, etc. <:MikuCry:688397678584791074> )
Sorry I've been dealing with some shit
Wait are you talking about me?
Yeah that sounds like kidney failure all right
She's scheduled for Thursday. The way things are going, it'll be too long, and too soon
...when she gave up, I gave her a softer treat and some peanut butter :(
Oh
Wait, didn't the anime just end, like, partway through the manga
She's also describing the trilogy as a whole and not the first book in particular
I will warn you now that while it's definitely gay it isn't a romance novel
<@186660127825330177>
"I do love stories about how the unflinching love of women for other women is a unifying force for good, and stories that uplift queer strength, but also: What if you made the bun of a burger fried chicken, instead of bread? KFC did that. They called it the Double Down. It is only just now that I realize how funny Double Down is, as a moniker. The Double Down is neither sophisticated nor good and may even worsen conditions you already have. Certainly it is a symbol of excess, and may even be a symbol for the evils of capitalism. Butâ€”the buns are also fried chicken!
I have attempted to write the science-fantasy gay Double Down. No women in these books who look at each otherÂ shouldÂ look at each other. They should go practice radical self-acceptance, get therapy, then marry those wonderful girls who take care of the elephants at the zoo. But theyâ€™re not. Theyâ€™re wielding swords, raising the dead, and having affairs with each other. The buns are also fried chicken."
And a friend of mine shared with me this bit from the author about the series which sold me on it
The Emperor needs necromancers.

The Ninth Necromancer needs a swordswoman.

Gideon has a sword, some dirty magazines, and no more time for undead bullshit.

Brought up by unfriendly, ossifying nuns, ancient retainers, and countless skeletons, Gideon is ready to abandon a life of servitude and an afterlife as a reanimated corpse. She packs up her sword, her shoes, and her dirty magazines, and prepares to launch her daring escape. But her childhood nemesis won't set her free without a service.

Harrowhark Nonagesimus, Reverend Daughter of the Ninth House and bone witch extraordinaire, has been summoned into action. The Emperor has invited the heirs to each of his loyal Houses to a deadly trial of wits and skill. If Harrowhark succeeds she will become an immortal, all-powerful servant of the Resurrection, but no necromancer can ascend without their cavalier. Without Gideon's sword, Harrow will fail, and the Ninth House will die.

Of course, some things are better left dead.
The synopsis!
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/42036538-gideon-the-ninth
The review blurb that made it onto the front cover is "Lesbian necromancers explore a haunted palace in space!"
So *Gideon the Ninth* is a pretty rad book
oh wait it's het nevermind
what are you reading
Also it apparently has two seasons? Or is it a case where Crunchy has both sub and dub versions listed as separate seasons?
She gives me the gay feels
Also Maki <:MikuGay:336656810788388864>
I actually like it
Started watching *Fire Force* recently
Ohhh
Does Tohru ||at least get to ride it||
I don't know how to feel about the fact that I know who you're talking about
"the Yuri Master"
_scrolls up_
Yeah, in Kannazuki no Miko, the center of the love triangle was one of the girls, not the guy.
_scrolls up_
also muscly women
There's a Little Witch Academia game?
So what's Assault Lily on, anyway?
can't they literally just copy VRV's player to Crunchy
Yeah but like
VRV is a Crunchy project so why is Crunchy still using the shit player
Yeah I won't lie I use the VRV player rather than the Crunchy player
First Sentai Filmworks pulls out and sequesters all its stuff on Hidive and now Funi is snapping up all the yuri. Are people trying to shove Crunchyroll off the road or some shit
That's good to hear. I like my yuri anime violently unsubtle
I think I would've liked Kannazuki no Miko more if ||the lesbians actually got in on the mecha action more|| tbh
Yeah that would've been nice
There's something special about larger-than-life love expressed in heroism
||it's why Symphogear XV was such a treat||
I like *heroic* yuri
OK you're not wrong about that
Granted there's SoL yuri that I've liked but like. Is it too much to ask to get some goddamn excitement in my romance
I like my yuri non-SoL and I don't know why SoL yuri has become the standard tbh
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
It smacks of *mythological import*
I won't lie tho I can really get behind the whole ||eternally reincarnating star-crossed lovers theme||
I gotta get back to work for a bit
It's on Hidive
(a note to anyone watching Kannazuki no Miko: there's a stinger after the credits in the final ep that is absolutely critical)
Even if I still like how it ended
IS wot
yeah but how gay is it
that's a fuckin' mood
Also why do people still call me the "yuri master"
Fuck I guess I'll have to read it
Is there something wrong with it?
Yes but what is it and where is it
<@195044406343106560> wait what is this
I might have to resub to Funi to give it a watch one of these days if it really is good
So how did Assault Lily turn out as a yuri anime in the end?
Because I watched the whole-ass anime
Wait, did Sakura Trick have a manga that went on beyond the end of the anime?
See I would have liked to see Haruka and Yuu's relationship continue and deepen
Hey now some of us like edgy gay trash
But was it gay?
Or maybe cute girls doing badass things how about that
BGDCG
Or badass girls doing cute girls
Badass lesbians doing cute girls
Why can't we have more shows that are, like. Badass lesbians doing badass things (and also cute girls)
...and it's gay?
not clicking the thread because mention of spoilers
..what is Shokei Shoujo
maybe Sentai Filmworks will pick it up again and put it on Hidive
Has GX been announced yet?
?
maybe I still have a Hidive free trial
But yeah I'll... have to re-up either VRV or Hidive or s--
I hope so too
especially if the stakes intensify and it gets Heroic as you say
I'll probably have to give it another shot
Which was... what, ep 5 or 6?
like maybe I just need to watch it again, but I didn't entirely get ||the moment where the love interest went from tsuntsun to deredere||
Also I was not really feeling the relationship between the two protagonists
But yeah I wasn't really feeling the *stakes*. Wanting to be a theater star is not necessarily a goal that resonates with me, but if things get more intense in the 7th ep I might need to watch it again
OK so I dropped out right before it got really good apparently
but I will bear that recommendation in mind
I'd heard it was yuri, and I saw it had action in it, but I wasn't really feeling "heroic" from it
I will bear that in mind
I mustered out about halfway through
I should actually finish Revue one of these days
I mean I know about the ||siscon ending||
Brutal how?
but yeah Kannazuki no Miko was trash but I liked it even though there are some pretty major flaws I could poke at
Oh I thought there was a particular AMV you were talking about
What does?
I accidentally stumbled upon the world of 12-year-old Kannazuki no Miko AMVs
ðŸ‘€
You mean it's *more* graphic in the manga?
I mean ||doesn't that happen in the anime too||
OK, maybe it's just the kind of weird-ass anime I'd be remotely interested in that's been getting snapped up by Funi
like every new anime I hear about lately is Funi
seems like Crunchyroll's otherwise been losing a whole lot of shit to Funi this season
(stan Lily)
fuck yes
Wait the new season of Zombie Land Saga is dropping in April?
Aren't the JP releases already out since like forever
I'm surprised Discotek hasn't gone in on GX already considering Symphogear is apparently selling very well for them right now
_scrolls up_
OK, fair point, the site administrators are trans-positive villains
OK yeah a lot of countries won't let you access it
also I admit one of the things I found a bit odd about Lily in ZLS was like. the way the show just kind of ignores medical transition being a thing, but
though I'm definitely splitting hairs
I'm not 100% sure how to feel about Magical Girl Site. Like I really appreciate that it had a trans character, and *part of me* appreciates that it also shows ||that men can actually use magical girl artifacts just fine actually||, but I almost feel like the former would've had more gravity without the latter
like
that is its trigger warning
"Yes"
look I'll give you the Utena trigger warning
there is a lot of fucking Wrongo Bongo in there
just... be forewarned
god Utena was fucking absolutely batshit
Just don't say I didn't warn you.
OK good
<@!454822882045067298> Have I scared you off yet
Honestly it's mostly like mainstream monotheistic religion that gets kicked around by this trilogy
https://www.dreamspinnerpress.com/books/valhalla-6643-s
*here you go*
but yeah! if what I've described so far sounds up your alley and you want to inject a syringe of Holy Fuck directly into your brainstem here you go
two is that if you're religious you may actually want to give them a pass because they do kind of take a dim view of organized religion
like just. *extremely*
I'll add two things: one is people are actively surprised by how violent these books are
anyway, I mentioned Trigger Warning: Yes
like this trilogy may have introduced me to Therion
Also on rereading it you can play spot the metal references and maybe get introduced to some really good metal you hadn't heard before
It's difficult for me to really get into some of the stuff that really sets this trilogy apart because Spoilers, but suffice it to say, it does some *really* bold shit with its narrative. Like stuff that most stories just really couldn't pull off but this one does. It's a fine example of how art has rules *but* you can break them if you do it right.
book two, *Ragnarok*: "After a year spent hunting for Mishka and Wulfgar, V team is no closer to finding them. If they're going to locate their nemeses, they're going to have to break some rules. As they begin their most dangerous mission yet, the stakes grow higher than they ever imagined as they uncover not only the subjects of their hunt, but the greatest threat the Earth has ever known.

To save the planet, their path will take them across the globe, across the solar system, and deeper into their relationships with each other than they've ever dared to look. Sacred bonds will be tested, the closest alliances will fall, and Violet will come face-to-face with a far more daunting and dangerous challenge than saving the planetâ€”her growing love for Vibekeâ€”a love that could be her salvation, or the cause of her ultimate downfall."
(Wulfgar is a very fun villain)
first book, *Valhalla*: "Violet MacRae is one of the aimless millions crowding northern Scotland. In the year 2230, where war is obsolete and only brilliant minds are valued, she emerges into adulthood with more brawn than brains and a propensity for violence. People dismiss her as a relic, but world peace is more fragile than they know.

In Valhalla, a clandestine base hidden in an icy ravine, Violet connects with a group of outcasts just like her. There, she learns the skills she needs to keep the world safe from genetically enhanced criminals and traitors who threaten the first friends sheâ€™s ever known. She also meets Wulfgar Kray, a genius gang leader who knows her better than she knows herself and who would conquer the world to capture her.

Branded from childhood as a useless barbarian, Violet is about to learn the world needs her exactly as she is."
let me fetch the official synopses for the first couple of books (the synopsis for the third could be considered spoilery though I saw it before I started reading the series and it didn't ruin anything for me tbh, though in general this is a *very* spoilable series so be careful)
it does some really interesting things with the Tikari (that's what the cool weapons are called!) in the third book and I actually spoke with the author and was like "how far ahead were you planning this?" and apparently he wasn't really, when he originally invented them he just wanted to make weapons cooler than (I forget exactly what things got referenced in this conversation)
over-the-top, even
Oh it is
this is crazy sci-fi shit
Like they're all custom. Every Valkyrie gets to choose their own type of weapon and what insect it's modeled after in its drone form
the Valkyries (the book lampshades that the correct term would be Einherjar but it's the 23rd century and Valkyries sounds cooler and no one gives a shit so they all use Valkyries as basically a gender-neutral term for members of Valhalla) all get sick as hell transforming knives-cum-spy drones that they can hide in a cavity in their chest. this description doesn't really do them justice
it has really cool weapons tho
Nope!
also this trilogy has no status quo, except the plot to Move
In the sense that it is very strongly inspired by it. It's set in a universe where there is pretty clearly no supernatural phenomena
also did I mention it's basically cyberpunk Norse mythology
they are basically supersoldiers in what's basically a paramilitary organization trying to keep the corporate hellscape that is Earth from having a blowout somewhere and getting catastrophically worse than it already is
it is about a violent Scottish lunatic named Violet MacRae, her love interest Vibeke Dyrsdatter, and their brothers-in-arms Veikko and Varg. They are Team Valknut
it is also the least gentle shit I have ever read
the kind where major plot twists in the third book are being set up from the earliest pages of the first. that kind of shit
and also funny as hell and absolutely batshit and held together with duct tape and excellent writing
it is ultraviolent high-action gay heavy metal Norse mythology cyberpunk science fiction
there is. there is a fucking lot here, give me some time to wrap my thoughts around it
All right, let me try and come up with a synopsis
However, Trigger Warning: Yes
the *Valhalla* trilogy (*Valhalla, Ragnarok*, and *Gudsriki* in that order) by Ari Bach
Well it's novels, western, and visibly far more inspired by heavy metal than anime, but
(though I have friends who call it the best story they will never read again which, like, fair)
ngl I go on and on about Heroic Yuri and it might be my Special Interest and all but that one antiheroic yuri trilogy I read is still, like, one of the absolute best stories I've ever read
(can you tell why XV is my favorite season)
(also *heroic* action romance yuri)
I do appreciate how one of the few action romance yuri animes is widely considered one of the best action romance animes in general tho
It's in good company tho, I think the only media I've seen that exceeds it in terms of fucked-up-ness (and matches it in terms of handling it well) is the *Valhalla* trilogy, which was *excellent*
but yes also really fucked up. handles it well, but still really fucked up
it's a confusing fucking show
maybe "just assume it's in there"
Utena: Trigger Warning: "Yes"
I'm digging that one of Fate in a tux bridal carrying Nanoha ngl
_squint._
Also it's named for ||the love between Bikky and her GF||
what is it with yuri animu and absolute bangers (this is a remix but the original is still a banger) https://youtu.be/vCj2a5DSqDI
I already have nice wired headphones that I like
I need wireless earbuds
those are wired headphones
I don't need wired ones
_clicku_
OK, how much would you recommend spending? I can go over $50 as long as they're actually good and they'll last
I mean, the earbuds I'm using now are like, $20 wired ones
I imagine. ._.
anyone got any recommendations for cheap wireless earbuds? the wire on my current pair gets in the way a lot when I'm listening at work
also, stupid question time
I mostly know them for their original stuff. And, again, getting covered by Johnny Cash.
I didn't think that was a thing they did a lot of tbh
aaaand that album is *30 years old* holy shit I feel ancient
But like NIN was Kind of a Big Deal when I was your age
Nine Inch Nails is more famous for songs of theirs that got covered by *someone else* (particularly, Johnny Cash's cover of "Hurt") than for songs they covered
they largely did original songs
No, Nine Inch Nails was something else entirely
Wow you really are what, 15?
it's a very un-Bikky song but I could see the interpretation for "blindly, maybe even obediently" in love
https://youtu.be/Xbp0qm-x1v8
from the discussion on Saint Germain's specifications for the recipient of the divine power to be a maiden "blindly and obediently" in love
it's one of the few songs which I feel like the super growly vocals actually work, but purely on a personal basis I still like singing better
it is pretty great
the Amon Amarth original or the Sabaton cover?
which is the better version of Twilight of the Thunder God
<@!471416654346321930> TELL ME
holy shit someone else who could answer my burning question
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSoCmnWpkWn8LeueobepWdCZD1NqBH7Tf
(or Spotify for that matter)
oh wait the restraining factor is how hard it is to find Geah songs on Youtube
...I appreciate that you're not second-guessing me on whether Symphogear is yuri tbh
About which part?
What?
(I have to exercise restraint where Symphogear is concerned tho because otherwise it'd probably be like half the list)
So I've realized that there's enough fodder for the question "what is it with yuri anime and absolute bangers" that I could just make a whole-ass playlist
https://youtu.be/mU1kHBbObnI
(IMO, "Twilight of the Thunder God" is one of the songs that Amon Amarth's very growly vocal style actually works for, but I still prefer the Sabaton cover having actual singing in it.)
<@!87512939107450880> I have, on more than one occasion, actually asked someone "Which version of 'Twilight of the Thunder God' do you think is better: the Sabaton cover or the Amon Amarth original?"
