dess_$
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_$
dess_timely
I mean, best girl was a natural choice
👋
solopy just got rekt
Can confirm, there is some nice stuff in there 👌
👋
This mah boi Zoroc111, y'all be *relatively* nice
Yeah it's a welcome back. Had some issues to work through, decided now is time to start getting back into things
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Pixel art is real hard. Been trying to design a character for a game I'm working on. Got the first draft, finally
My name is...wait a minute...
My name is PenutReaper and this is my favourite image dump on the Citadel
My name is PenutReaper and this is my favourite image dump on the Citadel
Miku > logic?
Yeah, like how in the world do you put that on/take it off since it all seems attached to itself all over the place
I'm a little unsure how Chris' outfit above works, but it's too good for me to really care
It autocorrected. I'm on mobile right now. Pls forgive
Chris/Maria is my favourite pairing. You did a good thing here Kerrik
I see a Chris. I see thigh highs. I am happy
why can you see the picture file name on mobile but not desktop?

eh, merc/emerald are as involved as torchwick and he's a villain
Torchwick/Neo were somewhat interesting, but they screwed that up
Ruby was 15 at the start of Season 1, every other character in RWBY/JNPR was 17 at the start
Yang is the same age as the rest of the cast though, the only character in the main cast she is really older than is Ruby because Ruby was moved ahead 2 years by Ozpin
The Red Trailer is still my favourite bit of Monty
They apparently threw out a bunch of the stuff that Monty had planned for season 3 and on. A guy that worked closely with Monty released a memo explaining how RoosterTeeth messed up the later series
Doesn't Japan use YMD as their date format, so 913 would be correct for September the 13th...
I kinda just want to see Hibiki friendship punch a god in the face
Is that Ketchup? was brilliant
DMJii have been throwing out some crazy combos for fun this season
That made me smile so much
The important thing is that Red Hot Blaze got one
Jeez, I was expecting something but sure not that. That was hype as hell
Wow. This season man, this season
G FIS, I think would have an issue with Daedalus End
Politics right now is split into three major groups, the left care about equality the most, the right care about typically conservative values and traditionalism and the centre care about personal freedoms.
That's *MAJORLY* simplifying, as each of the three has dozens of subgroups with some overlap, but it's a start
That's how we name our pets and it works well enough. 🤷
I've actually been looking for a new alias, but I think it can be better to let the name come to you
I was playing and wanted to stick a graphic on my in game guitar. Thet had a peanut with a scythe and cloak that I thought was funny. Then when I signed up for something I spelt it wrong and it stuck
I got my username from Rockband.
The only time you can stop fights is if all the people fighting *want* to stop. By the sounds of it, that's not going to happen
That sounds like my secondary/High school life. Not a healthy experience at all
I've been through a few rough times and got helped out and so I try to pay it forward, you know.
I doubt it'd be that easy in practice, but like I said previously you can always shoot me a private message if you want a chat, or just someone to rant at.
Sounds a little echo chamber-y. I'd say just take whoever it is you can and do still want to talk to and just ignore everyone else. Life's too short to spend it slinging shit, you spend it smiling instead
You should pass that on to whoever it is being targetted too. They should cut ties with the harassers however they can. You can give them my discord/twitter too if they need someone to talk to.
I honestly think that, while it might be hard right now, cutting those people out of your life will probably leave you happier in the long term.
I would also be aware that different meds affect people differently so it might take a few tries to find the drug that works best for you. I have a friend that takes fluoxetine and it works for him but it gave me paranioa and hallucinations
Be careful on antidepressants. They can start increasing your motivation before they increase your mood. If you were feeling suicidal before but lacked the motivation to go through with it it can be the thing that pushes you over the edge.
You'd think that the right wingers with all their talk of the free market would be all for a free market of ideas.
And honestly, I don't know what the solution is.
The problem is, if you leave a lot of shit in a box you ain't dealing with the problem. You still have a box of shit to deal with
I think there is an element of the flat earth thing, some people started joking around and the next guy takes it seriously and the next guy even more so and so on
afaik incels are a relatively recent phenomenon, that just happens to overlap with an edge of nerd culture. Any large group will have those with extreme views. All we can really do is work to make it clear that we all don't condone incel behaviour, not just within nerd culture but in society in general.
I think that any forum like discord or reddit that lets you hide behind a username usually lets you see the worse of people. There is an element of disassociation between your actions and the actions of the digital you. That's no excuse for some of the utterly digusting things people do and say though.
I can think you should have a right to express your ideas without agreeing with any of your ideas.
ibu brings up a good point, there is also the issue of people bringing up things said in the past as if they are still relevent today. I might have thought that gay marriage should be illegal in the past, as an example, but changed my view and have people bringing up quotes and such that I no longer believe myself.
You can hold whatever ideas you like, as long as you don't try to force them upon others. At least as far as I'm concerned. And others are allowed to think of you and your ideas what they want.
The issue is that the extreme right and left are both playing a game of who can be the most extreme. Essentually it's polarised politics and made the us vs them more apparant than it otherwise would be. When was the last time a discussion on an online forum didnt break out into cries of "Nazi" and "SJW"?
Maybe one day we'll hit type 1.
You might think I'm joking but I'm not. What we need is an alien attack. Nothing brings people together like a common enemy
I'm a Brit though, so I'd get someone from your side of the pond to double check that.
A quick google suggests it shouldn't be too much of a hassle as long as y'all have the right documentation with you.
Huh, someone at work noticed this yesterday after our it manager told us all to stick a screensaver on. I'll have to keep my eye out for updates.
Every awful person that has existed in our history has had one thing in common. They've been Human.
They've been greedy, selfish and sometimes evil.

But on the other hand, the greatest people that have ever lived have had one thing in Common. They've been Human.
They've been giving, selfless and sometimes heroic.

We'll always have both types, the awful people never stop being awful but sometimes the good people stop being good.
The good people get complacent, if the world appears to be at peace to them what is there left to do.
It's at these times the awful people start to take control until the good people come to their senses once again.

Just my 2 cents
I'm pretty sure that Gibraltar wants to be part of the UK, IIRC
I'm vastly oversimplifying things, I'll be the first person to admit that
Me and my close friends often make jabs at each other. But if it came down to it I know they'd have my back and vice versa.
Theres an ISO standard for 2 letter country codes. I was literally looking up one of them the other dat for work. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2
Man, I'm a pretty chill person normally but that arguement really annoys me.
Just let the people vote again. The situation has very much changed.
Champagne is a protected name, like Cornish Pasty
```The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don’t always soften the bad things, but vice versa, the bad things don’t always spoil the good things and make them unimportant.``` That quote from Doctor Who is surprising really applicable to real life considering it's a cheesy sci-fi show
My mother works in a pharmacy here and apparantly for can't get masks or hand gel for love nor money
If they are obsessing over them as it sounds they are, I'd say sit down with them and talk about it seriously with them. I've not experienced the same thing but when I've experienced major anxiety or depression in the past I've been at least partly aware that the was irrational but too worried or proud to ask for help.

If they are aware in a similar way then you may be able to convince them to delete the pictures or let you do it. Oftentimes I find that getting started doing a thing is the hardest part.

Other than that all I can say is be an unjudgemental person to listen to whatever they want to say. Again, I can only go off my own experiences and I've not been in anything resembling a close relationship but when I forst started having mental health issues it took literally months to ask for help, while I should have spoken to family and seen a doctor sooner. If it wasn't for my manager at the time being one of the nicest people I think I've ever met I don't know what I would have ended up doing.
I bet they'd rethink it once a few of their bank accounts were emptied or something similar inevitably occurred
Out of a kind of morbid curiosity I kind of want to see them actually ban it and the resulting chaos.  It's one of the most ridiculous things politicians still suggest.
I'm still disappointed about Brexit getting through. I voted Lib dem and remain.

I don't know enough about the Irish situation to comment, but I think avoiding conflict is important.

The British Empire happened and there's no changing that now. I think there is a degree of irony in the fact people pining for the British Empire don't see the benefit of staying in a union that gives us more power on the global stage.
I actually love that song.
I wish they had stuck to the manga for Fuuka. *sigh*
I need to get on it and actually watch his older stuff.
Shinkai is so good at what he does
I'm awful at stuff like directors and such, but I keep an eye out for a Sawano soundtrack where I can.
The movie for Fate Illya was pretty good too.
I didn't know it was getting an anime because I'm behind in the manga. That and Kaguya-sama in the same season are making me a happy fellow.
Also Miku is best quintuplet.
That's just personal preference though
I look more for a good song than good animation in an ed, same as I do with an op
The only shows that come to mind with a great ed are Psycho Pass and Beyond the Boundary
That show is great, and the freakin OP. Everytime I listen to it, it gets stuck in my head for days
Probably both. I'll see how much I get through this week
Got this week off work, nothing to actually do til Friday. Might as well
It's been on my radar for ages, but I've been busy
I think it's time to finally watch Nanoha
Wear is probably my favourite, then Absolute Territory. Basically everything he's released is great though
Abnormalize 👌
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apHZxVP9F40&list=PLtffzqI_TqEk5kHOEv4U36NEQusBJSWrT
I doubt any of y'all have heard of this album before, pretty feel good folksy country pop...
actually, have some Eve too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nROvY9uiYYk
This song is super catchy
Saw this guys live a couple of weeks ago, was pretty rad:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rZWdolJfgk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D199Zpv6d6M
Playing that one Final Fantasy rhythm game makes me think it could be cool.
A rhythm/combat rpg is on my list of games I want to build eventually
I've been slacking for a few days thanks to irl so I'm probably way behind y'all now though

Kar a qt
It might take time for the RNG to reach you
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ TAKE MY RNG  ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ <@138131889142628352>
I think I've only had fish and chips in the UK though so your milage may vary
We tend to get a brown paper bag with the chips pre salted/vinegared, then wrapped in white paper. Any extras like fish, battered sausage or fish cakes would be wrapped in seperate white paper to make it easy to portion out when you got home
To be fair, I live in a pretty working class city. Our chippies aren't exactly fancy so maybe thats it. <:KanadeShrug:278012179419234304>
I'm not big on tartare either, just not a fan of it
That's true, I guess I should have said "non-brewed condiment"...
That's not how you serve fish and chips, the proper way is salt and vinegar and maybe the lemon if you are being fancy. At least for proper chip shop fish and chips
eh, I'm not too fussed. The DLC makes it like the same price as a regular game anyways
yup
yeah
I think I will, after this tea cools down enough to drink
I'm tempted to stream some cross tag, but at the same time I'm not very good, but at the same time that could make it funnier. <a:thinkopera:402070203267022878>
I want a geah game, but I doubt it'll happen any time soon
And who knows, I might even win a match one day. :+1:
I dunno, I'll keep an eye out for issues I guess.
I've only played a couple matches online, but had no issues so far. 🤷
It's a fighting game with characters from BlazBlue, Persona 4 Arena, Under Night In-Birth and RWBY
Oh. BlazBlue Cross Tag Battle
?
dang, cross tag is super fun
I'm 23 and in full time work, it's not that much money right now
That makes it a little less bad
https://steamcommunity.com/games/702890/announcements/detail/1671279082022690290
I've been playing Ruby as my primary so far and enjoying it, and I've tried Es and Linne as second so far
I'm still trying to work out who my second char is going to be
Yeah, I saw that. Still I'm enjoying the game so I don't mind
Nier: Automata was the official PenutReaper game of the year for 2017
It's the japanese version of weoght of the world that gets me. You can hear the singer start crying during the song.
which the other side, the pripri one?
