Welcome! <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
Welcome :3
Thanks ^^



Shh what ears? They're exotic tufts of hair :p
🦊  ^^
My Final Fantasy XIV character with her fox mount ^^ 
I went for a Fox themed glam, and a Shrine maiden look.
That's far from simple when people focus on insignificant differences. A person should be judged by their character, not skin color or where they're born.
I often hear talks about black people this, Asian people that, white people that etc. Those barriers must be torn down. We're all humans
Equality is achieved by tearing down oppressive laws, oppressive outlooks on people.
I stand for true equality between all people and races, equality is not achieved by excluding someone or giving special rights to some groups.
Things like diversity quotas or believe women. It's not much yet but oppression always starts small.
Just my two cents on the discussion here xD
Here's why free speech matters, even if it is speech you do not care for. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiqDZlAZygU
Cultural Marxism if you do not know is an idea that all cultures are equal except for the culture you wish to overthrow. Cultures are not equal, some cultures have terrible inhumane traditions. The world had progressed at a different pace
Don't get me wrong, I disagree a lot on stuff like gun control and ecocomics, but when it comes to cultural marxism and the erosion of liberties and institutional racism and sexism against men and white people I am 100% against.
Real life is complicated, I as a socialist used to hate the right wing but today I can see where they're coming from on some stuff.
Wow this was sad to read, I can relate to the memories thing... It really helps, hang on there, hope remains even when it is darkest, you just can't see it.
Liberalism is the idea that everyone is responsible for their own welfare/happiness. In other words... If you're downtrodden, too bad
I simply disagree it should be done on a racial basis but on a basis of poor and socially on need.
You're confusing equality with liberalism. Equality is about giving all an equal chance, so yes it includes helping those downtrodden to get assistance to get up.
We do not get on the same page by not talking to each other and not understanding each other.
Please be respectful, just because we disagree doesn't mean we have to be mean. In the end do we not all want to get along and wish for equality?
Names are not always correct.
I have not, but das kapital isn't about cultures. Cultural marxism has nothing to do with marx
Omg... Are you serious??
It's a real ideology look it up.
Also cultural marxism is a real thing, nazi conspiracy nom withstanding.
You're quite ignorant if you seriously believe that. The moment someone is treated differently because of their race... It's racism. Doesn't matter if you're white or not.
Denmark. We have a social democratic system here. People in need get welfare assistance, anyone gets education paid for by the state, taxation is on a percentage.
I come from a country that works quite differently, and guess what? Everyone has a shot there.
And why do they get hired less? Who is the one in charge of hiring them? Could it be the rich people who refuse ab equal taxation system?
It was to state the example.
We should help those in need no matter who they are
How is it incorrect? Why does... Say a rich African American kid deserve aid more than a poor white kid?
I believe in free education and welfare.
That should be given on a case to case basis, not to groups
There's still marginalised groups.
Ofc things aren't perfect yet
I never said that.
Utopias are not created by more oppression but by creating equality and giving all a free start.
But these days everything is radicalised.
However, language is complicated and words have power... Letting bad actors hijack the English language should not be acceptable
Must have been horrible
I see I am sorry to hear that Shemmy :(
Always remember intent. I've made it clear I am actually leftist. I do agree on some points the rights have... I was horrified by the Amber heard trial or Vic mignogna... Or diversity quotas where qualified people were rejected because of their skin color... That just terrifies me and to me it will never be morally right.
It's hard to have this discussion on my phone tbh.
Medicare was a good start sadly sabotaged by the republicans.
Well... Some people do, I consider them central bordering right.
Not at all, you think billionaire white Democrats care about poor people?
Not only are people being radicalised and turned against each other by rich people on both sides... But they're setting up things that seriously undermine the liberty of the state, and claim it as a solution.
The US is incredibly corrupt
Ofc not and that's the issue.
The 1%
The ones who are losing are the rich.
The nazis will not lose anything, they'd simply have to accept an equal society
People like trump.
And no they're not nazis, they simply have no interest in giving up the wealth or privilege.
Who is really against it? People on power.
Nazis are a small minority.
The government exists to serve the people.
By the people. That's what I argue for with social democracy.
Those systems must obviously be restructured.
Anyway goodnight for real this time
I don't :3
I support the protest
I chose to add too to clarify the message. It's my choice, the essence of it doesn't change
From an outside perspective it looks like a racist black supremacist slogan, and it's why a lot of international people reply with : no, all lives matter
Nope it's emphasising it. The point is rn they don't matter
I for one want to be clear on where I stand with itm nah its up to them.
Which is why I prefer to use that to get the point across and not cause confusion. Oh trust me it is... The fights I've seen about people dueling over alm vs blm were big
By adding too you emphasise they matter too, as opposed to not mattering. While all lives matter seems to push aside the problem
Words have power.
Anyway gn I'm too tired for this x3
It excludes no one and gets the point across that black lives were excluded by the police
I personally use : "black lives matter too"
When the efforts to provide equity hurts innocent people it is... And we'll discuss it tomorrow if you wish
Such are my beliefs.. Anyway goodnight
I fixate on all racism for it is always wrong.
I doubt we'll agree on this, but we can hopefully agree that all innocent people should be treated well and with dignity. Let's leave it at that.
Look up the definition of racism
And I'm not saying that to be mean, it is factually wrong.
Wrong.
That's... The literal definition of racism
Furthermore it is incredibly arrogant to demand I change my world view and my beliefs to align with American politics.
I was as clear as possible... Let me  specify my beliefs: 1. I believe in free healthcare, 2. I believe in free education, 3. I believe in welfare for the vulnerable, 4. I believe all races are equal and anyone can be the victim of racism because I've been the victim of racism, and I am white.
Social democracy is a branch of socialism.
I think I'll do just that, I joined this server to enjoy Symphogear with fellow fans, not to debate politics.
It just hurts to be labelled I guess, but thank you Lily.
Indeed... I am a Social Democrat, I believe in racial equality, democracy, freedom, compassion, love, empathy, a welfare state, tolerance and striving to be a good person...
Then again I did say I would end the discussion, I guess I lost my cool, my apologies :/
I just resent being labelled as a nazism when I am as far away from those view points as possible...I frankly find it extremely offensive.
I am not, I am simply stating facts. One can hate jews without being a Nazi, you'd just be a terrible racist person.
As said, Nazism is a specific ideology.
That may be true, but not always...Some people simply blame Jews for all the ills of the world, it still doesn't make them Nazis, just discriminatory bad people.
They literally have concentration camps, are committing ethnic cleansing of minorities, consider themselves the superior people with a divine right to rule over others and put the Party before the state.
Being antisemitic does not make you a Nazi, Nazism is an ideology of not only racial supremacy but racial purity, eugenics, divine heritage and party before the state. In fact the closest state today to a Nazist state is ironically China.
And my family
My country has.
I am in no way doing so and I resent the implication.
As someone from Europe who has suffered under real Nazism, I know a deal about it. My country was occupied by the Nazis, and terrible atrocities were done here in their name.
It is not, but what you perceive as Nazism is not Nazism, it is either Fascism or quite simply Racism. The KKK are Racist forexample, not Nazist.
And the differences between them, and no I have no "predatory" nature.
While it does look at it from an European perspective, it does state what each ideology actually entails.
Had some lunch and came back to take a look if things settled down, I do not want to leave things in such a confused state, so I'll address some more pointers before hopping out again. First, for Shemmy: https://www.jagranjosh.com/general-knowledge/what-is-the-difference-between-fascism-and-nazism-1553251239-1 

And I agree with you Lankpants, there's definitely people with fascist ideology out there in the US and fascism is horrible just as communism is, all forms of authoritarianism taking away the freedom of people and condemning them is an abomination. But I still stand by the fact that people can be reasoned with, in fact educating people and in turn understanding why they think as they do is the key to change their mind for the better.

On your second point I agree with you that the philosophy itself is important and it is good abused women have come out, a lot of predators were convicted, but as you pointed out, it is being used for vigilantism today and that is the problem. Claims should absolutely be taken seriously and investigated...But that's the thing, they need to be investigated. Someone writing on twitter that a guy tried to rape her 4 years ago is NOT justification to tear that person apart without evidence that any crime was committed other than someone's story, because people can and do lie. People cite "Believewomen" as justification for Depp and Mignogna, and that's why I am iffy on it. I am more friendly on the slogal "MeToo" as that does not connote one should believe someone without evidence, and as slated...misunderstandings do happen because people can take slogans like that literally...

Anyway Imma tap out of this again. Thank you for being respectful ❤️
I'm not going to post in this chat more until things blow over, but it saddens me that you ignore the content of my message and try to twist it to something horrible.
Normally I would write to you that you solve nothing by putting people into boxes and accusing them. You're not in my mind, I am left wing, I am against racism. Nazism has been dead outside of fringe extremist circles since the fourties. That is a fact. A racist is not a nazist. But I did decide to end this, so all I'll say is this: You're not going to achieve anything with hate. Love is the way.
<:KirikaHeart:738932018116821034>
My final point, and the most important one is this:
"a belief that race is the primary determinant of human traits and capacities and that racial differences produce an inherent superiority of a particular race"

This is the definition of racism. Racism is not a "ruling" race discriminating on "lessers", that is infact an extremely racist view to hold.

Racism is when you look at human beings differently because of their race. Instead of seeing a person you see black/white/brown etc.
As long as people are put into boxes based on characteristics of their appearance, racism will never end...And someone will continue to be discriminated.
This is why I see people as people. Your race doesn't matter to me, not because I don't care about what past injustices a group had been exposed to, but because I wish to end
future injustices, and that is only done by realizing we're all people even if we look different, sapient thinking beings with the capacity for love.


With that said, I think this is where I get off, I want to focus on what we share...Being gear fans, being people, and having fun together.
And that is something that brings joy into people's lives. I may post here again if someone needs counseling but I will not engage in politics again.
Thank you all for being so understanding and helpful during the debate yesterday, I have learned a lot and I will try to moderate my language in the future.
If anyone were offended, know that I did not mean to offend, my message and my concepts were wholly positive. Remember that compassion, empathy and love is the way.
The second matter I want to bring up, is the whole "Nazi" thing.
That term serves to demonize the opposition. While it is true that Neo Nazis are a thing, they are in truth a small minority, most right winged people just see and believe in different things but they're not jew hating monsters.
You were lucky that I am actually a socialist, and that my end goal is a fair society.

If I was right wing politically, I would have looked at some of you as radicalized leftists and quit the debate because some people became overly hostile to me and began to talk without listening when I was only trying to point out my points, and that's how the right wing portrays the left, as crazy people calling everyone Nazis. I know you're not like that though, because I can empathize  and understand where some of you came from.
Symphogear actually carries a beautiful message within it...Reach out to others, try to understand them, because humans can understand each other. The same is true here.
Hibiki would not have punched "Nazis", she'd have reached out to them and tried to make them see the error of their ways.

Most of what you call "Nazis" are just normal people who have either been misled by extremists or who genuinely believe what they say without ulterior motive.
Yes, people exist who genuinely believe these things without having anything with Jew hate or minority hate, they simply believe in a different of setting society up
and if you look into their message it is not as monstrous as you'd believe. In the end, they are humans, they feel emotions, love, joy, anger etc. just as the rest of us.

We're all people here, that is what I try to bring across. Racism will never end as long as people continue to focus on races. Injustices must end no matter who they target, and racists must be punished.
But it is important to remember they are people, maybe misled people, but people nonetheless and people can be reasoned with.
After reading KryptKatcher's comment I actually feel the same... I got drawn into a debate which only soured my mood and it didn't solve much, not here anyway, so I think I am going to pull out from political discourse as well, before I do that though I wish to clarify some points.

Someone asked me "what's wrong with believe women" at the time I was on my phone and was unable to elucidate. What's wrong with believe women is exactly the same thing that's wrong with believe men...Due process exists for a reason. While it is true that me too has exposed some real predators like Bill Cosby and Harvey Weinstein, in the end it is extremely abusable. Women aren't automatically angels, they are human, and have the same flaws as others... The case of Amber Heard vs Johnny Depp has shown this. Her accusations were iffy to begin with, but now that the trial is out and all the evidence is coming out, it is only showing how blatantly flawd this concept is. An innocent man has essentially lost his job, become discredited as a wife beater and a monster when it was actually Amber who was the violent one...But because of the "Believe women" ideal, Johnny was guilty until proven innocent instead of the other way around and that is wrong... Vic Mignogna is another case, where his coworkers forged evidence and conspired to oust him as a pedo. The people in the picture later came out and spoke out, saying their pictures had been used without consent and Vic did nothing to them...Yet the poor guy is banned from most conventions, has been lost his job and the media labels him as a pedo due to the slander. That's my problem with believe women, it leads to kangaroo courts judging people guilty before they have been proven to be so. Any woman can come out 8 years later and say there was some kind of harassment and it can get a man's life ruined... Now imagine if a man could do that to a woman? All it takes is some empathy to see that this is wrong.
What I wrote?
But I guess I am just scared :/
I agree that abusers must be stopped...
Ok imagine the other way around...If a male could accuse you of abusing him, and then because of his words, you'd get fired from your job and treated like a monster...without proof.
Especially when such cases do pop up.
I do see that, but I still cannot support convicting people without evidence. I am terrified of some woman out of nowhere making up an accusation about me and then my life is ruined...You can see why that is scary no?
As I stated yesterday, rich people hold power.
I never said I wasn't for that? I am tired of you putting words in my mouth.
Convicting people on words alone is essentially that, no? I am all for investigating alleged rapists and abusers.
As for the Nazism thing...I agree it may be more severe than I thought :/ I'll look into it Shemmy ok?
I'm sorry if you disagree but that is my belief.
Words alone are NOT evidence.
Otherwise I wouldn't support me too, HOWEVER, I will NEVER be able to support convicting people to jail without evidence.
I am well aware of the real cases.
Hmm...I see Shemmy, that is very very troubling...
And I do not, because it can be horribly abused.
Indeed, but the solution is not to go and automatically find people guilty either.
Not yet anyway, it takes time to expose all the abusers.
Why do I say it is a fringe ideology? Because real Neo Nazis are probably less than 1% of the US population. 1% of 300 million may seem like a lot of people... But it is still a small minority.
But I am saying you can't convict people without any proof. Due process is a thing.
Shemmy that's not what I am saying.
That's not what I mean, but it means things must be investigated.
Nazism is not real anymore, Neo Nazism is real but it is a fringe ideology.
If multiple witnesses come forth and confirm a case, then you have something. That's what the Metoo movement achieved.
People who flat out don't believe women are misogynists probably then. I don't believe in years old accusations without proof, I wouldn't if they came from anyone including men. I do however recommend an investigation because a real predator doesn't just assault one woman.
I'm sorry to hear that Lily :/
Ok so...I've dug a bit deeper into things, I apologize it does seem like it may have been a fabrication. I simply thought it was a fringe extremist ideology.
I'll do some research on the matter, honestly I've mostly heard of it from second hand sources, if you are correct then...I'll apologize and stand corrected, stand by.
You will not find right wingers who preach Nazism either. If Cultural Marxism exists then it is an extremist underground ideology scorned by normal people, just like Nazism.
and those are facts I can back up with evidence.
And I literally stated a few paragraphs before that I support the metoo movement, I am iffy on believewomen as it's been abused for witch hunts on innocent people.
I have done no such thing Lily, I am a supporter of black lives matter.
Don't get me wrong, If you can show me it is a conspiracy or a fabrication I will believe you.
Can you show me a source that it is not real? I've seen people subscribed to the ideology in groups.
Racism exists against everyone...Cultural marxism is a real ideology and some people do follow it just as some follow Nazism.
When did I ever deny rape survivors?
They're not Nazi talking points, they're my genuine beliefs and there is no hidden meaning behind them.
Also to note I am not a supporter of "The Third Way"
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_democracy It's literally tagged under Socialism.
I believe in capitalism with a political socialist system to keep the worst flaws of capitalism in check.
I am not an economic socialist, Plan economy does not work.
If the US didn't spent almost all of it's budget on the military this would be possible.
Imagine that, no matter where you're born, poor or rich, everyone has an equal right to higher education funded by the state.
That is true, but I believe such a system will lead to a healthy society overtime.
He actually wants to switch to such a model.
Sadly Bernie was once against not chosen :/
Not overnight, but overtime yes...
Sadly yes, Denmark has it's own brand of "racists"
You still have rich people, but they're nowhere as entrenched.
Do what?
I believe that should serve as a model for the rest of the world.
In my country, you do not have an economic elite like that, and due to the social democratic welfare state, ANYONE can get into higher education, anyone has an equal shot.
What we must do is look to the future and ensure that stops.
That's not possible, because that would be unfair to the current owners... If we go by that line of thought no one would own anything today, Human history is built on taking things from others.
They sent their children to private schools, raising them different from others, sends them into politics or economic school, and those people become politicians and CEOs.
?? It's a fact, people like the Trumps and Kennedys and Bushs...
The US is one example where you need to tear it all down and rebuild it.
The US economy is controlled by dynasties who have held those position for over a century.
No it is the right way around, give everyone an equal opportunity to get into college, into jobs, into universities...
Economic Equity leads to Social Equality.
not to mention free education for all
I do believe in a percentage tax system, and welfare for vulnerable groups.
Social Equality is different from Economic Equality.
or close family members.
No they should go to the police.
No, I am not, but I do hold values.
What can I morally support? Listening to all cases, investigating them thoroughly, and then seeking the truth from there.
One where all people are considered equal. And I simply cannot morally support this.
I know a perfect society is impossible, but I will never stop striving towards a fair society, one without racism or injustice.
I doubt we're going to agree at this point.
Look, I think it is best to stop this.
I will not apologize for believing you can work on a society for everyone.
I may be an idealist but I proudly take that stance then.
You should always strive for a fair society though.
Accused doesn't mean guilty yet.
You think that's in any way something that should take place in a fair society?
Indeed, and the problem is what society does to the accused.
Rape apologist? Are you insane?!
Yes...once proven.
innocent until proven guilty.
I never said you should write it off, I said you shouldn't convict without an investigation
But what if it didn't?
I understand this is a matter that affects her personally.
I forgive Shemmy, I just want to move on.
I apologize for my ignorance about cultural marxism.
It's a small amount for a billionaire, but that money can make a big difference for people needing it...Anyway I hope we understand each other better.
Anyway, I think imma hop off and stay off this time. I never came here to have political debates.
If someone earns 50 million USD per year, they can handle losing one or two.
That's why you don't overdo it.
My bad, I stand corrected.
Or i suppose it would be equitable ^^'
The rich pays more in taxes than the poor because they have more money.
And a percentage tax ensures everyone provides equally.
You don't just get free education, Welfare is money being given to the socially vulnerable to help them.
The percentage tax and welfare helps there.
It's been working in Scandinavia since the fourties when it was implemented. It will be a bumpy ride but there is nothing inherently preventing the US from switching to such a system.
Not to mention the Patriot Act...
Trump actually pulled out of the wars and didn't start new ones. Bush got the US and most of the free world into two major wars, and one of those wars were on a FALSE claim!
Bush was FAR worse!
Such as Trump blocking Covid aid to kill democrats or something. It's utter lies.
I don't disagree that Trump messed up in his handling of it, but there were outright lies about it.
It could have been much higher. 200k for a 300 Mil country is NOT much.
People even equate him to Hitler when Bush was a FAR worse president.
But when you outright ignore his accomplishments, overblow his failures, and repeat lies about him over and over... It kinda paints a picture.
He has done bad things, such as repealing the protection for Trans people in the military or enforcing that Pipeline through Dakota lands.
The false accusations of Russian collusion, the lies about him supporting Neo Nazis, etc.
He's not been outright censored no, but all news networks except for maybe Fox News have done nothing but slander him for four years.
Trumps Accomplishments = Ignored
Trumps Failures = Overblown
Lies about Trumps = Repeated like gospel
I remember when Trump used to be a joke nobody took seriously, now almost half the US voted for him and believes everyone is out to get him...And can you blame them when the media acts the way it does?
And others will notice it, and believe that you're silencing the truth. That's how it looks to most.
If you censor someone, they will only believe that their views are right.
People with bad views need to learn through facts and debate that they're wrong.
All views should be tolerated but not all should be accepted.
Yup... But... I guess in the end it's more security.
Agreed... I hate when a special character is required
Well yes...Censored. Information suppressed or outright deleted which has been happening recently on Facebook and Twitter.
I am a Social democrat and I'm not afraid of refuting the "red scare" people are promoting
I mean of course people who are censored elsewhere would flock here. It's all the more important that a wide variety of speech is promoted here. Otherwise it becomes an echo chamber.
No. https://parler.com
On another note... A new social media platform specifically for free speech called Parler is growing in popularity. The more opinions and people join the platform, the better it will be. All voices must be heard. So if you have the time check out Parler and give it a go.
Stay strong ok?
*hug*
...The fact that this might happen to my dog one day breaks my heart, in so many ways she's been my only friend...
I'm so sorry about your dog ! 😦
Like I said...We'll see where it goes.
If this wasn't a first past the post system and if I was from the US I'd have voted for her
Jo Jorgensen's Parler looks pretty nifty tbh.
Censoring the fact a dispute exists, promoting Biden as president elect before the case has been settled in court, or outright intimidating Trump supporters to back off.
Also I'm "gunning" for the left because they're the ones impeding an investigation. If the situation was reversed you can be sure I would be gunning on "president elect" Trump if Biden disputed it.
Parler should not become a right wing echo chamber.
I know there's a lot of left leaning people here, it's why I suggested you join up.
Well as said, Parler is free speech, which does mean that it does have right leaning people too.
So yes, if Trump actually committed fraud, he's not off the hook either.
A democracy should NEVER accept fraud, no matter which side it comes from.
I believe that if the possibility of fraud exists, then it must be investigated.
Whether any of this holds up in court...We'll see.
https://thefederalist.com/2020/11/10/i-was-in-philadelphia-watching-fraud-happen-heres-how-it-went-down/
The ones you mentioned plus other smaller channels parroting the same news are mainstream, yes.
Whether it will be enough for Trump to win...Nobody can say, that's why it needs to be investigated.
The videos with evidence and such can be found here.
https://parler.com/profile/Transparency2020/ I recommend following this parler account
Mainstream media is basically common news channels.
Actually there are several eye witnesses and even some evidence of dead people voting and such. It's just been suppressed by the mainstream media.
The legal efforts have not moved to the supreme court yet.
We haven't... We aren't even there yet actually.
And yet Bush won over Al Gore in the courts.
That's what people said in 2000.
In any case...We'll see where Trump's legal efforts go.
The US election is : Vote for the lesser evil
not: Vote for who you want
Hillary, Biden, Trump, Bush... All of those are utterly despicable.
I don't disagree, the US has a serious problem in politics.
it's literally required for them.
Chinese companies are all an arm of the CCP.
The difference is...There's actually proof of China backing the democrats.
I've seen that video, most of it is utter CCP propaganda.
Heck China is funding the democrat party.
Uh it hasn't. China is backing Biden.
Trump also stood up to the CCP and China... Which is something most people tend to ignore when it is honestly the biggest threat to any free person.
Tweets have a lot to do with censorship
Anyway i gtg, but do take a look at Parler, share your opinions, let your voices be heard.
They weren't looked into, tweets were outright deleted with account suspensions.
If there's a chance of foul play you look into it
That's like dismissing a rape victim's story because there's no evidence.
They're eyewitnesses!
Most court cases have barely started.
Like or hate Trump, if there's even a chance of fraud, it should be looked into.
The fact that their claims were censored without investigating the claims or looking into them, is what makes this really sus to me.
The facts are as such: People claim someone voted in their name when they didn't, that dead relatives votes, or that irregularities happened at the poll. Those opinions were outright censored.
Until the courts dismiss his case...all the courts, then it's disputed.
If the courts say he has no case, then that's it.
Otherwise Biden's potential presidency will be tarnished by accusations of a stolen election
Tbh it's in everyone's interest to have an investigation and put this matter to rest.
Any evidence is anecdotal because no full investigation has taken place yet since the Democrats are blocking it. That's why Trump's campaign is taking it to the court.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wr3hpWfDMhw Look at stuff like this
doesn't that merit some investigation?
Here we're talking about the possibility of irregularities in the Election for the US presidency.
and yet the mainstream sources are all censoring any of this and refusing to report on it.
That's the main reason why I think there's some kind of coverup.
In this case instead of going: "Oh you believe we cheated? that there was fraud? you know what orange man? Go investigate, we'll give our full act of cooperation." Instead there's obstruction of justice, the Democrats appealed the motion to have republican observers in the counting room, the Media rushed to declare Biden the winner all the while cutting off or not reporting on any witnesses or evidence regarding potential fraud.
Censorship is defined as the suppresion or silencing of opinions or information that someone dislikes or that does not confirm to their ideals.
I just want that investigation done so we know who's the next president and can move on.
Tbh it's hard to know what really is the truth, Parler does have veritable evidence of censorship, lies and suspicious action by the mainstream media...But I do not dispute that Veritas also has an agenda.
This specifically: https://parler.com/post/531f40f066a940b7ba49eae0803926fd
What do you think about that stuff with the postworker whistleblower? https://parler.com/profile/Transparency2020/posts
...I'm so sorry Aya! *tight hug* I'm so sorry...
There may be more instances, and that's why an investigation should take place.
An illegal vote is an illegal vote.
Doesn't matter who they voted for.
myself
"furthermore there have been several cases of dead people voting which has been found, and testimonies of irregularities by whistleblowers such as the one I linked earlier."
And that what in my opinion warrants an investigation
The other instances though are far more serious.
Regardless... As I said, it's statistically unlikely not impossible.
Then I stand corrected
Oh?...
See, real people are more complicated than that... No region votes 75% Biden. First of all you have the voters who simply won't vote, then you have the voters who'll vote on other parties.
Trump and Biden are not the only candidates in this election.
It is statistically unlikely to have mail ballots with over 90% votes for Biden only.
Because: There have been disproportionate amounts of votes for Biden at several times, which is statistically unlikely...But of course that can change, furthermore there have been several cases of dead people voting which has been found, and testimonies of irregularities by whistleblowers such as the one I linked earlier.
they do not have access to that
What you expect Trump's team to just waddle into wherever the ballots are kept and investigate them and all the documents?
There wont be any hard evidence until an investigation takes place.
The US deserves a proper democracy
First past the post and the electora college should go.
Oh that we 100% agree on...
Are you sure you're not counting in absentee ballots with that?
It's never been to this scale...And as I've said, there's people who have made claims of someone voting in their place, or voting for them when they were in another state.
Absentee ballots are different from mail in ballots
Especially since the mail in ballots were a new system developed due to the pandemic.
When it comes to something as big as a the friggin US presidentatial election you damn right should be 100% sure there's no irregularities.
to see if it happened.
I don't, it's suspected it happened, which is why Trump wants an investigation
There is evidence, but ofc no hard evidence yet...Only suspicion and anecdotal evidence so far since a full investigation hasn't taken place.
If you have an independent investigation by a third party, this problem would be solved.
He literally DID condemn white supremacy.
just...listen.
What's this part of the video and listen to what Trump says
https://youtu.be/ozFy73LMFoI?t=434
cause it's one of the Media lies about him
I got the perfect refutation for that
Ok
Illegal immigration is not the same as filthy Mexican.
Yes, Some...Considering there's a large number of PoC and Women who support Trump.
Some of his voterbase is though.
He's really not openly...or even obviously tbh.
Indeed...
Tbh, Trump pulled in a lot of people for many different reasons.
Now I'm looking at the US specifically, because to us in Europe, both Dems and Reps are right.
There's Republicans who are FAR more Right than Trump.
Tbh...  Trump is not that right.
Trump got 71 million votes, Biden got 75...assuming there's no irregularities
That's how many voted for Trump
Are you saying over 71 million people are not moderate?
Not really, a lot of moderate Trump supporters demand an investigation.
Of course the hardliners may believe it's stolen, but a lot of the moderates will drop it.
give him his damn investigation since allegedly there's nothing to hide.
How can the country heal when a large part of American voters believe the election was stolen?
There literally is, he refuses to concede until an investigation has taken place because he believes the election was stolen. And a lot of his supporters back him.
Any of Trump's whining is FAR less legitimized once an investigation has taken place.
But they did let it get out
I'm not saying that China created the virus or anything like that, don't get me wrong
They didn't, out of pride.
Covid is one of them. If China wanted to stop it, they would have warned the world of the dangers of the virus and closed down travel.
And they 100% don't hide their intention to invade and conquer Taiwan by force.
I've seen horrible atrocities committed by China.
That I 100% stand by. As someone who looked into Taiwan, Hong Kong's security law, and the concentration camps.
I don't insult you either. I am a moderate person who doubts everything and everyone and is open to look into anything suspicious.
Shemmy...Please quit with the insults.
Trump handled it poorly, yes... But China allowed it to spread.
That's not just inept handling, they ignored the dangers of it on purpose.
Basically yes. I mean what else would you call jailing doctors trying to warn others of human transmission and then allowing their tourists from Wuhan to travel all over the world?
You're deluded if you think China is your friend...
The first Covid case was in November 2019.
Uh? Yeah??
you're gonna be sorry.
Now it's still not overwhelming...in 20 year if we do nothing...Oh boy
China is a problem that is STEADILY increasing.
The Corona virus will go away...Besides China unleashed it, and no, Trump stood up to China when he did.
I just want the investigation to be done and move on... I'm more worried about China rn.
I dunno this whole thing is giving me a headache...
It's interesting because he claimed to Project Veritas he was threatened by those agents, and that he stands by his testimony
Give a source on that, I'm sure it's worth looking into.
source on that?
It was a big crowd.
and he literally does so in that clip openly
Omg that's dumb...He LITERALLY says all Neo Nazis and White Supremacists should be condemned
ok.
I'm sorry Melua.
I am also anti-religious.
I am pro choice, I am pro free healthcare, pro free education, pro equality, pro women's rights, and so on?
Not at all O.o I actually disagree a lot with the Right wing.
Covid wasn't my focus, it's just one of them.
I just thought everything had to be looked into.
I'm sorry for trying to share things...
Ok then I suppose I'll drop it.
A what?
Having an open mind means looking into both sides.
Just because I look into far right sources doesn't mean I don't look into others.
Neo Nazi...you know, I could report you for slander.
Well, sorry but nope. I'm a social democrat, I'm just open minded and inquisitive.
When did I ever say Trump handled Covid well?
...And Shemmy is an SJW nutjob who likes to insult others trying to debate, ignore them.
Trump didn't unleash it on the world, if anything Trump let it out in the US.
So far only Taiwan has full same-sex legality. The government shouldn't interfere in whether people who love each other can marry or not.
Put it to run in the background, let's hope it's enough to help.
How did Italy react when the pandemic first arrived here? Close all travel, warn other countries, ask for help, and do their best to deal with the rising casualties and emergency. 

How did China react when the pandemic arrived? Pretend nothing was wrong. Silence any whistleblowers, ignore inquiries from other countries when rumors of the disease spread, and only when it was outside the country did they finally admit to it's existence. 

So no, I do think other countries would have handled it differently. It wasn't ineptitude.
But the one who let this go out of hand should not go scot free.
Of course you can say a lot about how each government handled it, reacted to warning signs and put blame on them.
To use an analogy: Let's say that two gangs are meeting, a third gang shows up and performs a driveby on the meeting site, killing many members, and starting a gang war. Sure it is the responsibility of the original two gangs for having started a war, and for handling it poorly. But the blame does not go away from the third gang that started the driveby, they instigated it. It is the same thing here. The CCP instigated this pandemic with their poor handling of it.
Anyway, I think I'll head off now. But before I do I'll drop another news site which is also worth keeping up with when it comes to China: https://taipeitimes.com/
It's a Taiwanese news site. Due to the superpower intending to annex them and their complicated history with China, the reporting and editorials give an interesting picture.
So we had time to prepare and lockdown properly here.
Luckily the area I live in was not the initial outbreak zone.
Same xD
Either way it's in the past, nothing can be done about it now...But at least calls for a full investigation into the lab theory is being put forth now. Hopefully we'll get some answers.
and then spread to the rest of Europe from here
We have many chinese tourists, and the virus instantly exploded.
My country was one of the first hit by the Wuhan virus.
China is 100% responsible for this getting global.
It was not the right call seeing as China did NOT cooperate, and didn't close borders. Letting it get out of hand.
WHO played along with China to try and get data from them.
Taiwan inquired about it in late December, their inquiry was ignored.
The WHO also played along, so they're not innocent either.
That's their biggest sin.
If Covid is not natural...It may still be, then it was a Virus test from a lab that accidentally was set free. I doubt even the CCP would intentionally unleash a deadly virus on their own people.
I would suggest watching the video and looking at the evidence. The News Anchor is sarcastic, but the stuff he presents is level headed and has factual documentation behind it.
As for the Chinese celebrities, not versed into that so I'm not gonna make a statement on it.
Organ harvesting is not a myth. There's facual evidence of it. Coronavirus is NOT a bio weapon. There's indications that it might have been bad security procedures at the Wuhan Virology lab that set it free. That's far cry from it being a Bio Weapon.
Of course, don't get me wrong, I don't think they should be persecuted, but my opinions on the Falun Gong are pretty neutral as I haven't looked much into their case.
I don't particularly care for Falun Gong... I care more for Hong Kongers, Tibetans, Taiwanese, Mongolians, Uyghur, etc.
I merely see bad reporting, and it happens on both sides.
Ah here we go again... "I diagree with someone so they're FAR RIGHT!" give me a break. I am a centrist.
And what lies have they spread? Speculation is not creating lies, it is speculation. In a country with an authoritarian media blackout requiring leaks to know internal matters, speculation is necessary.
Being kind and nice is a good thing.
It's nothing to apologize for. Everyone deserves to know they have worth, to be loved, to be accepted.
Yeah No. The PRC is an evil state that commits genocide, infringes upon human rights and freedoms on all sprectrums, and has imperialistic ambitions with all it's neighbors especially Taiwan. Please do not defend that kind of state. There's literal evidence of all of those things.

As for CNN,  it's basically the Democrat version of Fox News, Most unbiased? don't make me laugh. The most biased reporting this past year has been from CNN. Taking things out of context, leading statements, incomplete reporting, or flat out blackout on certain topics. News is supposed to be unbiased and focused.

Then again, we all have a right to form our opinions. Do independent research, look at more than one source, get a bigger picture, and make informed decisions.
Also CNN is an extremely biased news source. I would definitely not use them as a reliable source.
By obfuscating the severity of the outbreak and not cutting international travel they allowed the virus to leave the country and mass infect thousands. (And thus in the long run killing millions)
However...Lab leak or not, the CCP remains responsible for letting the outbreak happen.
Did you watch the video? There's no proof, but there's definitely hints of a lab leak.
China Uncensored is a news media that reports on China's doings and such. I'd advise watching the video, it has facts backing it up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8h2h3HNTnIc Worth reflecting about this.
Do not tag me again please.
Right, I am tired of being ignored or having my words twisted. I'm done. Believe what you will I'm gonna refrain from posting here again.
Which is why it calls for an investigation.
I do not. That's why it's speculation, but unlike nutcase stuff like Qanon, this would actually be true.
Once again...Not alt right, not conspiracies. At best speculations.
Ok so... A lab accident that release a virus in a location where such viruses are experimented upon is the same as a global conspiracy? Give me a break.
To me they're speculations that could be proven true. Would you really lump the Wuhan Virus potentially being an escaped experiment from a lab in the same catergory as stuff like Qanon? If so, we disgaree more than I thought.
Never said everyone were saints. But covering up a pandemic in it's early stages results in this. Either way I avoided this discussion for a reason. I don't wanna continue this, so I'd prefer to agree to disagree.
Hopefully we can make sure they'll remain safe.
❤️ yay
Believe what you wish.
Oh here we go... I'm just gonna drop this.
And there was virtually no reporting of it
I didn't hear about it until February.
Then you were lucky.
The pandemic appeared in China in November 2019. Nobody heard about it until late January at the earliest.
Regardless, back to Yasakuni
Big difference when one is an authoritarian brutal party.
and it will put pressure on anyone doing business with them, foreign or otherwise to toe the line
I said CCP law, not Chinese  law. The CCP is very strict about overseeing it's companies.
All Chinese companies are subject to CCP law.
Because it is a nice shrine.
Either way, Ai Kayano didn't go there to pray.
If you understand how Shintoism works, then you'll understand why Yasakuni shrine still exists as it does.
Either way, I just wanted to bring awareness of what happened with Ai Kayano
Without police, good people are helpless in case of crime.
In other cases, they remain to do the good fight.
How would they do that? Some call them out, yeah. And some have quit in very bad cases, yeah.
If you look at the news it's easy to forget there's a lot of good police out there striving to protect people. They're not all the shoot first kind of people.
Well, I specifically mentioned good cops.
It's not related to Symphogear so it's why I opted to post it here, but I'm a fan of her and it's sad to see her treated like this :/
I for one believe people should be judged according to their actions and character. This goes both for race and other stuff. I don't care what race or what sexuality you identify as, if you're a good person, you're a good person. There's a lot of good cops out there who have saved many lives. Generalization is bad in general, be careful about ever doing that. You can't go and say "All white people are racist" or "black people can't be racist" and such. People are individuals, not collectives. 

Nazi Germany forexample had good people in it, who in spite of their societies took great risks to fight the bad....And the current society is far from bad. It's easy to forget how far we've come since the 60s where minorities got lynched openly by groups like the KKK.

(Wanted to add my 50 cent to that conversation)

On an unrelated but still serious note:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQAWFD52dUQ

Seems like Ai Kayano got suspended as a VA for a chinese mobile game.
As did the ROC in Taiwan.
South Korea actually did have reparations issued.
Nothing. But the CCP has a lot to do with making individual amends when the country is closed and in a massive civil war.
The CCP were hostile to Japan and the US.
It's impossible to make amend to all people when the CCP took over, and thousands of people were buried in mass graves.
I said amends, not all.
Nothing, we're just debating.
And look which party is in control of Japan.
Besides it is not up to Japan to inter those people, that's the duty of their own countries.
Look, amends have been made. Nobody is disputing that war crimes did happen. (Except for far right imperialists), but it is time to move on.
The democratic party governments didn't change the shrine either.
If this wasn't the case, the Shrine would have been altered. Japan has had many governments in power. Most support the Yasakuni shrine.
Spirituality is a casual part of their lives.
The thing is, Religion and spirituality in Japan works very different.
I mean just look at far right religious people in the US
And Religion is a delicate matter, not just in Japan.
That is literally how shintoism sees it. Yes some may look at i different, but the majority sees it that way.
It's a complicated matter.
They're not war criminals anyone once enshrined. That's how the Japanese sees it, and that is the crux of the issue.
Nippon Kaigi does have some stakes in it, but in the end, the shrine is a religious and spiritual place.
Once enshrined they can't be removed. You could make a Bunrei but that's more like making a copy.
Yasakuni also doesn't just hold warcriminals, but a lot of soldiers, officers, sailors and more.
So basically... Removing them would be a holy sacrilege according to their faith.
But...in Shintoism, when someone is enshrined, they become a spirit of nature essentially. And become holy. What they've done in their life is irrelevant as they're cleansed of their lives and exist as spirits of nature.
Tbh about what happened to Kiryu Coco and Akai Haato... Doing business with China is a ticking time bomb.
I am aware. History holds many dark secrets.
No but I am a strong supporter of Taiwan.
I believe people need to understand each other, communicate, find common ground and not let emotions run foul.
Which I am against.
It's literally is though. They cancelled her as a VA because she visited a place they found controversial
I am aware, the problem is firing a VA for visiting a place. That's not nice. I do not support cancel culture.
Some elements in the country.
