thats sometimes parody levels silliness
like metal fusion
i find that a silly show sounds even sillier in english
now the question is
english or japanese
🤔
i should watch beyblade again
loved it as a child
and the twitch rewatch was glorious
🎵 Let's fight an epic battle 🎵
og beyblade or metal fusion?
symphogear 6, turns out the president of the US is a custodian, the gears have to TERMINATE him
GIVE IT TO ME *whover is doing symphogear*
Commander Bikkie with her wife Miku training the new gears
at least its better than GX and Top Dad
AXZ has managed to reference the previous seasons and make a sensible plot outta it
XV should be able to too
oh thats fan art \:(
oh shit we KLK?
gib alt universe kanade and carol :rooSlam:
just imagine him going Bang!
we need someone to pick the Ichival, Genjuuro makes the most sense since Chris' parents are dead
just get Top Dad, Top Grandpa and Genjuuro into gears
dude, if Top Dad was somehow attuned to the Gungnir
XV finale:
Hibiki phonic bombs to create a rift in time-space, so they can fight the Custodians
this creates some issues where parallel universes connect
and we get Kanade, Serena, Carol and Mikugear for the big finale
meanwhile Anime Girl goes: "It's like that one anime!"
xv so soon and yet im still stuck with my rewatch <:HibikiCrying:421432969996271616>
or do i have to power through horrible ;-;
anyone knows if commie or yamete are gonna sub XV?
wow bat girl is actually insane
we fucking beyblade now
give me chris transformation :slam:
otherwise they are doing a great job of blending them in
where the camera zooms out
the only part where those tricks are noticeable is during the hibiki transformation
when adam and the alchemists didnt know about hibiki being pure?
is the frontier incident even that known
this season feels a lot different than the previous ones so far
but how would they even know about Miku
but how is miku gonna get her hands on it
pls dont do it ;-;
Hello my sunshine <:celrLove:465911436691111938>
inb4 someone puts the arm thingy on and gets taken over by custodians
her G song
death 13 👀
how much time is it between s1 and xv?
im betting tsubasa is gonna have nightmares now because of the bat geass
sympholive animated
basa nightmares hype
but she managed to calm down, for now
tbh i was thinking at first that tsubasa is gonna remain berserk
gotta wait for ep3 to explain bat geass
to break tsubasa
fucking bat girl
give me Bang!
cant wait for chris transform
but daaaaamn, are the XV transformations good
axz animation was great
phonic bomb a hole in time-space so you get access to parallel world lines
miku pls ;-;
stay home and be a good wife ;-;
Miku: "What will you do if I'm the one doing bad things"
hibiki gonna one for all
oh wow
i did not expect some stuff that happened in this episode
sasuga symphogear
hibichrismiku ott
yoooooooooooooooooooo
this episode
maybe it was bikkie using her powers to shield/ protect them
but they didnt get to use it
can we expect the other geahs to also get an amalgam?
or is this a bikkie exclusive due to saint german?
AAAAAAAAAA THIS EP WAS SO GOOD
