Meanwhile Sarasa: *overwhelmed by Lorea,'s cuteness* Huh? Before I knew it I gained a wife?  Huh? She sure is cute and cuddly. Also... she's big
Meet cute girl who is new to town
Sparkle at her
introduce her to the village
sleep
Sparkle at her more intensely as the village helps with her shop/house
Ask for a sleepover
ask to move in as Domestic companion/cashier
Get into the bath with her
Get drunk off of Magi power (not planned)
Get into her bed
Sleep with her
Be cuddly enough that she can no longer sleep well without you
Goal: You have become the wife of the Cute new alchemist in town!
It only took two days
But seriously it's amusing how Lorea did a Lesbian Love Speedrun
Iris and Kate give me serious  On the Ball wife and her Useless Wife vibes
Speaking of Novice  Alchemist. Can we talk about how Down Bad Sarasa is for Lorea?
I am in fact upset that my favorite Mecha series is on hold
Oh! Maybe Bocchi the Rock?!
Like Novice Alchemist
Little Lies
and.....
wait I'm sure there were two more
you know I'd be more upset if this season wasn't saturated with GL
....
No..... Gundam?!
yo Ha
Because the last two episodes before the Final episode of Hero chapter were depressing.
Meanwhile I'll be over here. Watching Koihime
There's a lot going on in the final season
it's time for Daimankai
But I need a levity break, indeed!
Just 12 more episodes left!
I'm one step closer to Finishing YuuYuuYuu
So I just finished Hero Chapter
yes
I'll check it out
And as for Bocchi the Rock. There's a gay character but I don't have enough data yet. Plus the character she's crushing on likes to troll people
we know that she's perfectly willing to go out with men as long as their not assholes so there's that.
I'm not sure about Sulettan and MioMio though. On the one hand It's pretty telling that MioMio is okay with Marrying Sulettan and went against her father for that. On the other hand we have no idea if Sulettan is bi or straight. I want her to be bi, personally.
You don't? Rikka and Chiyo from Little Lies definitely give off a more than friends Vibe. And....Lorea and Sarasa from Novice Alchemist.... It may not be the main focus but it's definitely there.
