I think that's still only light NSFW?
XDU spoilers
No checkbox on mobile.
Nope.
That's difficult and a lot of work. You can DM me the picture and I'll upload it instead.
Are you on PC or mobile?
Oh
No this isn't wrong chat wdym
Huh?
Or rather, entering cyberspace
Feel like hopping into VR
If it comes to it, I get it but the Elfnein emotes do get used by Haru.
For real though, Elfnein smug does get used.
NO ELFEIN SMUG
WHAT
As much as I fucking hate Ver, people do use him so much.
And <:KirikaGlee:698939825927094384> gets used much more.
<:KirikaBean:731532693170290709> is just the same as <:KirikaGlee:698939825927094384> isn't it?
Ah, so it's split between animated and static.
And do we need all the bear emotes?
What about Kiricoins?
Yeah, literally all the Elfnein emotes are used and there's not many of them as it is now.
<:ElfneinTrip:688025973932687377> is used.
And what about <:SongStone:688213224012644370>
Never seen most of the chants used tbh?
Alright, got it.
I missed the start of this conversation.
Genuine question.
So what are we getting rid of some for?
Tbf, that is a lot of emotes though...
But, I guess one of them could go.
Difficult with Basa, love all the emotes too much.
:p
I get the feeling it's because of one person in this server.
Yeah ngl we do have *way* too much DMJii.
As in, pixel emotes, not Bikki.
They're just kind of redundant imo
As in, all of them.
The pixel emotes?
Gonna be in <#336297387863703552>
Actually, gonna keep this out of <#336299268107403274>
THEY WERE FLIRTING IN DMS
HOW WAS SHE MEAN TO MEGAN
RAD NO
I say this while we have a Kanade as part of our system. Would be sad to see the emote go but, compromises have to be made?
While <:KanadeLewd:690470896174891008> has less varied usage.
The wink one can be both lewd and non-lewd.
If we *have* to get rid of one, I'd get rid of the lewd one.
Yeah I agree Lily.
Quite frequently.
I know <:KanadeLewd:690470896174891008> and <:KanadeWink:690470895608791040> are used by two people.
By large I mean public and several hundred membership.
Idk I've seen it work in a large server.
It works?
That's why people move channels though.
Hidden from everyone else.
Opt in by role I mean.
Perhaps vent channel as an opt in  channel?
My concern is mostly that it's going to happen anyway.
I mean, yeah, I understand that point Lily.
And as it seems now, the conflict happens because people reply to vents.
Sometimes I just want to say something to air it out, not necessarily to hear back.
I get the feeling you all have a very different idea of venting.
Isn't that what a vent is though?
If people don't lose it over not receiving an answer in a vent channel.
That's the only way I can see this working.
If a vent channel gets implemented, people have to expect to not get replied to imo
Wait... shit, I meant, the vent channels don't break down into conflict despite a hostile atmosphere.
And those servers (subjectively) have a much more hostile atmosphere than here.
I've seen large servers that have vent channels so it can work.
Or maybe, I guess a mod should've been pinged.
So what we're doing now is that we're just going to let current conflicts happen as collateral damage?
As it is now, it seems to just lead to the very arguments we're trying to avoid.
Unfortunately, people are going to vent anyway though.
Good idea tbh
I might just be projecting a lot of past experience here.
I've had to separate people before.
Idk, this is just based off of personal experience with conflict.
Idk, maybe I'm just overbearing by personality.
Because while you might prefer people to talk things out, the fact that it happens in a public server where everyone can see means that people are going to get roped into it.
I'm just saying that I disagree if the stance is "no mod intervention of any sort."
Alright, that's fine.
(As a response to Lily saying it's swinging authority.)
While there's no rule outright banning it, it's still a public space that's being shared with other users who are going to be involved into it passively.
OK, let's take something you said earlier: this is a public server not really made for this kind of thing, right?
That sounds very loaded, my bad. If that is the case, I'm not disagreeing 100% Or anything.
So, reliance on people to hopefully not let it boil over?
I don't think in this specific case that it went the worst it could've gone.
But I think (in general) there comes a point where people should disengage because it's just an escalating argument. I think this time it worked out because someone was able to de-escalate.
No, not really
So I'm not saying there's any blame for letting it get as far as it did, but I think just being vigilant about conflict should be good.
It's just as much my fault too since I just watched it happen without saying anything.
Then I hope people ping a mod when necessary.
That's still the same isn't it?
Not because it looked better but the lighting just made it feel unique.
I liked the old <:ChrisEmbarrassed:738167509869527060> tbh.
For user creations, I mean
What stopped me was the channel description
Sure
Wait I can post food in there???
Was gonna post food in there
I initially thought user creations just meant anything anyone made lmao
Boost level drop.
Jokes aside Shemmy would be fucking annoying in a server as large as this
Loris is just such a zoomer
SQUEE ISN'T THAT OLD
Personally I just completely avoided the channel until I finished XV>
He knows (or should know) other people will talk about gear in that channel, given that's literally what it's for, and it's going to have spoilers.
Well that's an informed risk he's making
Everyone just seemed to voluntarily choose to just all spoiler at all times.
Everyone who joins this server gets warned that most of it isn't spoiler-free so it's not like there isn't a warning, and for the times he does choose to go in, that's when we could spoiler.
Maybe spoilers when he's in there but shouldn't it be fine the rest of the time?
I mean imo it shouldn't be as bad of a problem as it is now because Vyn doesn't go into the channel all that often anyway.
Probably can't if you're poor
I just literally have nothing else to put there.
Not really because not everyone wants to fill their about page with pronouns.
<:kiridumb:824436122218135552>
True lmao
<:RutileThink:748557987957833788>
"Check Discord profile for pronouns" is probably better yeah
Discord had an update where people can write an about bio on their profiles
Rad you're late to it
So maybe instead "check about section for pronouns"
Aye
Can I get a uhhhhhhh "check "about" for pronouns?"
People still fall for free nitro scams?
And here I thought you knew me
But I don't think it's significant enough of an issue to need PK to fix it
But I posted it
Yes, that is an issue
Maybe
I posted it
To distract herself from the horrors of existential ennui and metacognition
Yep
Or rather, just joining this server myself
And couldn't be arsed switching to here
I was logged into Haru's account on PC and mobile
Figured I should probably stop using Haru's account so much
'Sup
Hello!
Knowing vaguely what happened, probably best to drop it
The two of us are nb as well, approved
(Holly)
Good status
Oh hey
Or is this an entirely different word?
Herzchen, like Herz and Mädchen?
What
You still use the command
Nope
Welcome!
I don't live with her unfortunately
RIP she fell asleep
Oi Shirabe
<@126363140228251650>
My Lucy
Yes
Wait...
So we have Micha, Kirichan and Elfnein now
Elfnein is here
Holy shit
Probably shouldn't talk about it. I vaguely know what's going on and it's not really our business
Nickname literally says not to talk to her
Time for <#336297387863703552>
It's sort of a really surface server joke where people just spam the <:KirikaFish:717138469381734471> emote.
No Kirifish cult
I invited this person
Y'all do not
Welcome back!
Spoilers are against the rules in that channel
General chat is spoiler free
<a:PetTheDinoo:776809352148549673>
I'm not back unfortunately, just missed the emotes
It's Armis
Yes
Everyone knows who this is lmao
But it's whatever, not really my business and it's over now anyway
There's a lot that happened at the start before you joined, I vaguely know about some of it
Previous owner right
Wb
Yeah
My bad, my emote reaction is because I thought you were someone else
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
832451897348972358 files of evidence deleted since joining
It's weird to see not too much has changed
I just left and rejoined for emotes
I'm pretty old
<:KirikaWhat:671948299179130885>
How dare everyone here be talented
Yeah these are super cool, purple is a nice colour
Is this warhammer?
Forgive me if I'm being a fucking idiot but
Herbs I believe
How long did that take? Super cool
Including because of the pfp
Started associating that colour with you now
The purple works well
<:TsubasaNote:689554460044820608>
Nice
Peppers
Voy is ghost
I love it
That's gay
Why not both
"China dress" lol
Since nickname changes so much
Doing @armis is probably easiest btw
THANK YOU
They're potential future pfps now
I would also like to opt in to DMJii pics
Thanks
Saved already
Also fucking love that, Carol is an absolute aesthetic
Honestly I wanted dmjii as our pfps but she related to Hibiki, so we went with that first
Indeed
<:TsubasaJoy:688191716620238870>
Yeah ofc, thanks Rad
Proof?
I moved to mobile and was still logged in to Haru's account
Wrong account
<:TsubasaShock:689705053401251867>
I appreciate them all though lmao
Plenty
We have plent
Rad
Right
Got like 50 DMJii pics pinned in DMs now
This one's actually perfect
But not dmjii that I can use
IT'S DMJII
<@!203444794737950720>

Danke
Sorry I was being dumb
Oh lmao
I got pinged?
Nice
Too bad I'm no longer Kirika ;-;
<:HornyOnMainSpray:692158520279171172>
But each to their own
Fine was a hateable villain
Perfection.
<:KanadeRooster:336659950258356227>
<@!445783190976856065>
Ask and ye shall receive!
https://twitter.com/KanadeAmo/status/1297207617383796739
1 follower and 1 following?
No clue, I just got a tweet notif and liked it.
But also I genuinely don't know because the info card I have is also vague about it.
You'll never get answers from me alive!
>.>
Red and orange are, too similar.
Checked, it's KanaBasaMaria.
Pretty sure she's KanaBasaMaria?
<:CinnaStare:614728987649769482>
<@!199928870810419200>
Thank
As in, all 3 together
Has anyone got Chris, Maria and Basa art
I come with a request
<a:MmYesPatDia:734360992598851685>
As in, pfp and the fact that you're Dia.
It's both of us!
omg
This is too wholesome, considering, well, everything about HnK.
<a:MmYesPatDia:734360992598851685>
Just new hands!
Phos still has hands!
With what?
What
Shem-Miku and Carolnein concepts are always fascinating
<:ChrisThink:724037732539695154>
She-Ra probably did out-lesbian Symphogear, but the difference between the two shows really makes it feel like it's kind of, not too comparable.
<:Carolears:803957483449483274>
<:Spray:687873181993926744>
3_skip
JUUUUUUUUUUUNG FRAAAAAU MIIIIIIIIIIIIIILD
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAVE MARIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Lockdown kind of has a lot of us feeling touch-starved and lonely lmao
Yeah I mean
Or spending every waking second feeling like an AI
Can't say I do either, but each to their own right?
And also I guess there'll be a "feeling" to it as well, which you literally can't describe
There's a whole belief system there that all their logic operates on
You probably can't, if you're not otherkin
I assume so?
Also with the original point, I can understand and do relate to it, but I also just generally don't VC because I hate the barrier that exists when you can't actually see the other people
"Furry" is a very umbrella term
Ehhh it depends
Just thinks red pandas are neat, I guess
One of them doesn't literally think of themself as a red panda, not on a spiritual level either
I have a few friends who are furries and I would say it's like
Wait OK I sent my messages before that edit
Adjacent is probably the better way to describe
Fursonas are outside of TTRPGs as well, yes
I wouldn't think fursonas are any different from creating a D&D character
Apart from for the sake of having a character
Not necessarily seeing themselves as those animals in some way
Furries are just generally people who are fans of anthro animals
Not quite
Ranging from a spiritual association to actually behaving like the animal, apparently
Otherkin are people who view themselves as some way related to an animal
I don't internet drama and it's honestly one of the best decisions I've ever made
Maybe not the best word, but I would guess Lectic didn't mean to say that it makes her bad
And it feels like the conversation has ended up being a discussion on character assassination anyway, which is still an interesting discussion
I'm not sure if anyone actually disagrees with the point
Yee that's what I was thinking of actually
I wouldn't say that's every corner of the internet, but it's common enough that I worry about it
I *very much* am not on grounds to really judge what's weird
Yeah I know that's the point I was making Nevis
If we're substituting words here
Maybe not weird, but unhealthy
That's a fair point
Fucking internet
But also Christ don't eat grass pls
Potentially controversial take, but I don't really mind otherkin *too* much, considering there's spiritual beliefs that exist which are a lot more "out there"
There were people who I got depressed about not being able to talk to but I just had to eventually learn sometimes people need time away
I wouldn't stick around
As someone who used to be kind of like him
From everything you've said
I'm not sure you should be hanging around him tbh
But if it's what you want
I mean, *entirely* probably isn't necessary
Lockdown took a hammer to it
I mean neither do I rn
But at the same time, I understand the importance and significance of online communities
Exactly that
Not saying I'm better than others, valid if you use reddit and internet discourse
Too much IRL shit to deal with
And then I realised I just generally don't like engaging in any internet discourse
I used to
Thank fuck I don't use reddit or follow internet drama because I think I'd break lmao
But I might do soon
I haven't gone back since the shift after that one
It happened last month
It was a while ago
Distressing content
Content warning
CW for suicidal screaming and old age ||had a 90 year old patient screaming at me from his hospital bed going "I want to die I want to die I want to die!"||
Unfortunately, even work makes me hyperaware of our mortality
I would love a simple life like you described
I would be like that, if lockdown wasn't happening
Depersonalisation gang
I believe sometimes it's fine to cover up the truth if it'll make you look bad. I don't believe in the idea of holding integrity to appear to have the moral high ground
Maybe I'm just personally more cynical
Ik dw
That's kind of... not great
Wouldn't go as far as the example you gave though
Although I'm mostly motivated by pragmatism in this regard. I think underhanded tactics can be given a pass *if* the ends can justify it
If they did the same tactic but used content that wasn't so morally fucked, I wouldn't actually disagree with them *too much*
Using CP doesn't just attack the subreddit but also exploits anyone who's involved in the actual CP itself
I'd agree there, but only because of specifically the nature of the content
You could apply the same logic to air time on the news, doesn't have to just be subreddits. I can't accuse the news of shutting down my free speech because they won't let me go on air to talk about whatever I want
Idk what subreddits were banned, so I'm missing context. My point is being made about platforms in general, with subreddits just being an example
If what you're saying breaks those rules, then you should fully expect yourself to be no longer welcome on their platform
When you sign up to reddit, you agree to their terms and conditions anyway
Getting your subreddit deleted by a private company (Reddit) isn't the same as being thrown in jail by the NKVD. Free speech protects you from legal punishment for what you say, not from other people deciding "get that shit out of my house"
We could argue any set of rules in any given place is against free speech, even if it's not legally enforced
Otherwise we could argue school rules hate free speech
And deciding you don't want such speech on your ground isn't really silencing
Having a specific place to talk about something isn't covered by freedom of speech
And personally, the end goal of shutting down hate speech platforms for the sake of preventing them reaching more people is a "right" goal imo
If someone wanted to use my house as a venue to shout from the top floor regarding racism/homophobia/transphobia/whatever, I would just tell them to get the fuck out
But back to that point, reddit isn't owned by hate speech subreddit mods. Reddit has the rights to shut down subreddits that they want given that they own the platform
Wtf
What Melua said, although spamming CP does seem a bit
Depends on how much you believe the ends justifies the means
There's different levels of terrible imo though
I can still try to answer questions but not sure how coherent I'd be at 5am
I don't mind talking about it usually but tonight is just one of those nights
Only sometimes
Yeah
Just taking the piss, humour as a coping mechanism sorry
Yes, we both live in the same room. It's a nice kind of building called a "human brain"
Thinking a lot tonight. More than I usually do. The old host, the one before the rest of us, was N (first letter of name, not full name). "Christ N, just snap out of it. You're 21, you have a job, you play sports, you've moved out of your parents. You shouldn't be using me to play pretend anymore to escape your issues." Sometimes I feel like I don't exist, like I'm just a part of whoever's imagination but then I'm still here. There isn't anything that N snaps out of. Maybe it's better this way, if N came back then we wouldn't be able to get shit done out of severe depression, not to mention losing the will to live that I and Haru have. N, whether I'll continue to exist or not, I sincerely hope you get better for your sake.
That's the main thing I worry, that once the lesser evil is voted in, people will think "well we done all we can time to sit back and do nothing now"
I use impersonal "you" here, not you literally
He's still shitty and just because you vote him in as the lesser evil doesn't mean you can't protest the lesser evil as well
The only thing I have about stuff like that is that I hope people don't become too complacent
Gotta bite the bullet and just get the results
That's how I feel about most things tbh
Have to vote for the less shitty party in the meantime
But that's the world now innit
I don't really do anything that would be considered "anarchist" since a lot of what I do still works with the government and other positions of authority
If you agree with the values then that's enough
You can call yourself anarchist ideologically, that's fine
Lol nice
I never come here to vent, but I just need to put my thoughts out somewhere.
And on a national security level, a death threat against such an important figure would make sense
I feel like death threats kind of elevate it to beyond just free speech lmao
Because you're not persecuted by the government
Being banned from Reddit doesn't break free speech
Yeah that's what I meant earlier
I've been sat here trying to think of an example, but I can't. You probably get what I mean anyway
He was visiting to show support to the Chinese community over COVID-19
Nope, Manchester
And I accidentally bumped into him on his way to lunch
I was getting bubble tea in Chinatown
No Corbyn is the Bernie Sanders of the UK
He was a really chill guy
That's my input
I met Corbyn once
Or rather, morning (but with sleep)
You're right, nini
It might not feel like an issue but it really is
Whiskey has a point, yeah
And just try to break the habit
Digital self-harm is a thing and please do take care of yourself if you can
If you're going there to just make yourself feel bad then there's an issue
It can be argued to be a form of emotional self-harm even
And not everyone just feels the need to expose themselves to negative content
It's not healthy, yeah
I have something to add to this
Thanks everyone again
I'll try tonight
But yeah, I gotta do something about my sleep
So I genuinely feel better now. Thanks everyone
Anyway update: I got some sleep and refreshed my mind in doing so
Referred onto a trauma therapist
Already ahead of you there
So I guess I sometimes just feel like I don't really *need* to complain or vent because even if nobody listens to me or has the chance to intervene, they don't have to anyway because I'll still be alive, even if people don't do anything to help
I want to exist and do things
I think this is why I just don't really like complaining. Because even after everything I just said, I still do have a will to live
7 AM follow up: at least I still have the will to live, right?
Because if I'm not OK, I don't know who or what could even help me, so I have to be convinced and believe that everything is fine, even if I'm really not
To be around everyone, yes, but also to convince myself enough that I'm OK
Idk I guess I just feel like I feel like I have to appear to be happy, stable and someone who gives off a positive vibe to be around
I just realised I don't really openly talk about negative feelings as much as I used to
There are *plenty* of other servers with people who I'm actually closer to, who know me better and everything else for me to be venting in but I feel like I should do it here precisely because of that
And even then, you still won't be guaranteed to make the right decisions all the time
Learning to deal with a lot of things comes with time and experience
Sometimes I get the feeling that you expect or hope for there to be an easy answer or a way to just "get better"
Understand that things take time is an important one
The Black Panthers are an interesting case because they had an organised manner to their violence.
It just seems extremely strange that anyone would feel the need to say that as it's a redundant point.
Then she played ignorant.
The response was specifically "no, all lives matter" after a photo of a black person's arm and a white person's arm holding hands was posted.
They *must* know what they're doing, right? Nobody can possibly say that and be completely ignorant as to what that implies.
Thoughts on people who respond "all lives matter" to #BlackLivesMatter?
*properly
Nvm I just looked at the actual executive order poperly
What's even worse is that it sounds like y'all are getting internet censorship now
Yeah
It's quite well known now tbh
Locked down a lot of public stuff a long time ago tbh
Doxxing is a plausible threat but solvable by having basic security
But I can at least say I'm still alive and getting somewhere
I've rode out decisions I made and I still can't say how things would've been different
Similar situation, *so many times*
Wait, that was last year, nvm
They're, rather
He's not social distancing
What a disgrace
Idk how US laws and politics works
Genuinely?
This could go either way tbh
No it's fine
If someone else wakes up tomorrow, they probably won't feel like drinking
You know what's convenient about this is
Had a few glasses of whiskey
Sorry if I'm not so coherent
yeah but there's a long waiting list
*Someone* has to remember it
You can't just "forget" all the bad shit that's happened
If we're talking medically, I literally exist to suffer
You could almost argue I literally exist to suffer
Where I automatically hate people and it ends up bad because I edxepcted it to
And it usually becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy
And generally pessimistic
And I can't help but feel bitter and distrusting about most people
I remember all the shit that happened to us
Me specifically
*Why are we still here? Just to suffer?*
I know that's a meme
I kind of sometimes feel like I exist just to suffer
Sorry forgot to vent
I get it, there's certainly a different feel to it
As long as you're OK and doing what's most confortable
No I understand that
Continuing from what I was about to say, Aria, if you need to, fel free to DM me
Oh got i6t
Let me catch up slow at reading rn
Hold on
Wait
Aria?
I don't want to interrupt the previous discussion
Is it alright if I vent here?
*hugs if wanted*
:c
Get away with hate crime if you're a cop innit
I uh
People to be around who care
People
I just want
I'm not even romantically lonely is t he thing
Just the mere thing of "I bet you wish you had friends this good" was already annoying
Honestly anime of any type hit some of us hard
Until then, there's only so much the others can do
Waiting list for a trauma therapist
And I drew the short straw
A brain hack so you don't have to let them sit and fester
That's what DID/OSDD/DDNOS is though, isn't it?
I feel for you, I really do
Idk about that
Even decided to wish said person the best of luck in their future, because truly I don't want things to go bad for them
Still feel like shit
Done and dusted
I also feel like I won't be taken very seriously
Idk
It's just
Doesn't make it any easier or less ethically fucked
Yeah, and the person I most harshly spoke to because of my distrust has since forgiven me and shown genuine understanding for my reasons
Or had a conversation with me at the wrong time
You wouldn't be glad I exist if you met me earlier
Idk
I just like
Because if it was me every day, I would've developed alcohol dependency
How convenient that if someone else wakes up in the morning, we won't get addicted to alcohol
But I drank enough to make the thoughts stop
I'm in VC with a friend also drinking
Unless you don't want to ofc
Please stay
How old are you?
*definitely* worth exploring
And as for finding decent boundaries, depends on the relationship imo. If you can't communicate well then it's probably a bad relationship for everyone
That's quite a thing to admit to
Like, what separates romance from platonic?
Is this how to tell whether a feeling is romantic?
That was pretty fast
Sobered up
THAT
IRINA YES
MOOD
YES
I stopped drinking because I know I'll pass out if I have another 2 or more glasses
I'm probably being incoherent and unthoughtful rn sorry I'm trying everything I can rn to stay awake
I want to feel like being able to relate to others again
No, more than one person
Is close
I just want someone who actually like
So it's not even the romantic thing that's the issue
Truth is, I actually have a gf rn
Shitfaced rn
Don't question it
Us? I? Idfk
Because I feel as though too much bad was done for people to care about any of us again
I (as in all of us) feel lonely
If you can't, have you considered the possibility of being aromantic
Fall in love too much
But christ, maybe acknowledge that most of them are probably unable to make their own decisions and are literally vulnerable individuals?
Nobody says you have to enjoy being around children, or have to be a parent or take care of them
This whole thing of "I hate kids and they deserve what's coming" is extremely toxic imo
Not a large group, but
Some people seem to be talking about attacking the kids
One thing I'm kind of finding is really fucked is that
Oh lmao
As in, you tweeted it?
You posted it?
Literally some kids who's parents just dropped them off there?
Civilian militia, right?
But I swear, they are NOT 17
I mean, being able to enlist at 16/17 is still bad already
Are they really 17?
Honestly
Holy fucking shit
https://twitter.com/foxwoundband/status/1266613385862447104
Holy shit I just saw a video
Why
What
Who
What the actual fuck?
Wait
What
Right anyway the point is, I'm sure there's a lot of people here, regardless of age, who will have experience that can help you explore those feelings further
~~Whoops did I overshare~~
There is still *so much* I've yet to experience, but I think that did force me into a lot of experience
I can live with that though. I rent a place in the city and I'm moving onto my final year of my degree at uni
Called the police after being beaten up one too many times
A lot of difficult decisions were made, I got sick of his shit
When I said "life-shaping" I didn't mean "I once lit up a joint at some party"
I don't see my dad anymore
My dad would lose it if I was handwriting the wrong way
Being taught that man must be manly?
But I've dealt with my fair share of shit already, not saying that I've seen everything but I've already had some life-shaping moments
21 As well, but slightly younger from the sounds of it
Not everyone is going to have the same worth of experience across their lifetime
I mean it's all about experience with specific things, right?
Kind of a downer
Looks like that probably won't happen now
I was going to be in Allgäu working in the Alps apparently
With the Rettungsdienst (ambulance service), my flight and insurance and accommodation was being paid for
Just remembered I'm supposed to be in Bavaria in July
She's allowed to be upset, sure. But as someone who's been on both ends of this situation, the one broken up with and the one breaking up, this is what I took away from those experiences
Needing to work on yourself first before you can invest yourself in a relationship
You did what you felt was needed for the sake of both of your health, it sounds like to me
But at some point the realisation has to come that "appreciating help" doesn't mean "giving a relationship back"
It fucking hurts, yeah, when you love someone a lot and would put up with all their shit just to be with them
People aren't *entitled* to being in a relationship, as difficult as it is to accept that
I broke up with someone pretty shortly after we started going out because I needed time to sort out everything going on upstairs
Honestly reading through this, there wasn't anything wrong you did
People might hate what I'm gonna say but
Oh ofc I know, it was just a second observation lmao
Is this entire server just really gay
There's a reason to it and it's for the sake of normalising that LGBT+ people exist
Christmas is just a celebrated holiday, pride month is an educational campaign (as I repeat)
And it's literally done nothing to inconvenience anyone I work with
I wear the trans flag on a badge when I go out into work because I want to express and represent because I have the freedom to
Not only is it just an awareness and education campaign, it's also just freedom of expression
The whole point of the month is an educational and awareness month
That's a hot take
Take care Aria
Which, doesn't seem to be working out too well
It's also pridefall
If onigiri *really* just doesn't get it, I don't see what else can be said
I don't think this is going to get anywhere
And quite frankly, the issues that pride month was made to combat against are a lot more serious than just annoyance over seeing a rainbow
As annoying as you think it might be, there's a reason pride month exists
It's all well and good to say you don't think LGBT+ people should be discriminated but discrimination doesn't end overnight with some effort put into it
Especially in the UK
It's a big thing
<:ZweiHug:672455346949980170>
Damn, I'm going to be sending a lot of hugs today aren't I?
Oh yeah, I appreciate this server
Hm?
Honestly just feeling an appreciative mood for the people around, both IRL and in online communities
Really love how this server is so global and everyone can come together in solidarity for each other
Also just
Absolute unit who could kill me in a single punch
Thanks, was honestly massive anxiety training with him for the first time lmao
I often got paired with other women in the class for wrestling, I didn't ask but he figured it would be more comfortable for me
Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Congratulated me on coming out when I did (he somehow already clocked onto me being trans before I even told him)
On a wholesome note, my BJJ coach was supportive of me being trans
Been generally good where I am
But yeah
What a fuck up
Find that shit fucking hilarious honestly
The thing about the UK is that if there's an event that TERFs can be at, they'll be there
But they're vocal enough to be a visible issue
TERFs aren't like, literally everywhere
I mean, this isn't the only city that's somewhat good
Signs were put up to say that TERFs will be banned if they spread propaganda
The gay village has now collectively banned TERFs from all of their bars
However, the city I'm in is half-decent
UK is correct
Too bad I live on TERF island
Pick a side! /s
And I don't want her to believe Nikola is just a shitty friend who forgot her existence
I know very little about this person beyond "was in high school with us"
But I have to say it because like
This is in serious discussion because while I'm trying to word it humorously, it feels kind of weird
I didn't see your message
What
Except I obviously didn't word it like that
The person you knew is gone, Meiyi remains now
Talking to an old high school friend like
And make sure they get regular testing
As long as people follow a DIY regimen and not just go eh fuck it I'll inject however many mg
It'll either be really obvious, or it'll show up in a blood test
If someone is smart, they'll stop if they notice anything going wrong
And as to whether it's safe or not, it really depends on the person
It's not prescribed, but it's not *completely* unmonitored either
And get regular blood tests
They do order the medication themselves and administer it to themselves, but following an established regimen
Yes, and no
What do you mean?
Not a subreddit of trans carpenters
Yes, HRT DIY lmao
Most of my friends I met from joining societies and other stuff
There's only one person I really talk to on my actual course (and for reasons I don't really like her all that much anymore)
Societies, idk if they're called anything different in the US
But I find you have to actively find groups to join
College-level is generally less shit
I believe that's still you too
Matt did say y'all, so
No u indeed
I'm still nb
No this doesn't make me trans fem I just like doing this thing
I mean, being nb, it kind of does feel that way sometimes when people try to assign "girl" to things I do
Yeah ofc, and I would be as well tbh
I wouldn't say it's a "culture" within the trans community but there are some people that are too deep into that meme and just use it in that kind of boundary-crossing manner
Not that it makes it excusable at all
It's *kind of* a meme, r/egg_irl
Gender is the cultural thing
But see this as different from gender
But the point is that I would think the society still recognises their assigned birth
Idk if people such as 2 spirit Native Americans would consider themselves all trans
"Transgender" fits for the western idea of gender
That's the thing
And as a result, just ended up researching cultural third gender in general
I looked into this a lot because I wanted to find out if there was ever a third gender in Chinese culture
Hijra, right?
Which is why some societies have 3rd genders
Or assign a particular Gender to a behaviour
How many societies may place certain roles based on someone's sex
For example
Gender is more of the societal concepts, usually placed on sex
I have a complicated answer to this
Right
I get the feeling that's most fandoms
At least something has finally been done about it
*hugs*
Absolutely justified
B r u h
Can you TL; DR it?
This is a download
Someone like that should not have such a level of exploitable influence
Absolutely justified
If the reason I think it is doesn't turn out to be the case and there's something completely wild that none of us ever knew about then holy shit
Or at least, I think I do?
It's weird because I do know
I know I can be quite functioning, be doing well at things and still have a mental illness with it, that doing well in life isn't mutually exclusive
It just feels like my life goes *too* well for me to have PTSD, which is stupid thinking I know
Well, I say hard to believe, but at this point I wouldn't be surprised
Not really been diagnosed at all either yet, getting told by the nurse that it sounds like PTSD isn't a diagnosis
It's hard to believe that it is
But knowing what it is doesn't help or stop it from happening
I didn't believe it at first since I never thought myself to have PTSD
I already know what it is. The nurse was just straight up like "You have PTSD"
Sometimes I feel like I exist outside of this world, like I'm a ghost just watching people live and pass by
"People help others because it makes them feel good" OK so when am I gonna start to feel good about helping other people
And if not useless, disconnected
I feel so goddamn useless sometimes
Curse of Balal strikes again
But also how it's a personal issue with me (when it comes to having identity crises)
I loved it because of its parallels with my social psychology studies
What I loved about MGS2 is that it works on a personal level too
If he can't tell us his address, how is he gonna tell the taxi driver?
My manager wanted to send him home in a taxi but I said to him no
Throwback to the time when I was on a 12 hour shift and then had to stay on for another hour and a half overtime because some guy who possibly had dementia refused to leave without an ambulance
So I don't get paid
Volunteer first aider
I turn up to the next meeting and don't mention it
Don't talk
Because after every shift I just kind of
Not a whole lot, I just needed to get this out there somewhere
It's not all bad. Sometimes the patient is actually breathing, conscious and can talk to you
I'll be fine. I never really forgot it, I mostly just tried to not think about it
Not hype obviously, sarcasm
Hype
Only the documents I file are about people fucking dying lmao
It's like filing documents in the office
It's just work innit
Because obviously, the events I describe are distressing as fuck
Content warning
Thank fuck that when I got there, I paused to assess the situation first rather than assuming
Was actually someone disabled who was having a panic attack, and if I started smacking them on the back that would've been THE OPPOSITE OF HELPFUL
Wrong
So you know, it seems like it's a choking incident, right?
It was in the fucking FOOD COURT
Radio call to someone struggling to breathe
FUCK MORE MEMORIES
||Can't think too much about how the person in front of you is dead/potentially dead, you just have to detach and dehumanise to a slight degree and think of it as just like filing a document||
Just kind of got put in that same kind of mind again after playing the game
Work is rough
Until now, I almost never thought about it again and only ever talked about that shift as "it was so fun but I missed my fav songs"
CW: back of head injury, collapse, possible death, epileptic seizure ||I was called to an epileptic seizure in which someone had fell backwards and smacked her head on the ground, just laying there and not moving. It was really difficult to find her through the crowd since it was an Amon Amarth (Viking death metal) gig and by the time I got to her, another responder already reached her||
Something I blocked out of my memory just resurfaced while playing 911 Operator
Sorry that we've vented so much recently but
Holy fucking shit
https://twitter.com/wolfxmobz1/status/1270341739916787712?s=21
When did I become such a fucking waster
Some emails from beekeeping, except that's not entirely my fault. Due to COVID, I can't go beekeeping anymore
And then depression hit
I was really hyped and was going to decide on a walkout song into the ring and I bought 12oz gloves in preparation too
There's an email thread from back when I was supposed to have my second boxing interclub
One interesting one being when I tried to join the hunt sabs. I wanted to go out and save the foxes from hunters
Some of them are failed ambitions
Because most of those emails are of when I actually did things, and didn't just waste away indoors
And now I'm sad
Deleted several hundred messages
Just went through my inbox
In Harry Potter?
Yep
Gonna get some noodles later and try to calm down
And it had fully voice acted dialogue and everything, which put me in that old mindset again
The game made me answer a virtual 911 call to a suicide by drug OD
Fuck, and to think all this started because of a fucking video game
Alright, calming down now
But
And I was excited for it
Again, not getting paid for that, I was going to pay money to go work in Bavaria lmao
And idk if I can get that money back
Not only that but my internship with the Bavarian ambulance service is going to be cancelled because my flight was
Which I mentioned probably for the 100th time now
I'm on a break, after the hospital broke me
People aren't rational under emergency situations so they swear and shout at you
You sometimes do question why you even do it lmao
Eh
It's just a bit
So I said to him I didn't think so, explained my reasoning and we kept him where he was
Because I asked him "do you think he has mental capacity?" and he said yes
I guess my manager just had a lapse in judgement
But when giving the address, his speech was incomprehensible
He was able to answer some of our questions
So I guess I brought that on myself
What?
It's whataboutism
It's kind of saying "you can't complain because only some of you die rather than everyone!"
Yeah I meant that people who argue the West is the best place for progressivism is a non-argument
Considering everywhere in the world is shit
"Best" is a pretty low standard
But an internal comms email went round in support of BLM
Since we can't represent the organisation's politics or advocate any movement of party
We're usually not allowed to discuss politicd
Workplace just got political
Management sims are stupidly fitting for someone who feels like an AI
Gonna play some 911 Operator for a few mins
Plus, I didn't actually ask to switch, it just happened >:c
I want to be around but I don't want to feel emotions either
Nah
Society has progressed past the need for emotions
Done
Nvm
I'm like oh shit where have my emotions gone
Because when it actually happens
Except I don't
And dissociate and depersonalise
*bzzzzzz*
I just want to
How do I no thoughts head empty
I prefer not being in prison so I got off with being warned and told to move along
Even people just passing by
Back during the XR days, anyone could walk onto the occupation site and be committing a crime
Even more so with open borders
But I imagine it's certainly messy to break it up and deal with everyone involved
So I don't know about "legally"
CHAZ isn't legally a recognised state though, right?
Might not last too long, but cool as shit while it's around
It's cool as shit
Oh that
If you know what you're doing
I'd even argue underhanded debate tactics are actually useful sometimes
Someone could be completely wrong and illogical yet sway the audience and narrative
That's an oversimplified view of how debates work
I don't think of arguments in terms of who won or lost
No, but it is a non-argument
"all traditions"
Yeah maybe chill a little, pretty sure we're all somewhat agreed
Honestly couldn't tell you, idk if there is an answer
Because human brain weird
Anything that sets them apart from the rest of the world
I think people hold onto anything that feels like identity
Yeah, but unfortunately social psychology is a lot more complex than that
Yes, black Peter right?
Because especially in Europe, it's easy to say "haha America dumb"
And not falling into that trap
I think what's important is recognising the issues of your own country
It's a non-argument against criticism, is what I was saying
Because even if the US were the best, it still doesn't mean the US is actually good, just less shitty
I was saying the tweet is a non-argument
I don't think you get where I'm coming from
Apparently there were far-right counter protesters in London
"Nazi" is trending on UK twitter
And then have the right to do just that
They want to defend their right to express how much they think others shouldn't have rights
People who say they're defending free speech are probably these kinds of people
Because that would be saying "I respect your right to talk, so I'm going to kill you for being non-white instead"
You can't defend free speech so you can spout Nazi bs
As in
Free speech and authoritarian ideologies are uncompatible like that
Which, is fucked up, bio says they're a minor, but at least they're taking steps to protect
Probably got attacked for the xenogenders post
Says protected for me too
Who fucking knows with most of this anyway. I'm just thinking, if a lesbian dates me, they're still valid as a lesbian, even if I'm bigender
This isn't to discredit the xenogenders defence at all, I just noticed it in the bio and wanted to say something about it
Still messy to define what "wlw" would be, but significantly less
If gender is as complex as everyone says, then "not liking men" wouldn't be a possible definition anyway
It's about defining lesbian on the basis of being wlw rather than on the basis of "not liking men"
Bi/pan lesbian is more like, wlw who are also bi/pan
Men can be bi too
Some of my friends do consider themselves to be bi/pan lesbians so absolutely not a troll thing
Defence of xenogender while gatekeeping that label seems a bit contradictory to me
It's a whole discourse as to whether bi/pan people can be lesbians since they're attracted to women
Lol the hypocrisy
"bi/pan lesbians go away"
That person's bio
Can I just say
It's <#336297840529899522> so maybe not
This is a fair point, I don't live there so I wouldn't know what it's like. I hope it doesn't escalate too much
Skirmishes aren't unheard of in the region
Definitely going to be a mess at the very least
It's a diplomatic mess but I would assume neither side wants to deal with nuclear powers
Hopefully not
Shouldn't go into full war, right?
Because of contested border regions
Isn't shit just super tense in general over there?
I just quit because it wasn't doing me any personal good, not out of any sympathy for TERFs
That's not why I quit browsing it
For example, I used to browse r/gendercynical. I honestly couldn't give a shit that the TERFs are getting insulted and mocked
I agree with y'all on the practical level but
Just gonna say, on a moral level, I don't really feel sympathetic towards someone like the above example, who probably literally doesn't believe in my own rights
Then again, it'd take a lot of restructuring of how we perceive "mentally healthy" for it to be considered
If at all
There's already effective methods for anxiety, depression, all that, sure. Still curious about how it could work with other mental illnesses though
But admittedly I'm still curious about speculating on its application in clinical psychology
“[Tulpamancy] could have radical implications for the treatment of schizophrenia and other malignant psychoses… In the age of big pharma and the marketing of madness… "tulpa-therapy" could offer a free alternative that doesn’t require institutionalisation and social isolation.”
“[Tulpamancers’] happiness levels were assessed through a variety of qualitative interview tools,” writes Veissière. “[The results] suggest that the experience of tulpamancy has an overwhelmingly beneficial impact on their general happiness.”
What interested me was:
And then doing a wow look at these people who do something so niche/outrageous/extreme/whatever else
To me, most of this article is just VICE doing their thing of finding something "weird" to make a good story out of
https://www.vice.com/en_uk/article/exmqzz/tulpamancy-internet-subculture-892
Is this really that common of a thing?
And the bane of the first year of my degree
It's one of the common therapy approaches
Yeah, that's what the psychodynamic approach is
It doesn't necessarily draw out old memories, but it does connect past experience with current thought and behaviour
I think psychodynamic approach is useful in that
So far, it's appeared to work on one person, and didn't work on another
And if someone tells me they want me to try, I want them to be absolutely sure
I've only ever did it once because there is risk of suggesting false memory
No idea if it worked but
I did some quack doctor equivalent on a friend lmao
You do hypnosis?
God I sure hope academia works out
It sounds like an extremely complicated and difficult to standardise method
That's assuming I reach that PhD in the first place
I probably won't end up looking into it, in all seriousness
When I'm in my PhD research, I'll put up a gofundme and ask everyone here to fund my research so you can all find out the answer /s
It doesn't inconvenience me
If someone tells me they created an anime girl/whatever else/whoever else, I'll just say "yeah OK"
That's seriously long-term thing though, I've barely finished my undergrad
Because unfortunately, I'll have to convince backers that my research is worth funding
Whether this will ever be worth researching in the future though is another question
My thoughts are it doesn't really matter if it's deviating from normality, as long as it has a clear effect on maximising happiness and living standards
Idk
I'm just all about maximising happiness and living standards tbh
That's what catches my attention
The idea of using it as a form of therapeutic technique for the likes of damage control of stuff like schizophrenia symptoms
I'm going to have my thoughts about it but it's not my issue to deal with
If someone wants to make an anime girl companion to live with them, fine, not my problem
But scientifically, it makes me curious
Personal thoughts and judgement
I have like
It's been around that long?
What
Wasn't expecting anyone to just come in here and say "oh yeah I've had experience with that" lmao
You had a lot of interesting input in the conversation
Like, genuinely
Hope to see you around
"Anxiety overload"
It's nice seeing you around in the server
Well, I'm glad you're around
And then people never seek any kind of help at all
I think sometimes we can get caught up in thinking "my issues aren't as bad"
Whether it's clinical depression or not
My honest opinion is that if you're feeling shit for quite a while, it's not wrong to seek support
I was already referred at the time but was on the waiting list
Since then, I finally got allocated to a mental health team
I genuinely appreciate it
Thanks Cypher
Tulpamancy I mean, not attempted suicide
Eh it's not too big of a deal I think, like a lot of people do it?
Unfortunately in Nikola's case, getting me was having someone to fight with lmao
But yeah, I guess with tulpas you could have someone to talk to
Nah things have been fine physically
Don't really get migraines at all
"A while" since then, rather
I haven't really had issue with that in a while
Yeah, I think
This was a recent thing I did
Yeah
So, not so fun for her. Someone else stopped me by throwing away the entire stockpile in the skip
Warning for suicide and drug overdose talk ||I went out and bought a load of aspirin and googled how much a fatal dose is, and was getting ready to stockpile enough at the start of lockdown to put an end to everything||
It's mostly just like, so before me there was Nikola
I promise I'm not, just bad wording
Fucking hell, I sound bitter don't I lmao
I guess things can turn out a lot better for you when you have more control over it
But that's not my place to judge
What would push them to be in a shitty enough situation for it
As in, I could never understand why someone would willingly want this
That's why I could never understand it tbh but
Kaiyo and I
We as in
No I meant
Huh
That's how I see it
It's basically an attempt to achieve what we are rn
Not gonna like, shame you or heavily judge or criticise or anything
In the end, it was your personal choice
Well not no reason, but happening outside your control
Rather than just happening out of control for no reason
The idea is that it's usually created with some kind of intent behind it
Different to how it works for us though because
We'll be here if you need to talk
Easily preventable diseases will always be a thing though
*So* much worse lmao
<:KirikaScared:672584678993297431>
I think it's why so many people go around having so much unsorted
But this idea of having some need to know everything as soon as you turn 18
Yeah, and I'm an adult in British law too
Google is a friend
As in, I wouldn't expect everyone to know something like that
Because that's not even like, basic things imo
That kind of lack of knowledge?
Wait
Like paying bills fuck help pls idk how to sort my bills lmao
Well, there has to be a first time for everything
What do you feel you don't know?
I fucking hate that it's an acronym for something else because I can't be taken seriously now
Cognitive-Behavioural Therapy
The therapy, not the other thing
Which is what they do in CBT
General negativity is a matter of finding ways to change the way you think
Wild
Yeah, some servers I'm in have people doing it
Obviously not just in Poland, but also there
Isn't the far-right on the rise?
From an outsider's POV (who doesn't really follow news or politics in general) it's always just sounded like Polish politics are fucked and chock full of right-wing groups
Is there any right candidate in the Polish elections?
Thank fuck holy shit
What the fuck
What the hell
Damn, sucks how one thing can set the mood for the day sometimes
That's super wholesome
I mean, sounds like the day got better haha
Sometimes when I get in a depressive mood, I realise it might be because I ate too much sugar
Could it be related to anything from yesterday?
I think sometimes one of those days just happens
Voy is a lot more childish
If they were to come into DMs, I would be able to instantly tell who it is
Now you know
Like
Honestly
Ten and Voy talk very differently
Thoughts that just happen and you don't want them but you can't stop them?
Rad, do you ever get intrusive thoughts?
What do you mean Rad?
Yeah maybe don't start drama?
I'm so used to finding out someone I know either personally or through someone else just passes away each year
It also sucks that right now the one thought running through my mind is just "another one as usual, right?"
Even when you don't really like someone that much, it still sucks to hear
But even still, this sucks
She did some things that were a little eh and my friends and I (privately) vented
Not directly bullying or anything but
I think I mostly just feel like shit because we've not been the nicest at times
But we found out today
God knows
(Suicide) ||someone in a server I'm in took her own life||
Because he believed there was going to be a communist rebellion or smth
Didn't he have a shit ton of ammo and explosives?
Much appreciated
Thanks for the responses everyone
I'm glad that he made it
So now I'm prepared for my pet to die
I knew a lot of humans who died
For me, it was the opposite
It's funny because people buy their kids pets so that they can get used to death
I think I'm prepared for that
One day I'll go back to my parents and he just won't be there to pick up and hold his face
Pretty sure it'll happen while I'm away from home
Waiting for my cat to be next tbh
I don't think about it for longer than a few hours at a time now
I failed school and dropped out
The one time someone close to me passed away and I stopped to think about it, my life turned to shit
I'll wake up tomorrow and forget about it
I'm jaded
Tbh, this
You were gonna ask if it was one?
Hostile takeover?
So she'd rather not
If she asks us if she can talk to someone, we let her, but it's just like paying bills and existence is suffering right
Voluntarily not around so much
Dw it wasn't like a communist rebellion in the system or anything
And now she's here like, maybe once a month for a few hours
For whoever was fronting in our system and found out first, it was Nikola
If we want to get into developmental psychology, there's also the hypothesis that personality development like that doesn't happen until past ages 7 to 9
Nobody is technically the one from birth
There are people who are around as fronting "first" or have memories of childhood, but yeah
Which one is the "original" piece
And it shatters into 100 pieces
If I have a bowl and I drop it
Because here's the thing
It's quite a philosophical question you ask
Not really
Well
Go ahead
Yes
Why are you asking this?
But bad decisions like that don't deserve this kind of fate
And I guess I'm just frustrated that she didn't
I know it's emotional self-harm and we did really try to get her to stop
Exposing herself intentionally to people who would hate her
She just went on the worst parts of 4chan and r/roastme
Definitely not
I'm just dealing with the contradiction of both not really liking someone but also believing they don't deserve something this bad
I didn't know her well
Her friends informed mods in the server
Announcement made
Not this
I was hoping she'd end up making smarter decisions to take care of herself
But certainly not someone who deserved that
I still believe she was an idiot, yeah. She did a lot of things that I just thought weren't very smart and I still do
It's just
I'm still thinking about the one who took her life from my other server
I'm ngl
Fuck Europe too though
There's such a hivemind of going "haha America bad"
The Carolnein analogy is good for symphogear fans
Well so like in reply to Lucy
I know, dw
It's a joke
Because she saw me say I cried at symphogear
No she did one of those like gasps people do when they see something cute
LUCY STOP SPYING ON ME
~~I cry at every episode of symphogear~~
Didn't know I was as powerful as a demon
That's a bit of an ego boost
Demonic possession lmao
People kind of described it as scary tbh
I used to post really hostile vents in servers about Nikola for pushing things on me
Yours is a different kind of guilt lmao
Hug's a hug
Lots of me swearing and losing my shit, and then Kaiyo having to come and apologise
But yeah, if you knew me earlier, our conversations in this server would probably go a lot differently
For you all
<a:HibikiHug:656221774240808960>
You know what
I haven't really felt annoyed by anyone here
But you're all chill
I'm the one in the system who will make it obvious if I don't like you
But yeah, if I don't like you, you'll know
But I'm a lot more careful about exactly who it is I'm fighting with
I'm still often in a really fighty mood
And I guess that empathy just felt calming
And some people I used to fucking hate before, learnt to understand why I felt the way I did
Since then, I met people I trust
And then Kaiyo came along and basically worked hard to pull our shit together
Which, the others obviously weren't happy with me for
Before I just straight up decided to rebel and cut off our friends
Which led to me arguing a lot with other people and having the others have to apologise on my behalf
So any friends we had, I would feel really on edge and easily agitated
And I fucking hated everyone around us because people were shitty to us at the time
I sort of "started existing" during a difficult time
Not great
Yeah I was
But anyway
Yeah
I just heard her go "awww" over VC
Lucy's spying on us omg
~~Tfw it was me~~
We're all here
I agree with Matt
(Oh ignore me sorry)
Not general lmao
Uh, this is serious
I can explain the medical side of things
I have thoughts to add to this, if that's alright?
This was a thing that happened?
If it gets too much for Voy
Could it possibly be something I could help with?
I don't think a conversation is needed for part 2
Part 1 and 2 sounds good
And that'd be enough
Just the first sentence of the second part
Getting too long
<:headpat:594915096321458268>
It was a very good analogy
That's about the quickest way to explain it
How can I give in to Shirabe
And on behalf of Lucy, I advocate her mecha robot analogy because she's blackmailing me over VC to advocate it
There's obviously more info, but that's some deep dive shit that not everyone needs to know
That's about it
What "plural" means and what "systems" are
I think the only thing that needs explaining is that
Nikola isn't really the "original"
No
It's that kind of question
If you have a bowl and you drop it and it shatters, which piece is the original piece?
Voy yeah
I mean that's banned in general anyway
No NSFW?
Trauma therapists usually deal with this
It's sorted with the diagnosis of Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID) or Other Specified Dissociative Disorder (OSDD)
When things aren't going well, it's usually sorted in therapy
Nobody said she deserved this though, ffs
About how she worked for BAE systems, an arms company
Again, privately, not directly to her
We also may have made a throwaway comment
But we just vented with each other because she was continuously doing harmful things to herself when we were trying to stop her
We didn't say it to her
It was in a deleted server
I can't look  up what was said
Share the sin, I guess
So at least someone who shared those conversations with me, we can sort of
I just informed one of those friends
And this is what all that led to
We were frustrated
We tried to help and it wasn't getting anywhere
I still don't think I did anything wrong
There were 2 friends who I vented to privately when she was doing harmful things to herself
Idk
Another one I'm in, who I've mentioned
Not this one
From the server
Someone called Victoria
Feels weird being on discord in the middle of a funeral
It started
Just in time for the memorial livestream to air
I switch in and
Well
You truly are BEST computer
Make our own broth
Regular noodles
We also just eat like
I mean
Like, amnesia?
Some of them seem *a bit* far fetched
The Totally Spies list
Ngl
I thought it was just a coincidence
Holy shit
Wait, that's what?
I wish I never found out
I didn't know about the Dan Schneider thing until recently
I've never really looked into power sources all that much as a political issue
I'm not sure what I really think tbh
A lot of leftmost parties are also environmentalist too
Environmentalist?
"Left" is very broad
That was a genuine question btw
Idk, what is with the left and nuclear power?
Huh?
No as in if the rest of us never existed
Then again I wouldn't get to hug gf
I normally enjoy existing but it's times like this where I think "maybe it would be easier if Nikola was the only one who ever existed"
Oh dear, it's mixed feelings time
<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
Because of something written on paper
They'll just completely forget everything I've done and accomplished
It wouldn't matter how well I've done at work
But I feel like they could just like, forget all that
I've been working for a year and not a single thing has gone wrong
Medic
But yeah, I also worry about losing my job
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
I know, what can someone with one brain cell do
If tilt brush allows me to make something that big
One thing that would be nice would be to redraw dad's house
So I can't just go back and recreate the scene
Sometimes it's a concert hall and not a public street
The difficult thing is, I can't go back to all the places
If someone fucking dies while I'm at work I'll probably need to RP
Everyone in the system
Well, not just me
I figure it'll help me a lot
And walk round those memories, looking at everything from different angles
If I can use tilt brush to recreate difficult memories
And it helped a lot
I needed that, I needed to RP the whole incident again
I didn't care that people probably thought I was being crazy
And I knelt down at the patient site and RPed the whole thing
And I had her follow me round the path I took
I took a friend to the place where it all happened, and I stood where I received the radio call and pretended to talk on the radio
And then my partner called me in the morning the next day, and I burst into tears again
When I got home that night, I burst into tears
"Yeh m8 got ur message cheers"
So I'd have to radio a second time "control control, this is SJA, please confirm last message received, over"
I would radio in to give an update and they wouldn't acknowledge
Which btw, was run by idiots
So despite it being my first day, I ended up being the one who had to radio and communicate with the control centre
And we also had only one radio for the whole team
Take the fucking pulse you fucking idiots
You know exactly what I asked for
Fuck you
Like
They just gave me blank stares
I asked again a few mins later, still nothing
I asked, they didn't give me a number
And I needed pulse readings but none of my colleagues FUCKING TOOK THE PULSE
I was stressing big time
And when I tried to ask his wife for details, she burst into tears
And the guy's friends were yelling at us out of panic
It was an unknown loss of consciousness
My first patient at work
Like
I was getting £7 an hour while I could've made £9 an hour serving shots in a bar
I was underpaid and undertrained at one of my social care jobs
But what is bs is that
I signed up for this of my own free will, knowing I won't get paid
I volunteered for this though
All this is absolute bs.
Rad's right.
You know what?
Fuck them
Adult responsibilities

Kaiyo doesn't speak to her anymore now anyway so it works out in the end
So I didn't
but, don't interfere with what other people want to do, was what friends told me
The instant I found out about this person, something was off
(For context, Kaiyo used to be Voss)
I mean, I called it

Didn't know if I was just being petty over this or if I had reason to be at least somewhat annoyed
Anyway, thanks
Kaiyo's already decided she no longer likes her so I guess I was right and it worked out lmao
They did a lot of dodgy red flag things, but I thought I'd just not sabotage this
I knew they were trouble the moment we met them, but I wasn't gonna interfere
(Angry rambling) ||Go fuck yourself you fucking spineless bitch, you don't deserve Kaiyo's time||
If you hated it so much why you asking
And dares to have the nerve to ask again if we're gonna continue it lmao
To me that translates as "I don't give a shit about the time I spent with you and will deny and distance myself from it when others ask"
"I'm only watching it 'cause Kaiyo suggested it"
Because, get fucked
So I just ignored them when they asked again if Kaiyo will be continuing the anime
I find that absolutely fucking spineless and a spit on the time spent
Only to turn around and say the complete opposite when in public or around others
It's more so that they actively told us that they want to keep watching with us and that they find it interesting
It's not about whether or not they enjoyed anime, if they said "no this isn't for me that's fine" then sure that'd be chill
Instantly refuses to admit to enjoying anime and showing embarrassment for it around others
Watched code geass with a friend
Pretty sure it's a dick move on their part
Not an asshole, right? If someone says something like this
(First two screenshots are public servers, third is private)
Get fucked
Lol



Sometimes there's good moments
Thanks, it's not always stressful
OK
And I don't get paid
The sort of discount version of an EMT lmao
First aider
I know research already exists in implementing it for PTSD treatment
Tbh, from the perspective of an aspiring clinical psychologist, I'm really curious as to how VR technology will develop for medical applications
And all of us can explore the house again without fear of (child abuse) ||when we'll next get punched in the face||
Imagine this fuckin 19 year old in a skirt who doesn't even know who the fuck you are shows up at your child's house and is paid to make sure nobody gets hurt for 14 hours
And I didn't recognise who they were, because I was never briefed on the client
The second shift, his parents came because of the hospitalisation incident
And I'm not talking about me
This is fucking *scary*
I said no
They asked me to work the next day after my second shift so I would do three 14 hour shifts in a row
You bet I quit that job after my second 14 hour shift
Haha hot damn do I LOVE working £7 an hour for RISK OF HOSPITALISATION
They actually emailed me AFTER the shifts like "oh hey whoops this is actually kind of important, you need to do the online training and the care certificate because you're technically not supposed to be working without that certificate but don't tell anyone!"
Not to mention, they didn't even provide any training
I'm legally old enough to be put in danger now, this is fine
Yeah. This is fine lol
Just like
And there was 19 year old me
And my coworker got hospitalised because of an incident
So I spent 14 hours on both my weekends on my first days of the job at his house
Not to mention, I was immediately assigned to a severe risk person with support needs
I went to college and got my diploma in health and social care to get paid less than a job where I wouldn't need any qualifications
Probably wasn't that simple
I mean, even the leftcoms hated Lenin
Is it a case of good ideology, less great person?
Is there anything wrong with her actual ideology?
This is so sad
I thought Rosa was based
Things were that bad with Rosa?
Well I already am mad for obvious reason, but I cba arguing with them
I'll just virtually stare them down rather than get angry
I don't really feel like wasting too much energy
Nah
We haven't talked in over a month now
And now indirecting us in a server we're still in with the manipulative thing of "if you don't talk to me then I'll be suicidal"
*We told you exactly what you did wrong on multiple occasions but you just refused to acknowledge it or apologise*
Fuck you

As in, it's not something that people just automatically get
Isn't it kind of weird that consent has to be taught?
OK just a slight tangent here but
Into LGBT+ sex ed too
Because they went pretty in-depth where I was at
It baffles me when I find out some hardly get any at all
I don't think a ban really works but it's something to be considered, which I don't have the answer for
That point I can agree with tbh
And the culture that said porn is born from
Arguments can be made are of the society that said porn is being produced in
I don't think the issue is so much porn itself but about what kind of attitude the porn fosters
Well, not entirely I guess
That's a pessimistic reality to me
That
Yes
Consent education implies that someone isn't an asshole and doesn't know what they're doing
I always thought of it as "they're just assholes who know what they're doing"
Anyone who ever did anything unconsensual towards me or others
Or rather, add extra context to why I brought it up
OK, I think I have to rephrase my question again
Do you ever think we could reach a point where consent becomes the norm?
My question is more like, "how did this become such a problem in the first place?"
Don't get me wrong, consent being taught is indeed important
I'm not arguing against consent being taught
Maybe I'm just really closeted or something, idk
I can't imagine it ever being a rational thought that would've came into mine or anyone else's mind
See exactly that like Jesus fucking Christ I can't imagine anyone ever thinking flashing your penis publicly is an acceptable thing
Alright, that makes more sense
That teach otherwise
What I'm getting from this is that it's not obvious because of the culture and social values that someone is brought up in?
So maybe I didn't have the chance to experience poor understanding
Because I had sex ed many times growing up
Idk, maybe I just don't remember a time when I didn't understand it
And if it's not
It's more so that it feels like stating the obvious
That's not what I was arguing against
Yes, I know consent has to be absolutely clear
I don't get what I did?
Who you talking to?
What
\ehsy
Since it means that you can still prevent it and change it
The blitz spirit is also a propaganda myth
Given that he sold out Eastern Europe to the Soviets
He was a massive racist but I get the feeling most of Europe shouldn't like him either
Love the smell of nuclear fallout in the morning
That's not a good thing lmao
Right but
Literally only thing he's famous for is being PM during WW2
He was literally part of the allied betrayal right
You know
Given that
Also Rady I'm curious what you answered about Churchill
I'm literally an anarchist
Wtf
60%
It's a combination of patience and steady effort, rather than overnight overhauling
And seeking support for the depression and anxiety I was facing
What helped was having others who presented those opportunities to me later in life
Because I also felt pretty shitty at the time
This isn't to say the way you're feeling should be dismissed
In fact, I dropped out of high school because I failed
I was doing fuck all until 17/18
You're still pretty young Lec
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/717114781546577990/726239022623621140/image0.png
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
GLINNER'S ACCOUNT IS SUSPENDED
If you're not eating I'd be really concerned too tbh
Dependent on what sort of inconvenient it is
I don't mind the idea of covering up *some* inconvenient truths
Yes, it's dirty but probably works
Not a tankie, I wouldn't throw millions in a gulag for thought crimes
And I honestly, would not be against doing that
I find it a lot easier to paint someone against your goals as a villain
There's also a lot of social psychology that gets in the way
Not only is effort and education a barrier
On a mass public opinion level though?
On the individual level, sure
You read my mind
Lmao
That
Yes
This is gonna sound like a lazy answer, but that's effort
Whether that's a person, an identity or whatever
But ofc, hard to stir up passion and support without a rallying point, right?
Rather than whether they mattered in their place in history at all or not
The legacy that influences the direction society takes
The impact of glorification of historical figures can have years after that person's gone
It's true, but I'm thinking a lot about the psychology here
It might not be "morally right" but I strongly believe that it's OK to manipulate public opinion for your own goals, even if it's hypocritical
But I recognise the impact and influence having individuals as propaganda has
I'm just not a huge fan of great man theory tbh
In fact, I wouldn't with anyone if it were possible
But in terms of glorification of historical figures, Churchill is not someone who I would
Of course, the quiz is a shit talking point to focus around
I still judge them as shit and still hate them as much as I would historical figures
A lot of people would be alright by the standards for the Overton window of today
Historical figures were shitty people
That's the thing though
1944
I'm constantly having an existential crisis, from low level hum to oh shit why the fuck do I exist
I do
Well the funny thing is
I remember Rad kept asking how we don't constantly have existential crises
Nice one. Thanks.
Sat through the whole thing. Wasn't a good idea.
I've got a lot of shit to put up and deal with and the post just wasn't very appreciated
Not a fan of "haha funny" at something that's pretty much daily life for me
No, I know exactly how I feel, this is just me trying to put it lightly to be polite
Not sure how I feel about what was posted in <#384870333620027403> tbh
I think they wanted to get at me, knowing I'd see the message
I doubt they're suicidal at all
There was also posting potentially triggering and serious topics in general channels
(That was after blocking though)
Saying that they were suicidal because I didn't want to talk to them
Such as, vagueposting at me in a public server
They got mad I blocked them because they did multiple things
This was why they ended up venting to my friend (as seen in the screenshot)
Blocked lol
But they've consistently shown a pattern of shitty behaviour, not just over this but other things too
If this was just a one off mistake I'd be fine
Thanks everyone
***Never do this.***
Don't do this.

Kind of 2 ways I can answer that tbh
And one which is 女心
One which is just ACAB with a cat
I have a custom design that I made which in context symbolises building on the rough ground of the past and surviving through it
One of them is a religious text and for me is an important life lesson
Most expensive one was £50
Already got several
YES
I just don't feel like I can stand by and watch, even if I never feel like I'll ever truly improve any situation I involve myself in
There's no real way for me to win at this and I don't expect myself to ever
Or they need space and time alone or spiral, and I feel as though I've failed
Either that person does feel better and they thank me, and I just feel like I have to do something else next
Maybe not the same thing, but everything I try to do to help, it does often feel like an uphill climb where I never actually reach the top
You have a soft spot for people doing stuff that they don't think they're fit for?
Ein I remember you saying something
(I am still here reading btw if you're still typing)
Yes, that would be amazing
It does trouble me because even though I've chilled out, I still don't expect people to be nice to me or like me and it's kind of a surprise when they do. I try to treat others right but I'm not sure if it's out of empathy or some kind of redemption guilt. A lot of friends have compared me to Chris because of this, saying I have heavy Chris vibes
As for my "existing since several months ago or maybe longer but not realising:" I initially started off holding only memories of any time people we knew having been hurtful towards us, which made me really distrustful and quick to dislike everyone initially. Not to mention, random hostility and aggression, as well as unstable mental condition
Certainly gives a level of perspective that I wouldn't have had otherwise
I would wish it never happened in the first place, but I imagine so many things I cherish now wouldn't be here. Sure, I might end up with other things to cherish, but they just wouldn't be the same
But at the same time, I wouldn't go back and change any of it from happening
I'll start with the "21 years of living answer:" it's been a shitty start, honestly I think the first 17 years of living with dad (which were not great, ended in police lights and moving out) have seriously affected us for a long time
Crisis averted
I got her to stop packing my shit away
Shit, what if she finds my bong
And then realised
Saw her putting away my bra and shit which felt awkward
Mum was going through my stuff to put it away in new apartment
Just not all
Idk people are pretty cool
Some of them at least
If they're knives intended for combat and weaponry then yeah
It depends what knives
If we're regulating other forms of weapons, even if their intended purpose isn't to kill, then I would say a standard needs to be applied to guns as well
The police actually stopped us one time for carrying a sword
I can't just fuckin walk round with a sword and say "it's OK I'm a fencer"
But even if it can be used for sport, many other tools for sport are still regulated
Tbh I can see the appeal behind gun go pew pew
Wait, you are too right?
I'm in Manchester and there was some guns going round the city for a while
Oh yeah I didn't mean legally
In the sense that, it was carefully applied to make sure it disadvantages marginalised populations most
Gun control has a complicated history
Nobody casually pulls out a gun on somebody like that
There's guns here but
Where the fuck do you live holy shit
My medic skills will do that instead :p
All the jiu-jitsu in the world couldn't save me from a well-placed stab wound, or multiple of them
I train but I'm not an idiot and not gonna charge against someone wielding a knife
Hands don't do anything against knives unfortunately
This is everything that's banned
https://www.gov.uk/buying-carrying-knives
Not everything is banned, it's more so carry that's banned
I can head into the city centre and just buy a pair of steel nunchucks
Like cane swords and stuff
Concealable knives
Stuff like switchblades are banned
But rather that people are more willing to speak out now
The difference isn't that there's more of it now
Tbh I would argue that sexual assault like this has always been going on
<:TsubasaAngry:692141154531016765>
For the right party I hope
And a poll is showing the opposite
And the media paints it as women not supporting trans rights
The argument always has been that trans rights is a threat to women
I think it's like
Checks out
Lol
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/uk-women-support-self-identification-transgender-people-boris-johnson-gra-a9616136.html
I see your point now
I stopped being an idiot and read the actual article
Wait
That was intentional tho
Not usually permanent
Dormancy is a thing
huh, cool
So you're Tartar?
Ancestors?
WHAT
Oh fuck that
The fuck is going on with these hacks?
Also
I'll take that on board, thanks
True
Not that I'm not gonna do anything about it, because I am
If only it were that easy. If it really is genuine trauma, then my hippocampus is fucked
But speaking a word in German is too far, crossed the line
I can handle someone dropping on the street and not waking up, and being responsible for their safety
Haha it's almost fucking stupid
Because mind reverts to 5 year old me and I expect to be shouted at any moment
And I start to shake
Speaking in a foreign language basically brings up the old memories
Whoops
Didn't see timestamps
Oh shit
It's not the most severe trauma I've experienced in my life, it's kind of low-tier tbh
It sounds trivial but I think I might be traumatised from languages
Speaking in a foreign language gives me a stupidly fucking high anxiety
It shouldn't make me shake so much but
And even if it was, I wouldn't really care because you're not a piece of shit
I doubt it's that bad
I'm an idiot
I missed that
Alright that makes sense
Oh yeah
A narrator?
Hold the fuck up
Wait
8 players using the same character?
We have 8, so what does that make us?
Rad do you have an inner monologue?
Well I'm gonna read into it anyway
I found out the origin of it, apparently some fuck on 4chan said that people who don't have internal monologues are NPCs
So you're an NPC?
I thought you're against PiS
What
Ohhh
What's an onion-man?
Is there cultural context missing here?
What the fuck
I live alone so I wouldn't know
Can't tell if I get night terrors
It's good that you care, just try and make sure you take care of yourself and know your limit as well. Sometimes you can't really do much more when someone can't accept help
I've made the mistake of doing so when someone I knew was struggling
You want to be encouraging and reassuring, not come across as hostile or aggressive
If you ever bring it up, don't force it too much
If she mentions it to you, then it's clear that she has a lot of trust in you to say it
Just being there for her to be empathetic and a small bit of encouragement when needed is as much as you can do
I really hope that she can eventually bring herself to get what she needs
One that can take a professional who knows what they're doing with health treatment
It's unfortunate because it's such a deeply-rooted psychological issue
<:HibikiWhat:336656482907193344>
I wasn't gonna dance around it and be immature around it.
I just said we broke up.
I don't get this?
Who?
So she wanted to end things.
Whether she's mistaking feeling validated from affection for romantic attraction.
She's not sure how she feels
Lucy and I broke up.
This is the correct chat.
Nope.
Yeah.
DMJii is no more.
Well.
Gonna just keep the server for emotes
Muted and hidden in a folder
Not sure if the second comment is sarcasm but
"why cant women feel empowered by having big titties and being attractive to men"
"almost every time i see a "tw // whatever" it's a stupid take"
Based
https://uniteasia.org/vocalist-chthonics-dayjob-taiwanese-legislator-dont-mess/
Wrong chat
Wait
WTF
OK
I hope everything will be OK.
I'm sure the situation Anand is talking about is one that was emotionally abusive
I'm not sure if it belonged here, since I was writing a (very short) breakup vent. Unless it is relevant, and I just somehow missed it.
But also gambling with your own stability
In being against co-operative safety nets you're not just fucking over the people who need it
There's that thing, everyone's one paycheck away from being homeless
I just think if people realised the vulnerability of what they have they'd be a lot more open to co-operation
But that probably takes too much long-term planning for anyone to actually stick to it
You can argue co-operation is beneficial to self-interest
Good enough to be in CIV5 apparently
Kazimierz III was good I think?
(Disclaimer: yes, yes it would, and I'm not gonna just abandon my duty in the middle of a shift.)
Then I guess it doesn't matter if I don't apply this bandage to the major bleeding, because pfft, would it make a difference?
But hey, I got pronouns in bio so that must mean all my work means fuck all, right?
I signed up for this fully knowing I'd have a duty here and that I might end up having to help people I wouldn't necessarily like, so I didn't go into this unprepared.
Plus, I would get fired lol
And then I remind myself, it's probably a small minority of people who devote themselves to such hate, and I'm not statistically likely to end up saving one of their lives very often.
It's very terrible for me but in my downtime, I sometimes think to myself if people are worth saving.
The issue is mostly just, it doesn't matter what the fuck you do, you'll always be considered too soft and worthless to such people.
I'm not trying to get the respect of transphobes here or anything but I guess I just felt like I had to prove them wrong so I had grounds to say "stfu" when it matters.
Like, I guess for most people who wouldn't be classed as "special snowflakes," all they have to do is just work, drink beer and do the bare minimum to be considered contributing and having a hardworking life.
I think part of the reason I overworked myself is because I feel like there's some need to reach a higher standard than everyone else.
Even before I saw this tweet or ever saw anything say anything like this, it was clear there's people out there who think like this and I think it's just affected my behaviour in a lot of subtle ways.
I guess this is kind of a vent??
CW: transphobia
||https://twitter.com/robbystarbuck/status/1287029430121103361||
It can be hard to find, but there are good people out there who wouldn't judge you for such things
Just glad you felt comfortable enough to talk
No need to apologise
And if your psychiatrist thinks so too, then I guess that already says it all
I'm not an expert though so
From what you described it sounds more like schizophrenia
Yeah
Was gonna say
Right
Or do you mean actual voices that you hear?
Is this a metaphor for bad feelings?
When you say "voices"
I do understand how it feels when it feels like you should just end it
(Drug mentions, overdose) ||I wanted to try and stockpile a lot of aspirin so I could end it all just a few months ago||
Kind of get the feeling that you feel alone in most of this
I'm gonna be honest about how I see this
And it'll take a long time and might never feel like it'll get better
Trust me, been there
It's difficult, I know
I wouldn't
No
From what I've seen so far it's great having you around
That's not true
Hey no
I'm here
You can talk
Genuine question
What's the Wielki?
My lord is Qin Shi Huang
I don't answer to your damn kings
And then Pilsudski, although not a king, was a competent leader as far as I'm aware
Right
He on the money
I mean, I love giving other people food too but that seems a bit random.
Is that a thing people do? Just send noods to each other?
And if they used family name, isn't it a bit difficult to know who exactly?
But yeah, I'm sure the noodles are fine. I think everyone forgets people once in a while.
That was a joke too >.>
Sorry I forgot, no jokes allowed here.
I'm sure it's fine, as long as everything's unopened and in original packaging.
Jkjk
Got into any trouble with triads lately?
Had to use anyone as ladders to climb the academic world?
Got any enemies?
Honestly, I've been blessed with a pretty good IRL environment so when I quit reddit and other toxic environments, it was enough to make me feel significantly better.
Kaiyo?
It's a goddamn chatroom, not a job interview lmao
Used to be really bad, I had my discord nickname in every server basically be a description of all the things I do to try and be impressive.
Do things for myself and not to try and gain approval I guess.
I guess it's almost weird because on one hand, this has driven me to try and achieve some really great things but it's all about finding the balance between what's healthy and what's overworking.
I just want to pay my bills and get on, not get dragged down in internet discourse. I just happened to come across that tweet because I was curious about the Elon Musk/Grimes drama.
Tbh, that's mostly why I quit reddit and don't follow a lot of things on the internet now.
There are some people I wouldn't feel sympathetic to know they passed.
But that's not something to dwell on.
But I do get a general feeling of "are these people worth keeping alive?"
I don't wish death on anyone specific.
I *kind of* do?
I mean
Besides, the fuck were they doing in Spain during a pandemic?
This was kind of obvious, you'd have to be an idiot to not see this coming.
I fuckin hate this country sometimes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjFJOFCFTnU
I stg academia's just a circlejerk but everyone has the title of Dr.
Academia is wild.
Idek
You would be gay but in denial apparently.
People literally wrote fuckin journal articles and published these.
This is a 100% real academic debate that went into the 2000s.
Gay, lesbian and heterosexual.
Everything else is internalised homophobia, denial or false consciousness.
Traditional sexuality models propose there being only three sexualities as the "true" sexualities.
Bisexuality in general.
Maybe dichotomous thought is just pervasive in the west?
Apparently it's been a real debate in the scientific field into the 2000s.
I can put up with this article because it's from 2008.
What the hell
Old articles be like that sometimes.
<:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Reading an article that refers to nb people's experiences as the experiences of "women" with questioning gender and sexuality:
Then you'll know not to be the one responsible.
As long as you're not actively planning to kill someone, then it's fine I'd say.
Alright, I clicked off it. Time to look at something better.
I think I'm slowly falling into a habit of looking at things that make me angry.
I ended up looking at a Good Morning Britain clip.
Going back to people you wouldn't mind dying?
Sorry to derail but
That sounds traumatic.
A reed in the wind lives.
But generally, idk, I just exist and don't really question it too much now.
I guess if we had to be scientific about it, certain regions of the brain fire up with me that wouldn't normally do so?
You get used to it though.
Not fun.
Yes, there is.
https://www.healthyplace.com/blogs/dissociativeliving/2018/02/fictional-introjects-in-dissociative-identity-disorder
Co-operative argumentative dialogue.
Very happy with my current supervisor for my dissertation. We kind of have a Socratic method relationship with the dissertation.
I think I ended up getting a 1st class grade in his unit for the exam?
I was one of the people who didn't complete the IQ test on time in that lecture.
Sad that he left the uni tbh
He was a lot of fun, open to admitting mistakes and being challenged too.
I've had a good professor who I liked to talk to and share ideas with.
He was pretty much a pretentious ass too who made the lecture hall do an IQ test and insulted everyone who didn't finish it on time as stupid lmao
If it was a joke, it was a pretty shitty one because he was presenting it as a legitimate argument in his lecture for binary gender roles.
I *seriously* hope he was joking.
Second off, maybe consider the reason they wanted to stop is because of social pressure and not because "football must be for boys and ballet for girls?"
I mean, first off, that's not "non-gendered raising" that's still gendered, but just the opposite way round.
Said about how he raised his son to do ballet and his daughter to play football. Neither liked their activities because ofc, kids at school bullied them!
Individual differences lecture and he used an anecdote about how he raises his kids to try and "prove" evidence that kids have binary gendered thinking.
Idk if he was joking but I really thought he just needed to stfu.
There was only one who I especially didn't like because I just disagreed with him and thought his lectures were straight up bs.
I've had pretty good ones so far.
Still an undergrad rn trying to make myself someone bearable to teach lmao
Damn, that's interesting.
What did you teach?
Wait what?
Hope I get to be a chill prof then lmao
Assuming I don't get my doctorate, getting a job as an EMT is my plan B.
Research has already been conducted on its use with PTSD clients.
Particularly the applications of VR in mental health treatment.
I have ideas I want to explore in research when I can, which should be interesting.
Either die a hero or live long enough to be the villain?
I'm hoping to work towards a doctorate soon. Shoot me if I ever turn into a pretentious asshole who's out of touch with the world.
Correct.
People who argue otherwise and say that all media can be disconnected from the society its presented in clearly don't understand that one statement in one country would have more/less power spoken in another.
No picture or advertisement or message is "just a picture/advertisement/message" but rather has many effects that ripple across the audiences.
There just has to be a lot of discourse analysis applied, is what I'm saying.
As it is now, nuclear families are already the default that you would see in most advertising and media.
It doesn't matter whether you talk about traditional values or not, they'll make their way into discussion because they're the norm.
E.g. entire month dedicated to pride yet somehow people are able to make it an argument about whether straight marriage is better.
"Traditional" values are so much the default that even if you were to promote anything else, traditional values would still be there.
I'd argue you can't "promote" traditional values without also putting down others.
This is getting into some very complicated territory.
Also <a:ZweiWing:663572847993552936>
Conservative means to conserve tradition, right?
Well, actually, it does mean they have someone else to blame for the country's issues if anything turns to shit at all.
It's just plain unnecessary?
So they just, don't need to be socially conservative?
Idk if that's better or worse because that just means they'll push all the policies as far as it can go while being smart enough to not collapse either?
I guess the difference here is "who" is considered to be part of that collective.
So it's not entirely impossible that a fascist-leaning government would still employ some of the same policies that a social democrat party would.
"Fascist" is quite a broad term and while I wouldn't describe far-left governments as "fascist," fascism is still an ideology which can be defined by its collective values.
While ironically claiming to be the defence against communism?
So we're looking at the next Soviet Union?
What the hell
Would social democrats not do the same or similar though?
How?
What?
Wait
Or by "make their lives better" did you mean, they have a greater chance of getting into heaven now?
Or does the Catholic church still continue to siphon their money?
Does Duda really make their lives better though?
Everyone's got different times when they're ready but honestly, take it easy.
I think you might be looking too far ahead.
How far ahead are you thinking about all this?
<@605753436763586573>
<a:ZweiWing:663572847993552936>
Never understood that.
Is that why so many boomers are like "haha I hate my wife?"
Wait, what?
It relies on everyone to actually want it and trust each other enough to make it work.
I hardly know Pharios lmao
A sexual, non-romantic relationship can be nice for a bit but hard to keep boundaries unless you're clear.
I think just taking it easy is helpful. Don't stress about things too much and deal with them as they come.
I mean, a flight to Poland is possible.
My last 4 relationships were from discord.
Discord is the best dating app.
And not throw too much of a fuss when it doesn't click.
Idk how else to explain it really, you just kind of try to find people you click with.
That's alright, if it didn't work out you can still stay friends as you find someone else.
My point is, keep it steady.
But still close friends.
We broke up lmao
Weren't gonna take it that seriously within the first few months.
We just sort of, called each other every night, watched anime and told each other we love each other.
Lucy and I were a casual thing.
My mistake.
Not intentionally refusing to and I'm just a dumb fuck.
I mean, even then, I forgot to wear a mask a lot.
I don't fucking get it.
(When needing food)
I shopped quite regularly.
I've literally had contact with COVID patients and came out fine.
How much must you fuck up social distancing?
How did everyone get so infected anyway?
Fuck.
I had people who were going to come stay over.
I had plans.
I live in one of these counties...
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-53602362
Rather, that it somehow managed to get worse for this.
I guess I'm not so much mad that the lockdown itself happened.
Actually, nvm, I won't go into that.
My friends and I have been careful.
Yeah, my Italian family do the same thing.
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
At least this lockdown keeps my parents away.
But I kept my distance and everything.
Gonna take a lot to convince me of it
So consequently, if I'm told "there was good justification for x country to go to war here"
Because it was conflict that led to life as it is now
It's very hard for me to be in favour of a lot of conflicts
Colonisation of Asia as context to my attitude towards war
It happened ages ago sure but the consequences ripple through time
But I resent the meddling of Europe in Asia way back for centuries to now
I get maybe that's a bit idealistic
I don't play "the other side was also bad"
That's the thing though
Operation Demetrius, Bloody Sunday
The Falklands and Northern Ireland were not peacekeeping
Protect this colonial holding
But that's already better than
I'm eh about interventionism as a policy
To die for a tiny island
But if you're in the British army? Be prepared to get sent to some fuck off place in South America
Maybe it's different in Italy because afaik you don't really do shit
They hardly ever tell you the full story though or they use manipulative means
My friends told me I was a fucking idiot for wanting to join and tbf I was lmao
But everything I've heard and seen has lined up so far
So idk if I'm projecting my old self onto others here when I say it's a right-wing echo chamber
It was "I want to expand the nation's interests"
My reasoning wasn't anything particularly like "oh I get nice things"
I did want to join the army previously
But it was certainly a covered up for massacre
It wasn't a systematic killing of everyone
Alright I'm really like exaggerating it there sure
I mean I guess when I was a cadet there was the appeal that I'd get my uni paid for but that's about it, and even then could take out a loan
From personal experience, British army recruiting has been less about benefits and more about serving
And my curiosity as to whether the whole "joining to get benefits" part of the US military changes the demographic
Ever since the expansion of the empire it's always historically been a tool of maintaining colonial occupation
(Bloody Sunday in Northern Ireland)
This is the very same army that committed genocide just about 30 years ago
Gwen that assumes the campaign would be successful
Which I'd argue is kind of a deeply rooted issue in the British military because since a long time, it's always been a right-wing haven
Actually, it seems to be a significant issue to the point that the British army had to start an anti-extremism campaign
Here it's kind of (to some people) a right-wing echo chamber
I ask because apart from the whole imperialism thing as an institution, I get the feeling that people in the US military seem to be generally "different" to the UK
I mean, it's starting to seem obvious what you think of it as an institution but also just curious as to what you think of and experience with the people at the low level
Cocoa are you still in the military and what would you say your overall opinion on it is, as the people in it but also as a institution?
Withrdawal from Rojava
In which case, then you have the complication as to how much meddling will happen from the larger power
But the way to go about that would probably a larger power to guarantee independence
What Cyph said
Yes
If it were possible, I'd burn this entire thing down
There wouldn't have had to be any war in Iraq, Syria or wherever else if Sykes-Picot never happened
Everyone fucked it up in the past causing several crises in the present and use these crises as a means of maintaining their position
In fact, I think this is why I'm so radical when it comes to politics
The messes that happen in South America are largely a result of everything that happened throughout history
The thing is though I still don't think that makes Britain innocent at all
As another example of where I wouldn't be OK with a certain kind of intervention
I'm gonna be clear, I'm not a tankie and don't support the CCP but the idea of Britain retaking HK as protection doesn't sit well with me
Then what the fuck am I if I embody both supposed gendered cognition

That there aren't common or shared traits
People write all sorts of shit about how men and women must be so inherently different
It's a book
And you bet bs like "men are waffles and women are spaghetti"
Other people don't so much
Rad it's probably because you talk to such a diverse group of people
Here's an article if you're interested
https://www.boredpanda.com/sculptures-hell-hath-no-fury-helena-hauss/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=organic
That's the thing though HibiMiku, why not just, both in one person
It's just a shame that such a concept is difficult to grasp for some
The fact of the matter is, when I'm presented with a macho looking male character and a stereotypical highly feminine character, I look at them and think "I want to be both these people"
Is my speech style "masculine" here? Idfk, what the fuck is a masculine speech style
There's this weird thing where people just seem unable to stop categorising things into one of two boxes
As in, public perception of who gay men are
Even with cis gays it's like, say for example, men are either really fucking camp and feminine or just pretty much you can't tell they're gay
It's weird because when you start to think about it you realise this is pervasive in the culture
I really love this art piece because it pretty much captures exactly what I'm trying to say
It's literally me
This
Like this

I just like doing all these things and don't see a conflict or mutual exclusivity between them
No, they're both the same Meiyi
Like I get the feeling people probably are like "this is masculine Meiyi" and "this is feminine Meiyi"
Even if they're not necessarily against it, it just can't pair in their minds
It's more so, realising that other people aren't gonna be able to reconcile this
I'm comfortable with myself
Then the next day, wear a tie and dress shirt
And then when the night is over I want to go home and cuddle up to my plushie
But I feel like that just makes people wonder how can I exist
I want to do both of these things at the same time
And then go to the club with the girls
I want to spend an hour with a group of gym lads as we beat the shit out of each other and then later that day, change into a dress and tie my hair into a ponytail while I apply winged eyeliner and paint my nails
Because my very existence kind of fucks with their concept of what sort of people can exist
I sometimes get the feeling it's impossible for people to see me as just myself
I can't really say what they think
Idk some others are also bigender, some others whatever
But on the outside, with like, public perception and shit
I mean, this is already sorted internally, I see myself as bigender
But when it really comes down to it, I do feel kind of outcasted sometimes because too masculine to be female but too feminine to be male
And it's not like I mind "girl" or "woman" or whatever else
So far with gender clinic services, they only know us as female because that's the fastest way to get anything you want, just be 100% one way or the other and certain about what you want
It's weird because gender boxes feel so strict and unambiguous
Damn I was just in the shower thinking like
But
I don't usually feel any weird gender fuckery most of the time, like I'm not really that fussed often (unless misgendered)
OK so just took a shower and obviously did a lot of thoughts
And I honestly wonder why
She just didn't
As in, in this country, you still can
The thing is, you still can
But apparently it just seemed "obvious"
And I don't get it
But it just seems to be that it was a normal idea that she had to quit boxing to all of them
Like they were nice people and really chill
...why?
And I was just like
And apparently after transitioning she "couldn't" continue with boxing and stuff
And they had a colleague who was a trans woman
I remember working with some boomers (not as an insult, they were literally age boomeres)
That's why LGBTphobia exists
Unfortunately, not everyone's chill about it
It's still the same me each time
And I'm not switching gender when I do such things
These are not mutually exclusive things
Why I can hold someone in a chokehold and then drink a vodka cranberry at a lesbian bar after
Not have to justify why I'm allowed to train martial arts and then put on lipstick a few hours later
Like damn I just wanna do shit I enjoy
Where it becomes an issue is that it seems to genuinely annoy some people who can't understand it
Even the most progressive of types still can't just switch off that kind of thinking
It just shows such a thing still exists and is deeply ingrained
And while that might not be an issue with you
But you still perceive things in the context of that dichotomy
You obviously have no problem with it
That's the thing Rad
But that shit's centuries in the past
And maybe sure, it's grounded in very primitive beginnings of hunter gatherer culture
You would say she's doing something masculine
Like even if it's a cis woman doing something
There's gendering of everything though
Sorry, yeah continue
But it's kind of weird that like people probably see this as like
Exactly
And it'd be like HA NO it's the same person
And each situation someone could probably say "that's the way a man would think" or "that's the way a woman would think"
My mood, opinion of the people involved, current experience up to that point
Depending on so many factors
Tired
Was gonna say more but
I guess you'd have to decide
Idk in the end it's like
Sorry
Just realised I may have accidentally insulted people here
Shit
Wait
I'd wonder why you take yourself too seriously
If anyone gets genuinely annoyed or angry over such an easily fixable and trivial mistake
It was just funny tbh
As in, not me being an asshole., literally incomprehensible
I had someone who would make completely incomprehensible sentences
That's not a dealbreaker to me
*That* kind of bad grammar/syntax? A little suspicious
Bad grammar/syntax? Not a dealbreaker, might even lead to funny inside jokes
You just, have to at least be arsed
You don't have to be good at talking
I can't date
If someone has the conversation capacity of a fucking toaster
I'm just dropping it
And if I get "all sorts wbu"
So then I'd ask something like "what music do you listen to?"
Exactly
Then I'll be like "hmmmmm..."
"u ok xx"
But if it's "bad grammar/syntax" as in "hey hun xxx hru"
But it was fine because I knew everything else about them as a person
I would get paragraphs without a single comma
Or adding punctuation
But someone I dated was the absolute worst with grammar and spelling because they just couldn't be arsed with correcting mistakes
It certainly gets me wondering why and who
I'm ngl
What's this in relation to?
It makes me think there's more of a social expectation to have quit
What makes someone a "bad person" usually depends on intent and reasoning imo
Again, saying this as someone on the receiving end of ghosting from a friend (who still is a friend)
You might not *necessarily* be a shitty person, but you're not really doing a good thing
If it's someone you like, then yes, you're doing a shitty thing by not responding
Tbh from that point it sounded like it stopped being about friends
"This may sound a little selfish but uh
[00:51]
If I don't find talking to someone fun, and I don't have to, then I just don't"
I say this as someone on the receiving end of multiple unexplained blocks
They'll get the message
Just block
If you don't want to deal with whatever consequence comes out of "I don't like you and don't want to talk to you"
I think the next best thing you can do is just block
(No one in this server, dw)
~~Totally not thinking of a specific person here~~
I don't have to let you in the house to air your dirty laundry on my garden
Quite frankly, if someone's just been a massive dick I can't be arsed with the argument that will come
I don't think I should owe someone an explanation when they just insulted a load of people who done nothing wrong
It's a lot more complicated than that Rad
What if the other person is a straight up asshole?
It's awkward to just say "I don't like you"
Having said that, we ghost, even if we shouldn't really
But yes, it is ideal to say
No one is *entitled* to have to talk to you
I mean that's not selfish
Despite the fact we had to carry the team multiple times
But people probably can't see a diagnosis label as anything else other than a hindrance
We're fucking useful
Not to mention being able to speak to patients in Chinese
If it weren't for us I stg there would be disasters on some of these shifts
OR SEND A GUY WITH DEMENTIA WHO DOESN'T KNOW HIS OWN ADDRESS INTO A TAXI
BECAUSE THEY WOULD FORGET TO DO THE FUCKING PAPERWORK
In fact we had to carry the team sometimes
Being this way has never caused failure
I haven't failed on the job ever
For healthcare workers yeah
We work fucking hard
I work fucking hard
Say goodbye to any chance of having a career
But if I refuse and the diagnosis sticks
Refuse lol
I could just
Tbh Rad yeah that's true
<:ZweiHug:672455346949980170>
But also
You might want to || spoiler it btw Rei, just in case it's distressing for some
It'll fucking suck for everyone involved
But whoever takes over won't
You'll remember all the inside jokes and shit
Then it'll be like you never met us
And if it's someone who never talked to any of you
The thing is if I am shut out, god knows who takes the place
Lol bye everyone the therapist says I'm not allowed to talk to you or your sons again
Like what if I get shut out or smth
Because God knows what the drugs would do
Yeah to the therapist
Oh
They already know about 5 of us and I'm starting to wonder if we should've just stfu
Then, well, fuck
And if they diagnose us as schizophrenic
They're pretty sure we got PTSD so idk if they're gonna like, put us on meds
Your medications?
So they're trauma memories?
None of us are professionals so while we can't really provide long-term solutions, I can say that for myself at least I have mental health first aid training and know a few grounding techniques.
If you ever need to talk or need someone to help calm after a nightmare, we'll be here.
If you don't mind me asking.
In what ways?
I meant like, I usually won't be able to tell if someone doesn't understand sarcasm because I naturally use /s all the time so I never realise if someone doesn't see it.
That sounds like such a self-pat ffs
Then again, I've naturally learnt to communicate as accommodatingly as possible over time.
Apart from *maaaybe* DMJii as an obsession (I can't say for sure if correlation = causation in this case), I've not noticed anything else.
It's not as though you set your pfp to DMJii colours and everything
Nothing wrong with liking DMJii!
How is that rude?!
Tbh, I don't really know much else about you, now that I think about it lol
I think it checks out though? It would explain the DMJii obsession.
Then what's the <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
I figured the shock was more of having something kept from you?
That's fair.
How you feeling?
<a:ZweiWing:663572847993552936>
How long did she know?
What
No I'll just do squats for that lol
Omfg
So to speak
The surgery you get for downstairs
Yes
But a diagnosis also means no bottom surgery
I would hope so
<:ChrisHibikiHug:630262562361049121>
I derailed
Sorry Rei if you're still reading
I need therapy for that
I want therapy for that
PTSD is fine
DID, OSDD and schizophrenia
Anything that could lead to them doing something that means the end of existence
Can't have them suspecting more than is necessary
But everyone better stfu from this point forward
No diagnosis has been made
There are differences in culture between them.
But at least you now have googleable words.
Mizrahi are the Middle-Eastern ethnic Jews.
Ashkenazi are afaik the European Jews? Don't quote me on that though.
It's a lot more complicated than that I think.
Those are the ethnicities.
Then there's Ashkenazi, Mizrahi, etx
There's Jewish, the faith.
What I get from you is that it doesn't cause you as much frustration or any hostility but rather curiosity?
Interesting you say that Ein.
I appreciate Solo's input, I wasn't quite sure how you would've reacted to some of the things I revealed about myself and my opinions.
It has. The one-state solution.
There's one which I *think* is the right option but would still lead to massive disruption to livelihood.
Palestinian-Israeli is one of those where I just can't say one or the other.
The thing is, I know such conflicts are always going to be complicated, but even with the Kurds I could say I'm pro-Kurdish state.
Fuck's sake.
Do you think it would require doing away entirely with the concept of states and borders in the region?
It seems mainly based on strategic interest?
The Brits were only in Ireland relatively recently.
I've seen Israel compared to Northern Ireland, which do not seem anywhere near the same at this point.
I don't want to have a strong stance either way when I can't say I know very much.
Lol same
And obviously, younger me didn't want to be complicit in any crimes against humanity.
At least, with the most visible activist groups that are out there.
The conflict on the Palestinian side just feels very "if you're not with us, you're against us."
This wouldn't be so bad if it didn't actually involve real people's capacity to have a normal livelihood.
Regardless of what the actual border solution is, the apparent civilian involvement is what's worrying at the very least.
Context: used to be involved in that kind of activism and the geopolitics seemed obvious at the time to my naïve self.
I couldn't accept "it's just rightfully Israel now" as an answer but at this point, I feel like a lot of background knowledge was missing to me from the Palestinian side too.
Previously, it had seemed obvious as a Arab-Israeli conflict but I can see now why it'd be a lot more complicated than that when you take into account how many different ethnicities are really there.
Seeing as this is serious discussion, is that what makes the Israel-Palestine conflict such a grey area?
Well, not right now ofc, I don't have the money to get to Asia.
But I assume if I visited I'm not really in danger of anything?
Taking Poland for example, it would fucking suck for me to live there.
I guess like, if I'm just a tourist then I'm not really in as much danger as actual people living there would be?
How safe tho?
But yeah, tfw most holiday destinations are closed off because of political danger.
Circles is Korean though?
<:rutilethinking:562498124090966017>
Circles you continue to confuse me so much.
Why the delete
What
Apart from the actual people, aren't there multiple factions within the CCP?
(Which wouldn't be such a bad thing but it would be for the CCP.)
Too much compromise and the people lose faith or smth?
There's probably a practical reason to it though right?
Hey, as long as I can work in a non-combat role as a medic, I'd be down for that.
Onsens definitely out the question.
Thing about Japan is I'm tattooed and trans so...
Taiwan seems to have interesting developments in progressive politics, could be a safe destination?
Japan would be cool but not sure how well-received I'd be.
<:KirikaCry:674720015047720961>
But yeah, if shit wasn't so fucked, it would've been nice to visit again.
Maybe it's a sense of having family memories attached to the area.
Not just for thought crime but everything else too.
I do have a sense of pride in ancestry and culture but it's probably not the safest place to head to now.
It's a shame because I genuinely liked the place.
Was gonna say lol
Living in Australia doesn't grant a huge amount of any political power over such affairs, surprise surprise.
True, it's not like he can affect policy now.
Dad's not like pro-PRC (he's a lot more of a right-winger) but when it comes to nationalist matters, he can be a bit "strange."
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
Thankfully I was born outside of Asia
~~Dad doesn't know I hold such opinions.~~
From the perspective that self-determination is "morally correct."
I didn't know a whole lot about the history leading up to Taiwan until recently. After learning about the colonisation history and lead up to the modern issue, that's what led me to believe that independence from both RoC and PRC is the "morally correct" solution.
Valid
Just for context.
Native Taiwan or Han Chinese?
Oh cool lmao
Wait, you're Taiwanese?
By "independent Taiwan" I mean a non-Chinese state, both in PRC and ROC. That's my opinion on the matter.
Ah
The question of whether Taiwan is China is more than just "is it PRC or ROC"
Taiwan: contained a native population before colonisation.
Not really been politically active with anything to do with that conflict in a while so haven't really felt the need to bring it up as a discussion topic but it's been helpful and informational.
Why do you keep deleting omg
Oh yeah, you have conscription right?
I have a lot of money saved up so I could head to Asia whenever I want, but it's stupid to spend money recklessly like that.
This wouldn't happen until at least after next year anyway.
<:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
How do I know this isn't a trap?
How do I know I can trust .oO?
Anyway, I guess if I went to Asia, I wouldn't be going alone.
I must have the shittiest luck then lmao
I'd just be waiting for a friend or the train and someone would ask me to give them a blowjob.
Bad.
Yep.
Instead I had people come up to me telling me that I made them horny.
I never gotten shit for the way I dress or anything.
Well, not *that* bad.
People here gossip in public and like, will actually come up to you and tell you how much they don't like something you're doing.
Keep to yourself even if you don't like someone?
Idk, like idk what people's general attitudes are to others in Asian countries?
Tattoo policy is one thing.
Taiwan is the one place I can see where I can step off the plane and not get immediately mugged.
I assume you mean the rich ones?
I witnessed too but don't know the context.
Just feels like, fucking weird having to research discrimination laws and social politics in each country.
Korea isn't on the list yet since I'm not sure what I'd actually do there yet.
I'm glad they're safe too
You have family in Lebanon?
Who the fuck kind of people do you hang out with wtf
What
Would you go to a party and say "I really like Polish girls"
Yes but would you say it?
It's not an issue exclusive to white people
And I guess there's probably Asians who say "I'm into white people"
Except Americans do say that
"I'm into Europeans"
You wouldn't be like
But to pick one trait and then act like that's the be all end all
You can build up the profile of someone you'd be into
Fact of the matter is people are too diverse and varied to actually have much of a blanketing statement
it's still a stereotype based attitude
It's literally just what circles said but inversed
Exactly that
Or other form of generalisation
If you ask someone why they're "into Asians" most likely they'll come up with a stereotype
Imo
Preferences are different
(Although that's a whole other controversy that idk if we're gonna get into)
That's why appearance doesn't count
This doesn't just apply to Asian people but goes for literally any characteristic regarding someone's core identity rather than their personality or traits
But you can look at how people behave and what they think behind that behaviour
Nobody can prove that you're thinking a certain way
A thought/attitude on its own is obviously nothing
So to answer why "totally different thing though" it's because the two are linked
I'm explaining how the attitude leads into behaviour
Alongside other behaviours that result from fetishisation
The problem comes when people try to "collect" sexual encounters with ethnicities
It's not a homogenous cloning facility
"Like how Asians look"
If you're like "I like this person *because* they're Asian" there's almost a 100% chance there's some stereotyping reasons
If you're like "I  like this person and they're also Asian" that's fine
But I'm literally describing what fetishisation is
Submissive my ass
This usually takes the form of "Asian women are so submissive"
Then you're a fucking idiot
If your only reason for being into someone is their ethnicity and culture and stereotypes attached
Not really
As you literally just proven earlier with some literal Asians being "kind of Asian"
Because you say "I'm into Asians" has an implied extra bit to it
But it still is points?
Hope it's a good session Rad
Based Circles
Sorry, your hair's not blonde and your eyes aren't blue. I'm into *real* Europeans
So what's the typical characteristic of a European?
"Generally regarded as typical characteristics"
We haven't gotten into the "what about if they're half or quarter" yet
Ainu, an ethnic group from Japan
"Alright then I meant people from the areas of China, Japan and Korea"

And if we go even further East
Kazakhstani people too
These people are Taiwanese
I can feel that you're probably going to say (or other people will say) "I meant East Asians though"
But I'm trying to point out the flawed logic in generalisations
I mean, obviously I'm asking a rhetorical question here
Are these the "Asians" you're thinking of?

I'm not joking
What visual associations though?
Race is not really a concrete characteristic
But I meant
Blue eyes is a bad example then
Oh
At least then if they have blue eyes they actually definitively have fucking blue eyes lmao
It's much easier to say that "I'm into someone with blue eyes"
Do you count half or quarter?
Plus, race isn't so clear cut either
Assuming that there must be some shared common characteristic that you'll find in all of them
It's a blanketing statement
But also what Melua said
They have associations in culture
As I said, the issue is because people build up a stereotypical image of what an "x person" is
Getting it officially changed and recognised though, that's a lot more difficult.
Terms get renamed all the time.
ASD pretty much covers everything anyway, it's a lot more convenient.
Better just refer to it as ASD.
It's a controversial name for that reason
Last thing I'm gonna add is there's a difference between "can" and "should"
Jesus fucking Christ what happened here
It's a stereotyped idea of what an ethnic group is
But that's exactly what I'm saying
*person is from Greece*
"Well, I guess you're kind of European"
"I'm into Europeans"
You're not the only person I know who has experienced it before so I know how difficult it can be to talk about or recover from.
I think, from everything you've said before, it's clear what had happened to you in the past.
Is it just vaguely far-right stances and strong opinions on groups of people?
I'm repeating what was mentioned by others a while ago because it was starting to look like Yumi was being interpreted as saying "no right to vent here ever."
Not that anyone should stop you being able to vent.
I think what Yumi's saying is that this isn't the best place for it because not only is this an anime server with a shit ton of people, but also that everyone takes this channel as a place where things would be put up for discussion and not just an emotional support vent space.
It needs to be burnt down and started anew imo.
But that's what I mean, ban any word and the community will find a new one.
I assume animemes just came up with it now to get around the automod.
It's no different than if you said "scammers" instead.
As in, with the literal meaning of the word.
If you walk into a trap or get trapped, it's considered a bad thing.
Also the fact that the word itself has negative meaning.
I mean, either way, bad term.
Doesn't it just have NSFW implications?
The community itself is toxic and just gonna keep finding new words that need to be banned.
The only solution I can see is just moving to an entirely new subreddit.
Apparently they're backpeddling with this.
Despite the fact that we had regular 3 week sessions with the nurse.
Not contacted in a while.
We're on the waiting list.
We hadn't even started yet.
...they're discharging us from therapy.
Fighting game.
It didn't spoil our first interactions with trans people or DID systems but I think that was just because of basic decency. I would guess many others who watched it grew up to be shitty people.
Starting to think South Park had a significantly worse impact on us than initially thought.
Fuck's sake.
Ah, that MPD episode too.
Probably set back any questioning for me for quite some time.
Honestly, that was even worse holy shit.
If they just didn't do those particular shots...
And that, too.
I cringed at the filming but the overall way it was written, especially the conclusion of that series of episodes with a happy ending for the trans woman was what give it a pass.
The trans episodes *barely* got a pass for me imo
I think it helps making them the kind of people you would never want to be due to their lack of success in life.
South Park annoys me, but ASIP has worked for me.
Gonna say, I do like the show.
"Only been on the moon?"
What do people think of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia?
While we're on this topic
Oh absolutely, I guess I meant more of satirises that specific part of the right.
Like, when rewatching I was like "no fucking way are they serious about this."
I thought Cartman is supposed to be satirical?
There was also the fact that he literally was a Nazi.
Well, maybe not *the one thing* but it was one of them.
The one thing that stopped me from thinking "wow Cartman is right" is how he also hated the Chinese.
I'm saying this as someone who watched it as a dumb kid, and then rewatched it as an adult.
It doesn't matter if they satirise the right-wing because it's easy for them to ignore that happening and believe South Park still agrees with them anyway.
Because of that, people will take away from it what they want to hear.
South Park is unnuanced satire.
But it's still harder to breathe with it on.
It's a cycling mask, I originally bought it because of traffic pollution.
(Ofc, some people have genuine reasons.)
It was genuinely difficult to breathe but I managed it.
I cycled in this heat with a mask on.
Fucking idiots.
It's just the way it is with an individualist culture, I would guess.
Just that we're kind of fucked because unfortunately, it's a society that breeds competition.
I'm not trying to say one is worse than the other.
Try to attend a "debate" event, and it'll be clear from the start that it was engineered to be one-sided.
They do that IRL though.
Even dead baby jokes were like, not as bad.
/s
Can we go back to the days when pee pee poo poo was the height of comedy?
Remember being kids and sense of humour wasn't this complicated or problematic?
Fucking
In bad faith and like small children?
I don't think making tons of troll memes is the right way to go about expressing it.
Sideshow Bob?
I forgot Apu exists.
Oh...
I don't recall Simpsons ever being actually bad?
I also just heard it's really unfunny tho
It does?
We're talking about early Simpsons right?
I mean, even the Simpsons wasn't nearly as bad right?
But instead of talking about Trump, they made Mrs Garrison the Trump of the SP world.
It kind of talked about Trump?
So when I couldn't play them without spending a penny, rather than spending money I just quit
Whenever I got gacha games I expected them to be playable as free games
Because unless you spend a shit ton of money on it you can't really get hooked
Is this why I could never get into gacha
Not much I can really do about it so I just play along, but it is taking some getting used to.
Seeing jokes about yourself is kind of weird...
There might be a difference in the words to you but unfortunately words only mean what other people interpret them to mean
They'll all assume you're just using a slur for Romani people as a whole, so it doesn't even serve the purpose you intended
Because nobody's gonna know what you mean by that word
Quite frankly, saying that you're trying to translate a specific ethnic sub-group in English doesn't really work here
OK I just read the channel in which this thing was posted
That word has been around for ages
"Romas"
I don't quite get as weirded out seeing Kanade art myself.
Gets really weirded out seeing art of herself.
I know someone else who's a Chris fictive.
Neither, I suppose?
Damn, brains are weird.
It's not the most usual of situations to happen.
But yeah, kind of getting used to the whole "this thing is a popular anime and discussion and talk is inevitably going to happen."
They'd be catching my hands if they did lol
Ah, I see. Bad wording on my part.
As in, Kanade jokes/references.
COVID or?
With what specifically?
Shit's fucked.
Yeah
And there's no easy solution to it
But they have
If countries didn't reach the point of superpowers with global influences
It would be ideal if the US wasn't so imperialist
But it's one of those things where we've reached such a point where we can't just demilitarise and expect it to go perfectly
Well, it's a problem everywhere
Occupied territory
The problem is when it happens in the most volatile and unwanted areas
The issue I find is more of when US bases are in places like Iraq, Okinawa, Philippines etc
Europe isn't the worst place it could be
Something something CSTO vs NATO
That starts to explain it a bit more tbf
If it's a 3 mile journey, I want to be there in 10 mins.
See if I want to get somewhere, I aim to be at 15mph.
See because I want to get to places fast so I basically "run" on a high gear on my bike.
Do you go slower for long distance?
Is it just the pace at which we cycle?
If I look at a 5 mile journey I think "oh I better book a hotel at my destination."
I can't even comprehend 5 miles.
My point is, don't beat yourself up too much over it.
If I could do that I'd never need another train ticket in my life again lmao
Can *only* do 20 miles?
You wack as hell
We use miles in the UK.
I'm not.
I would guess 20 miles seems smaller to you because of a different sense of scale.
The accent changes, the cost of things changes etc
50 miles and I'm not in the north anymore, I'm in the Midlands.
50 miles, I'm *in a whole other fucking region of the country.*
50 miles and I've left the county.
Any more than that and I've gone out to an entirely different city.
It's at most 3 miles to get to anywhere in this city.
You'd have reached the other end of the country.
If someone told me they regularly do 50 miles I'd wonder what the fuck they're doing.
Just because your parents could do 50.
I don't think you realise just how far 20 miles already is lmao
Assuming I make a few rest breaks.
I could access the entire country by bike.
I could cycle to London and Scotland and wherever the fuck.
Idk if it's just a different sense of scale but if I could cycle 50 in one trip, I would never need to take the train.
28 miles away.
That's like cycling from my city back to my parent's town.
Still
I refuse to go further than 3 miles wtf
What the fuck
W h a t
What
You can cycle 25 miles?
"Can men and-" No. You can't be friends with me. Fuck off.
Straight people are fuckin wild sometimes.
"Can men and women be just friends?"
Damn I keep not realising you're Cocoa wtf
My goal isn't to hit a certain milestone but basically to just not die and get fucked over with health issues.
Not that I'm gonna give up ofc
It's an uphill climb because I noticed when I started medication, training actually got more difficult over time.
The 5k was hard.
All this tells me is that my fitness is absolutely fucked.
<:ShirabeDone:688198954810474559>
I can't really take into account time taken to wait at traffic lights either.
<:HibikiWhoops:585839808115507222>
I've been going by how long it takes me to get to places.
Oh
Do you all have like speedometers?
I expend all my energy at once lol
Maybe that's why I can't go very far.
Honestly other people cycle too slow to me.
But I try to race to places, that's the thing.
I can maybe do 20 miles if I go at a slower pace.
Hope for the best and that's as much anyone can do until they're in a better situation or find support.
Continue to be there and be someone who they can be open to.
Your friend is still around now, which means something.
I think what's important is to not blame yourself too much for being unable to help sometimes and to just do what you can for now.
We can always hope it doesn't happen and try to be there for them but yeah.
Later found out he OD'ed on heroin. Never came back to the UK.
He was so excited about a trip he had back to Russia.
He had times where he was down but he seemed genuinely on the way up.
Similar issue with depression with a friend I had.
Still gonna do it recreationally
I meant giving up on competing
I haven't given up entirely
<:CinnaShrug:614728987435991050>
But since I've given up on sports it's like
And then I desperately wanted blockers mostly so I could fit the sports guidelines
Prior to hormones, it was hell
but my issues haven't really come from gender in a while
Happy is an overstatement
Well
These past few months? I've been pretty happy
But tbh
And a few extra steps because of the unique situation
There's a lot of considerations here
Nope
There's also uh, horny time to consider behind this
As in, no HRT for several years
I'm thinking like doomsday level of lack of supply
Maybe not
I'd still be lacking hormones either way
But assuming I'm on blockers at the same time
But the consequences for missing pills would be a lot more risky
I mean, I still do now
After surgery, I'll then *have* to be on hormone pills constantly
Nope
Which, still isn't ideal but probably better than no hormones whatsoever
And then I'll start getting T naturally
Then all I'd have to do is wait for the blockers to wear off
If I haven't had bottom surgery
I'd essentially be in menopause
That means I'd be going out without any kind of hormone
if for whatever reason HRT supply runs out
Here's the thing
Sport is no longer an issue
It used to be a worry with sport but considering I've just given up on that
Plus, getting surgery means being out of commission for about 3 months
If that makes sense
Yeah but the longer it's put off then the longer we'll have gone without surgery
Got a long time to decide,  kind of
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
We just wouldn't get it
Well rn that person might be me so
Which, looks like it may happen, idk
Well that depends on if it gets diagnosed as a disorder
Never got my coke in the end
I poured myself a coke and then before I could drink it we had a wave of patients for the next few hours until end of shift
I left my drink alone at work once and it got thrown away I think
No one else can make this decision but I guess just hope I work it out soon
Gonna have to decide if I want bottom surgery
Ah shit
If it happened to enough people to make news articles then I guess it wasn't an isolated incident
I thought my friend just made a mistake but
If you Google you can find articles about students getting turned away at polling stations
They did the exact same steps I did
A lot of people registered but just got turned away
I did a Google and found the articles again
So did many others
They did register
It happened to my friend too
And then we just seemingly did nothing about it
And how so many students turned up to their polling stations only to be turned away because they apparently weren't on the list
Does anyone remember in the UK how shady the last elections were
(Still reading btw)
Yeah, sounds difficult as hell.
We don't get hallucinations but do get flashbacks, maybe?
Are you flag tho
Almost definitely out of the question
So that version of surgery is like
Keep going forever
Every 2 weeks or smth?
I don't remember
But it's the safer option
Then, well, I think it's obvious what you can't do with that
If we're not and just getting the outside aesthetic
If I miss dilation then it could collapse and that leads to some serious health issues
Then that would mean regular dilation
The problem is that like, if we're getting the "tunnel"
(NSFW) ||getting your dick sucked is really fun||
I meant
I mean I've been on blockers
I know but
It read like "why would anyone do this... time to make a movie about it!"
Yeah the inspiration bit confused me
Me being here was pretty much a call for backup from Kaiyo at the time
But yeah everything's fine
||Suicide watch||
The two of us were around and didn't sleep because
Thanks, you too
If it affected you badly, then it was bad
Once or twice or more, it doesn't matter
Feels like suffocating when I wake up
And then sometimes I even fucking end up dreaming about him
I usually end up curling up and crying
Even though we're literally living alone in our own apartment
And expecting to get punched any second
Like being back at my dad's house
They can last maybe a few hours and it's always like, a sense of dread and feeling like being back in that same place
No hallucinations for us, but Meiyi sometimes gets trauma memory flashbacks.
I'm sorry, I can't imagine it being easy to deal with.
That's part of schizophrenia right?
And things that have some real damaging impact?
To me there's like things that are just, terrible and not funny/entertaining
In that it probably made a lot of people perceive suicide and depression in a certain way
13RW has some real impact
It just looks like such dumb shit comedy where there's no punchline but "haha this thing is random and gross"
Paradise PD looks almost inoffensive but I haven't seen much of it
Nothing will ever be better than Catalonia.
<:RutileDisgust:733667908282220605>
Still a monarch.
Catalonia deserved better.
Catalonia revolution best revolution
I get the feeling a lot of recent history in Britain was getting scraps thrown so people don't get too unhappy.
Because afaik there were still a lot of rebellions during the previous monarchies.
Yeah, so that's why I said modern history.
The British state is extremely good at maintaining its power now.
Which I would argue is actually a bad thing.
Most of modern history from the beginning empire seems to be about being very successful at preventing rebellion and revolution.
British history was relatively stable since the civil war though right?
~~A shame the nation's becoming the thing they sought to destroy in WW2.~~
Pharios is right.

The voting system paired with publicly displayed karma makes it the kind of website where you can't just be a bit good, you have to be really fuckin pretentious and smart.
Even the good subreddits annoyed the hell out of me.
The thing about reddit is that it's awfully circlejerky.
Children are actually more polite than them.
Hey now, that's not very fair.
You're right, so it's not as simple as "we're all humans."
"Real life is complicated"
Some people are just, plain shitty.
Apart from that, if it's not your fault that they're like this in the first place, then it's unjustified.
It's bad, I know. Just try not to go down to a low level as well.
> She said that she doesn’t have a reason. Which made me say that she probably wants me to cut myself with scissors and hurt myself
Don't say that. If she's doing this purely to be hurtful then that's really shitty of her.
Labour appropriated it <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Though cowards flinch and traitors sneer, we'll keep the red flag flying here!
Raise the scarlet standard high, beneath its folds we'll live and die!
So you truly believe there's a plot to overthrow western culture?
LMFAO
Rich and poor are still groups.
What you just listed are literally groups though.
Do you acknowledge that oppression against marginalised groups exists?
If you have even the slightest knowledge of discourse analysis, you would understand this.
It's not a matter of "all I said was x" because words have meaning in the context of their society and culture.
And that is why the language you use is important.
Yes, words DO have power.
<a:ZweiWing:663572847993552936> if wanted Shemmy.
Fuckin hell, I didn't expect that to come out.
Maybe I should send him an email?
Wow really? I still didn't get paid by Soros for being antifa though!
<:ZweiHug:672455346949980170>
Do you also support "all lives matter" over "black lives matter?"
I'm saying language has its own meaning outside of your own control.
Nobody's telling you to align your beliefs with American politics.
It doesn't matter if you're not from the US. The words have a meaning outside of your control.
Yes, but the point is saying something like "cultural marxism" will mean things beyond what you intend.
If you have even the slightest knowledge of sociolinguistics.
Which, surprise surprise, trusting each other and engaging in good faith has helped achieve
And probably all of us are just looking for a place to do all that without getting judged or criticised for mere existence
In the end, I think everyone just wants to chill. We're all gear fans here and some of us want to just get to talk about work, gaming, etc
People trusting each other here to have good faith and intention has led to a community where we can just kind of chill and spend a lot of time talking about chill casual stuff together without any fear of anyone potentially disagreeing with their existence
I think what I like about this server is that its existence is almost some kind of proof/experiment (for lack of better wording)
It usually leads to a more comfortable environment for everyone in general tbh
<a:ZweiWing:663572847993552936>
But you can't just start up your own little commune, you have to respect property rights!
Don't like capitalism? You're allowed to stop participating
You have the freedom to starve if you don't like it
But you can't opt out of it truly
Anyone who disagrees with capitalism is in theory free to
The thing about capitalism I find is that you don't have to use military force to make people work or anything
And wages are an extremely cunning way of keeping people in line with the way it works
Because laws are protecting property rights
And now you suddenly hold the livelihood of many people in your responsibility
Type some numbers into a computer, get a piece of paper printed
That we have systems where that's even a thing that's possible
That's the issue
Not "hey we're all Nazis and have a strong bond over being Nazis!"
And communities in the sense of, volunteers who sent up community centres and bring together artists, musicians, pioneers etc
By "stronger communities" I mean co-operative
They would be divided communities
They wouldn't be very strong communities
Time for me to plug in "Catalonia deserved better" and "the Makhnovists were the best thing to happen to Ukraine"
I have faith in stronger communities
I don't have faith in the state
THEN decentralisation
Rather the power should really be going towards the vulnerable
I don't think we should just hand more power to the state
And the centralisation of power which allows said ideologies to take a huge monopoly of power over such a large scale
There's the overall ideology of the culture, which is preventing mere decentralisation
I see there being two issues at hand here
It's very easy for populists to rally up support
As soon as anything major fucks up
Because assuming even if it's a progressive society, backwards regression can still result from any economic stagnation
A highly centralised democratic government would rely on things to *never* go wrong
Democracy is just like that though
Highly disagree with greater centralisation
Read the bread book
Even if it still means that a state will continue to function
So I'll still vote for social democrats
Because you can't build stronger communities if everyone is in poverty and starving
For now, can only work towards making the current circumstances fairer and more comfortable
At least to me
But damn is it the ideal
I don't think we'll see anarchism very soon, unlikely in our lifetime
If you go completely off the grid, I would assume
They'll still ask you for taxes, even if you don't use the roads or any other services from the state
Your independence won't be recognised
And I think it's pretty obvious if you try to declare your own land as a state
If there's a central power over an area of land, I'd hope there's some justification for right to rule
Or the Pacific islands?
What gives Washington the right to govern California
Because assuming you mean federal power needs to be strengthened over the US
Where does the right for a centralised government to rule its current borders come from?
Inevitably I think you'd come to the question of how far should centralised power go
So you agree with devolution of power?
So you're still calling for devolution of power?
My mother was a colonial
And I'm not talking out of fiction or fantasy
Not in the form of states as they are now
But I don't trust that to be in the hands of a monopoly
Yes, people do need a form of power
That includes smaller states
I'm against monopolies on power
But it is an issue
And not one that can be easily solved
The fact that there's even a monopoly on power that people need to express violence to make a centralised government make a decision is the problem here
And it wasn't because a few politicians decided to be kind one day
It completely ignores why those governments made such decisions in the first place
Hugely reductive
That's
Reformed into a less shitty version of itself but never into what's needed
I'm not sure if we'd be at an impasse here because for your earlier statement, no state can be reformed in my ideological view
Just because NZ has less shitty centralisation doesn't mean that's the end solution
And it's not centralisation of power that fixes it
But those issues still exist
And NZ still has issues afaik
You're right
Yes
And even now it's not working very smoothly
Except, they've had millennia to sort that out
China suffers from the same issue in how it's an attempt to tie together multiple ethnic and cultural groups into one state, all with differing geographical conditions
And not even to the scale it is now for the first few of those years
Centralised government in the US has only existed for about 300 years
Because such a vast land wasn't "meant" to be ruled centrally
I think there is something to be said about the issue of centralisation of the US
The one high school relationship I know that lasted until uni turned out to be a pretty abusive one so
That kind of is high school relationships yeah
>.>
You do have congress
Gonna start the MCRevolution
When can Manchester become an independent city state
Putting all power in the middle anywhere is a bad idea
USA that's no longer existing as a single country is difficult for anyone to comprehend because we haven't known anything else for a really long time
The idea of reforming the US government to have greater central power over the rest of the land feels like it's only normal because we lived with these borders for a while
And I still don't know what justification a centralised power has over a given land
One that didn't form naturally
The US governs a hugely large population though
What?
At least, some are.
But the most we can do now is be glad that people are finally trying to be safe.
I do too, I get it.
It shouldn't have reached pandemic level before anyone started caring, but we may as well do what we can now to prevent it getting worse.
But even so, it'd be stupid to now say "you didn't care before so fuck you! I don't want your help anymore!"
That's the bystander effect for you.
I thought just earlier you were mad that people don't care about deaths?
It hasn't just magically disappeared lmao
There still is flu, cold and cancer?
You're not going to put COVID-19 patients and ER patients in literally the same ward.
Hospitals are split into zones.
You're literally talking to someone who worked in the hospital.
Yes, ER is different to COVID-19 treatment.
They're not all outfitted for the same purposes in treating COVID-19.
Not every hospital is going to be the same.
What info?
Also Yami an "/s" at the end of your messages might be useful.
You do realise these are actual human lives and not just a statistic?
You're just refusing to accept the solution.
And in this case, there is an answer to "what you gonna do?"
These are *preventable* deaths.
Preventable deaths.
Some of those people who are vulnerable to COVID-19 are people I know.
You're willing to let people literally die than let the line drop for a bit?
What the fuck?
They're doing best so far afaik
Look at New Zealand.
Assuming this is about some new sex ed policy, good on Scotland then.
Does anyone know what the context is?
I don't get what's going on?
I saw #nutella trending in the UK and it turns out it's because of this lmao
https://twitter.com/Alliance4Unity/status/1298582690011250688
Hope the rice is good!
I almost thought you were being serious multiple times.
The Kuomintang weren't exactly a bastion of democracy.
Even Taiwan was ruled by a despotic regime though?
Asia didn't get the same unifying force that Europe did.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
Not to say Kim Il-Sung was the better leader btw, just stating that as an independent statement.
CN was left in a civil war, SK had an American puppet installed?
Asia didn't really get the same thing afaik?
Due to the Eastern bloc they kind of had to quickly move on from WW2 for the sake of that.
In Germany, they had the Marshal plan.
The thing about CN is that it was kind of left to chaos after the war.
And later on, Abe retracted those statements.
As I'm reading this, I'm seeing statements of admittance to war crimes.
"August 26, 1982: Chief Cabinet Secretary Kiichi Miyazawa said to the people of the Republic of Korea: "1. The Japanese Government and the Japanese people are deeply aware of the fact that acts by our country in the past caused tremendous suffering and damage to the peoples of Asian countries, including the Republic of Korea (ROK) and China, and have followed the path of a pacifist state with remorse and determination that such acts must never be repeated. Japan has recognized, in the Japan-ROK Joint Communique, of 1965, that the 'past relations are regrettable, and Japan feels deep remorse,' and in the Japan-China Joint Communique, that Japan is 'keenly conscious of the responsibility for the serious damage that Japan caused in the past to the Chinese people through war and deeply reproaches itself.' These statements confirm Japan's remorse and determination which I stated above and this recognition has not changed at all to this day. 2. This spirit in the Japan-ROK Joint Communique, and the Japan-China Joint Communique, naturally should also be respected in Japan's school education and textbook authorization."
"June 22, 1965: Minister of Foreign Affairs Shiina Etsusaburo said to the people of South Korea: "In our two countries' long history there have been unfortunate times, it is truly regrettable and we are deeply remorseful" (Signing of the Treaty on Basic Relations between Japan and South Korea)."
Before Abe, I mean.
Wasn't Japan on the path towards acknowledging history and apologising?
The previous PMs were chill right?
This conversation would go a lot differently if Meiyi was around lol
I'm too dispassionate to really put my heart into that kind of thing.
So we've stopped fighting war through blood and now have switched to fighting war through economy and trade?
I get the feeling that imperialism has just kind of, evolved.
South Korea for now is under American influence right?
China's kind of doing the same now.
Japan seems to have survived the colonialism by literally becoming imperial too.
Honestly it seems like the rise of countries in Asia post-colonialism was through becoming western themselves.
I think it's one of those things where you have to consider how the far past significantly affects the modern day.
The meddling of the West in Asia is a complex issue that goes back centuries.
Also adding on to what Circles said
So he didn't believe in benefits/welfare, or allowing anyone to come in the country.
Through hard work and effort.
Dad saw himself as the kind of immigrant who came here and made something from nothing.
A broken clock tells the correct time twice a day, you know?
He was also nearly a UKIP voter while here in the UK.
But you're also kind of right Lank, I don't think he disagreed wholly with the nuclear bombings.
We got fuck all to do with western crimes lmfao
And yes, Rad is right.
Meiyi on the other hand...
I'm very removed from a lot of these issues since I don't really feel connected to our own personal history and family.
*before Nazi Germany surrendered
If the nuclear bomb was developed before Nazi Germany was developed, it would still be right to call out the holocaust.
Wtf?
Nobody's doing that here?
And then go on a rant about war crimes.
He was one of those types who were like "I don't hate Japanese people but..."
Completely anti-Japanese.
Dad was almost like
You're the opposite of me then.
I feel like I've been too defensive of Japan so far lmao
True but whether it stayed private or not, he would've still thought that anyway.
Clear condemnation of right wing ideology.
I think that's what I loved about Code Geass, and what I love about XV of Symphogear tbh
Afaik there's right wing groups that want to restore the empire.
Japan has an imperialist movement going on.
Yeah, still bad definitely.
World's different now, they would be pushing up world tension way too high with even one invasion.
JP can't really return to the same level of imperialism as before, right?
The fact that mutual aid groups formed is evidence.
The pandemic has proven otherwise in some places.
I doubt it.
Yeah, he was helped by the South African with a narwhal tusk.
Do y'all remember the Pole who attacked a terrorist with a pole in London bridge?
We're in the kind of era where anything can happen tbh.
Use a different kind of fish instead!
You can't handle salmon suspiciously in public!
That's illegal!
Maybe we'll all die before anything major comes of this though?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaa getting sidetracked from serious now.
Circles' reign?
https://tenor.com/view/march-soviet-gif-17747573
I don't think you could though, unless you had some clever organisational and planning skills.
*Votes*
Personally, I think it's kind of getting tiring.
Yeah, she gave back some award.
It's mandatory in shops now I think.
Kind of similar here?
The fuck kind of logic is that?
Masks at home but not outside?
Wait...
And because of basic social psychology, it's easy to just go with whichever group claims you to be membership to.
It's also a formulative time for identity right?
What Lank said tbh
Unfortunately, that also means access to far-right circles.
While we live in a much more progressive time compared to previous history, we still have the wide access to info.
I think it might be a little bit too simplistic to say "young people will be more leftist."
Can be kind of hard to follow a conversation if you can't open someone's messages
Just in a subtle way that it's probably not obvious
I'm saying this here because this place is exactly the kind of place where I'm scared of people
Oh and, I feel it's important to say
But it doesn't feel like it because I wasn't there for the process
I know that at the end of it, I ended up in a better environment, that's all
I don't know what happened during it
Almost a year or maybe even longer of my life has just been wiped from my memory
Because I don't remember doing so
So I don't think I ever emotionally got past all the shit that happened
Idk I have like a memory gap of however the fuck long it is
As in, a dog that's been abused and is now scared of people
Afraid of getting hurt
Because of that
And just really scared of people
As in, don't come near me or I'll bite your hand off
Sometimes I feel like I'm an abused dog
A lot of things in Wales are printed in both languages, the streets often say "araf/stop" and signs have Welsh and English displayed
Heddlu is Welsh for police
\https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anxFhtvs2uk
Person/people of colour
White people are immune ofc, only people who are Chinese or can be mistaken for being Chinese can catch COVID
/s
Not revolutionary enough though
Lank you're really communist lmao
Christ
Idk I feel like I sometimes have a tendency to lean *ever so slightly* authoritarian
<:gunhand:713136559901114368>
International NGO if you stop being a centrist
Differences are more obvious in how we apply such perspectives to specific issues
If there are any, it would lie in revolution vs reform
My guess is probably not extremely different
I never said I wasn't <:KirikaWink:689564310908960900>
Sounds fucking liberal and centrist
Being neutral? What's that?

Long test
Comrade Circles <:CommieCat:708680934785810483>
This doesn't say authoritarian or libertarian though
Were your ancestors part of the KPAM or smth
Didn't take you for a molotov grenadier
Fucking hell Circles
You're more revolution?
But I think I got my thoughts more in order now at least
It's a lot of personal childhood history stuff
Which I probably shouldn't talk about here rn
The way I'm talking about this is making me realise what's causing these feelings
I must always be ready to pack my shit and set off
So I must always be ready to move
I can't imagine anyone doing things "just to be a good person" or "just to be a good friend" very often
This applies both to interpersonal relationships as well as larger things like politics
So I fully expect people to change position as soon as is more convenient
Not even that, it's just hard for me to see anyone as doing anything beyond their own self-benefit
It's just, f e a r
Because no one is doing anything
It's not so much that anyone is doing anything
Get your goddamn IKEA out of this server!
Rad's political ideology is Scandinavian?
Holy shit
By becoming a politician?
I don't think anybody wishes war was the only answer
I mean that's fair
I think there's a difference between a society's traditional values, and personal culture and practice
I assume that makes it into less of a personal thing and more of a societal thing
"*Idea* of traditional values"
Your wording
Actually, agree, because of one thing
Wow
Eh, disagree
Or was it a neutral perspective?
Was it also very south biased education?
War of northern aggression
Common goal
Is your monarch still Elizabeth II?
Explain pls
If it's the people's monarchy then that's acceptable /s
...Is it at least a people's monarchy?
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
Wait, you're monarchist?
I have positive-ish views on it tbh
If you abolish wage slavery but keep the markets, you pretty much have market socialism if you're not familiar
You can still have a free market without capitalism
Capitalism refers mostly to the structure and hierarchy
Basically a market economy but decentralised ownership of private property (if that's the word)
Market socialism is the Yugoslav model
Depends
For capitalism
Yet I think being a market socialist will score you highly on those questions
Market socialism is technically a form of communism
Tbh you're right Rad
Plus, I grew up to witness so much suffering at a personal level which only strengthens my convictions
So I can't see myself being anything but anarchist
My family has now lived under both systems in different forms
Interesting how both people from Poland scored highly on capitalist
*Red Alert 3 Soviet march plays*
We must remove the liberals and reactionaries to secure the stability of our Soviet state from those who would seek to undermine our socialist project /s
That's why a war would start
Because I'm here
So it at least shows people as they really are
We'll never know what people genuinely answered for each question
There there Rad
Because I imagine this is starting to become genuinely insulting
I'm gonna stop
Less reactionary than Rad
40% capitalist too
/s
You got something you wanna confess to political commisar Meiyi here? <:gunhand:713136559901114368>
33% conservative
But a lot of people don't act in good faith
A healthy amount of debate and discussion is good
Those who are willing to free market their ideas are those who fail
People are not rational beings all the time
It's necessary imo
Understand enough about social psychology and you can rile up the people to defend their community
I believe in using propaganda as a tool to influence and manipulate
I believe in pragmatism with psychology in this regard actually
And I don't believe people are morons
It's just decentralised
Planning won't be abolished
Planning
Because a lot of people will say that to protect such a system, a degree of authority is required probably
There's a lot of like, balance and grey area between working on anarchist principles and protecting anarchism
OK it's more complex than that
And to protect it
People who understand the principles of their society because they've been given the freedom to drive it
That's anarchism to me
Imagine an entire city of Meiyis with guns
But now imagine lots of Meiyis with guns
Meiyi with a gun
Plus, give me a gun
But a grassroots and democratic form of it
Which is why anarchism still requires some organisation and planning
It is
The day an anarchist commune becomes oppressive is the day it stops being anarchism
Or for it to become something that's no longer anarchism
It won't because the only way for that to possibly happen is for it to collapse to external influence
Be it authoritarian socialism , imperialism or capitalism
I cannot agree with any system that has fucked us over
And then again when your family lived the colonial capitalism
Talk to me again when your family lived the cultural revolution of the 70s
If we gonna play oppression Olympics, I think we win
My dad and his dad before him lived under Mao
Y'all lived under Gorbachev or whoever else
Basically I don't buy into "communism ruined my country so you don't know how good you have it with capitalism"
I think when the difference is as essential as how society is structured, it doesn't matter how much you pretty up your structure
This all works assuming someone believes a capitalist structure is what should be maintained
The way you talk is constantly intensely radical
Lank what are you ideologically?
After everything that both systems have done to impact me and my family
Still can't imagine being anything but anarchist
And that it wasn't going through several levels of shareholders, CEOs and whatever else first
And tbh I wouldn't mind it so much if I felt much closer to what I was making
True but someone still has to do the manual labour
I guess you could say I'm syndicalist
I'd argue you'd work better since you have a higher stake in it than just a paycheck
Along with everyone involved
Well then what if you were in charge of what you produced
People argue that they won't work under communism because people don't work for nothing
Honestly I'm just all for the idea of autonomy and co ops tbh
Rather than top down pyramid
If you make private companies into self-management by employees
As in
So I'll agree to disagree
But I think I've reached the point where we've hit an impasse
Not because this is like distressing or anything, this has been a very interesting discussion
I think I'll dip out
This isn't me trying to be tough and edgy and all "give me a machine gun to mow down fascists"
I meant generally that there will be a point where there are reactionary elements that seek to actively undermine, destabilise and destroy
But I would let someone else who is willing and believes in what they're doing to do it
And let me just say, I don't think I could feel comfortable around them now
I've had experience with firearms
I don't mean literally me
I know it will probably happen
And while I hope I'd never have to shoot anyone
You sound significantly more pacifist leaning
Yeah see that's where we disagree I think
The point where I think we'd have to agree to disagree
Well there we have it
Who makes up that military that goes in to stop the region going rogue?
What would your world government do if a region goes rogue?
How does that make a global military any different?
I'd be in favour of an independent militia
But eventually, large government or small, there's going to need to be a group to strongarm others into line
It doesn't necessarily have to be the worst kind
Yes, but almost inevitably, some form of force is going to be needed
It might be a hot take but I'm willing to admit violence is necessary and have no reservations about it
The idea of anarchism without ever needing violence to secure freedom is again, utopian
And you might say "if you have to enforce equality and freedom then is it still anarchism"
Which wouldn't be the case
That assumes nobody does anything about it
That's my answer to rogue actors
I think a world without violence to protect ideology is utopian and does not exist
As does, literally any ideology that exists
It does need protectors of the ideology
That's unrealistic
I don't think anarchism would become entirely free right off the bat when established
And if it decides it wants to be an ethnostate then it's stopped beinf anarchism
Move where? Everywhere is ruled by this idea and government
And you can't escape it
World governance also equally can just be "alright ethnic genocide time"
I can see what kind of ideas you're presenting, almost a kind of internationalism?
I'm ngl
It's actually 8
8
See 7 nation alliance
Large organisation and alliance like that can easily just be bad
The UN just *happens* to be good
Big oof
Whenever it happens, I hope it goes the best it can.
Coming out to family is understandably important and I'm sure you'll get the chance to do it, just stay safe as well.
Stay safe, most importantly.
17, where the fuck are his parents?
<:ShirabeDone:688198954810474559>
They're doing it again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seKzkjxypUY
And thought "these kids are all gonna get covid"
I walked past the school seeing them all playing in the yard
They already did here
Yes, fuck those credits too
Obama never gets the criticism he deserves for it
This might be a hot take but just gonna throw out that things like this aren't unique to this movie
My parents getting divorced was the best thing to ever happen to me
The only thing I have to add is
Damn, pessimistic discussion to wake up to
It's alright to not feel alright
<@383228351168512001> I feel like you constantly maintain this self online (at least in this server)

The HIV allegory with the werewolves, the goblin bankers?
Apparently there's also an Irish wizard who likes to blow shit up?
But the main point is, it's just an extra thing she's doing on top of what she's already done. Can't really give benefit of the doubt to someone who's already evidenced to be transphobic.
Maybe if this book was written somewhere that trans rights isn't as hotly debated then it would be small news, but this is the UK.
<:RutileThink:748557987957833788>
Discourse analysis.
And even if she wasn't, you'd have to consider it in the context of the climate of the west currently, especially Britain.
Rowling has been consistently transphobic over the past few years.
I know the brief version of it
You from the US?
Thanks to colonialism
The start being, several hundred years ago
Post-9/11 is truly a tragedy, but I'd say we were fucked from the start
Alongside allied countries
But I guess even then you could argue there was more damage in the US, since it was the US that declared war on Iraq and destabilised an entire region further
And not the authorities or people with power
The worst thing about 9/11 is that it made the civilians of both sides blame each other
I know that sounds incredibly cliché, but it really does work from experience.
I think too much about how I'm gonna get my next job to worry over people who may or may not have been offended 6 years ago.
Other priorities take over and you just kind of, become too busy as well.
But given that it's been over 6 years now, I've kind of just forgotten about it.
I should in theory hate myself because I used to be highly imperialist and was in love with British patriotism and the military, and had wanted to join for the hopes of warmongering.
It starts to feel less like someone you are and more like it was someone else.
When you change as a person over time, you also start to feel disconnected from the past more and more.
If it's something traumatic though, like a serious act you committed (I can't imagine you having committed anything so criminal though), then that would require therapy.
Over time though, just kind of forgot about it.
I used to be kind of homophobic and transphobic, which made being in trans spaces really uncomfortable because I felt like I didn't deserve to be there.
If you were a bit of an ass, give it a few years and maybe spend some time around such people/communities.
It depends on what had happened.
I find you just kind of forget about it over time tbh
What did you do?
I mean this with things in general, not specifically Rick Riordan, since I haven't read his books.
I wouldn't so much call it romanticisation but rather positive representation.
Eugenicist?
At this point, I might like Americans more than I do Brits /s
American, I googled.
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
And he's not British either.
Percy Jackson series.
Rick Riordan's the replacement popular author now, it seems.
Yep.
Thanks, gonna have so much to talk about lol
You'll never see us talk like that because we've obviously been taught better in recent years to treat people nicely and not like a dick.
And I hate to say it but that's now like, our instinctive reaction to people who are emotionally distressed now.
(CW: physical violence) ||Maybe even literally snap them out of it, as in making a snap sound with a physical strike.||
We were pretty much taught to call someone a pussy if they start crying and to snap them out of it.
People are usually taught to be nice and to care for each other, right?
I'm non-binary and while I wouldn't say I'm male, I'd say I can definitely exhibit toxic masculinity.
That's not me misgendering myself or being transphobic in a self-deprecating way.
I hate to say it but there's still a lot of toxic masculinity in this system.
Can't relax, always have to see everything as a threat to fight against.
We can have serious anger and irritation issues as a result now.
Stuff like, we were kind of brought up to "not be a little bitch."
There's just so much to talk about, but it all stems from childhood issues.
Oh damn therapy's gonna be wild later.
Not just because of this, but also because it just happens in general.
I'm trying to maintain relationships but it's difficult for me too.
Not surprising, no.
Yeah sure.
Luckily, I snapped out of it before getting to legal age.
I also volunteered for the Sunday parade. If this was a recruitment programme, I'd have enlisted right there and then.
Since I was part of the remembrance day ceremonies, I got to play around with it.
They brought an artillery gun into school.
I saw big gun and wanted to shoot big gun.
I didn't really know or care for much in politics other than being imperialist as hell.
Circles, I was 14.
I was like 14 alright
There was a weird sense of double patriotism in that way, in that I believed it was in the best interest of everyone?
If we were to march into China, I wanted to be one of the soldiers that would be part of the "liberation."
Honestly, I saw it as liberation.
Yeah, cadets was the most indoctrinating experience.
Having that new set of values to replace old ones can help.
Or a new community, new group, just anything where you can take the values of it and think "this is where I belong, these are the values I share and who I am."
Usually something that you can build a new identity around.
Finding something to do does help a lot.
That's because you're still a fucking liberal Rad <:KirikaWink:689564310908960900>
There has to be a "massage parlour" around here that's hiring
And given the networking I have, wouldn't be entirely impossible for me to enter
There's places where I can find that kind of work around here
I mean, the idea of actually doing sex work in physical was something I considered
(But also not really that sarcastic? Idk, but yes because server rules)
Buy my nudes so I can finally afford half life alyx /s
I just wanted to pay for new games tbh
I think that idea can apply to all forms of work though
Some people just like sex and would enjoy getting some extra benefits from it too?
So I can only really agree to disagree on that one
That assumes someone agrees with statist tendencies
Assuming that's done, I mean
How about sex worker unions?
Might be the best we could get with what we have now
I don't disagree with that
It's a wider issue to do with a lot more than just sex work itself imo
Because assuming you say that sex workers who do it purely for survival cannot consent because of the imbalance in power and need, then you'd come to the question of why they can't do anything else instead
I don't think you can uncouple the discussion of sex work from the society/economical structure it exists in
For those who it is though, then the question is significantly harder to answer I think
My survival isn't dependent on sex work
I'm pretty damn sure I'd be consenting because I personally don't need the extra money, I just want it
I'm talking about this from an ethical question standpoint and not legality
Yeah but the idea is that if I'm only doing it because I'm being paid, whether that still counts as consent
Trying to find that balance between protection of sex workers and maintaining individual freedom is the issue here I think
Not *everyone* but maybe some
I mean, Kat I'm kind of doing OK careerwise lmao this was just something I wanted to do on the side which I imagine might be the case for some others too
So someone might question if I've truly consented
But at the same time, I might not provide that service if I wouldn't get paid for it
Because I'm pretty sure that I'd be consenting if I sold NSFW services
I think there's a lot of complicated questions to ask here that are very hypothetical when we're asking about ethics
I speak about this from the perspective of someone who considered sex work
But as is any job
But then when you question the circumstances that lead to sex work, then it seems kind of fucked anyway
Yeah ngl mixed feelings on this because making it illegal to buy sex seems counter to the point of people participating in sex work
Yeah ngl I can't see legalisation of prostitution and polygamy being necessarily bad, but rather how it gets regulated and handled
That better for you?
Ty liberale, ja anarchista, zgadzasz się nie zgodzić
TL: "You and I have differing core ideologies and beliefs as to the practical functioning of said ideologies, so I propose that we agree to disagree, good sir"
Again, that's because you're a fucking liberal Rad
I just find it fun to discuss
> Yeah. And honestly, any form of "sex work" that could be said to exist in a world where no one needs to do it in order to have their basic needs met is just... not going to be remotely a problem in the way that prostitution is now.
Tbh, this. Theorising how "sex work" would continue just seems to be a curiosity discussion. Whether it continues or not is a trivial matter
It's more so just a hypothetical argument as to what would happen after at this point
I don't think we disagree on what should be done
Doesn't necessarily have to be basic needs
But my point is that if there's *any* goods to be traded at all, I'd probably consider sex for it
If that's Allison's point then yeah, alright, I see it
I would stick to other forms of contribution and work
If I can just get everything for free then maybe I wouldn't do it, no
Yet still considers it, and while I'm probably not gonna do it now, it's still got an appeal to me
My point is that it just seems very difficult for me to comprehend because I'm talking from the standpoint of someone who doesn't need to do it for survival
I'm not trolling here btw, if it sounds like I am
In a moneyless society, I'd definitely let someone suck my dick in exchange for a new guitar
More luxuries? Maybe?
I would recommend getting a bra early on because HRT makes your boobs extremely sensitive and it hurts to literally brush up against anything.
Unless you somehow manage to gain fat or further body mass around it, your boobs should grow into your cup size over time with HRT.
Your bust.
As in, your actual chest circumference.
Honestly, your chest isn't likely to get any bigger.
Bust circumference and there'll usually be a corresponding cup size.
I usually just do that.
Measure your bust circumference first.
At least, until a post-scarcity society exists
Work is going to be exploitative, but the least we can do is have some kind of protection and recognition for sex workers as legit workers
I think the point is here that at least taking the stance of "sex work is work" is better than criminalisation as it is now
And that requires understanding how people work and how to use people's power
It's all social sciences
Some people are better leaders but they mostly get there through understanding the needs and power that other people have as well
I don't buy into great man theory
Lol same
That makes more sense
I wouldn't say things being the way they are now is natural, is my point
But they're just not
Leaders can be swapped round and policies can be enacted or changed
And the matter is that such things don't have to actually be like this
Discrimination is often worsened dependent on who's in power and what they do about said discrimination
The two are related
It's not a case of "some people are born stronger" but rather that there's a system where real change can be effected
It's easier for some people than others purely due to circumstances which can and should be different
Yeah Cyph ngl that's not the most nuanced and productive take
<:Hug:670249884485681152>
The article is an unsubtle propaganda piece with bad faith writing
The view count and sub count of the video and channel is insignificant
This isn't as much of an issue as the article makes it out to be
<:ChrisThink:724037732539695154>
"the usual puritans and crazed feminists to start complaining about their existence, likely out of them realizing they will soon be replaced by the superior 2D maidens"
Ding dong the wicked BITCH is dead
Not forgetting the British played a part in escalating of tensions and violence
People say ooh ah up the ra because a couple decades of the troubles feels small in comparison to centuries of genocide
And we wouldn't be in nearly as big a mess had it not been for that and the many later crimes of the British
Which is directly due to colonialism
I think it's clear a lot of today's issues start with the migration of the Ulster Scots
Regardless of which side someone supports
>.>
People who laugh at the remove kebab meme are reactionary fuckholes
The Yugoslav wars still affect the region now
Bosnia is a shithole now
Here's the actual take

I'm sick as shit of these hot takes that have no knowledge of history
And that Irish people now prefer to live and work in England
Then someone started seemingly defending imperialism saying it's the Irish's own fault they're in a bad situation
I'm fucking
Calling it racism against the English
And got banned
Someone said the English gay in a server I'm in
So what do they think the point of voting Republican is
But rather the "deep state"
This is what they voted for, yet somehow it can't be the work of the ones they voted in power?
This is what they voted for?
But
Even when the US government is currently republican?
So people blame it on minorities for the US government's decisions towards lockdown
Wha
I don't get it
It's the Trump administration
But
Or their local state government, and is that somehow different from federal?
The government, which is the Trump administration?
So who do they blame for lockdown?
So, what, people think that they're being treated like Jews forced to wear a star now?
Do people just not want to wear it for the sake of not wearing it
But that's what I don't get
Masks are bad why exactly?
Because even if you believe COVID is a hoax, even if you believe personal choice over collective safety, even if you believe all these things
What is the belief behind it being bad
I don't understand anti-maskers
So I felt there was some need to liberate my ancestral land
Part of it came from a lack of understanding of HK's current situation and the events that led to it
In a sort of American way, the liberator mindset
I was the imperialist
That I didn't expect lol
Well
I know Australia but you said you migrated right
Lank where you from?
I misread
Wait nvm
Ohw
British imperialists say it?
"But the US committed many international crimes too!"
And dumb fucking shit Brits are saying Brexit means Brexit, not realising what this actually means
It's rare to find anyone who supports current hostilities
Pretty sure that everyone who says those things agree that the GFA was a good outcome
People say those slogans out of resentment and anger, not logic
That's your mistake
Nevis you're using logic and reasoning
And is why everyone in England sets off fireworks and lights huge fires every year.
It's where "remember remember the 5th of November" comes from.
So his gunpowder plot to blow up the houses of parliament was to kill king James who was a protestant.
He wasn't an anarchist, I think he actually wanted to restore Catholic rule.
But he's most commonly known because of V for Vendetta, so the actual history is glossed over.
Guy Fawkes.
Half-joke, was just saying I agree with you.
Based Shem-Ha as always.
Gunpowder plot 2, but better?
But they can block anything the house of commons puts through
Or be part of any political party
Afaik they can't actually write up new legislation themselves
They can't do *too* much
Oh LMFAO HEREDITARY TOO
Ah, lifetime too for lords
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrQBTvRj0s8
But rather nobody should really just be that extremely powerful
It's not that the wrong person could be in power, although that's an issue too
The thing about the recent issue with the supreme court needs to be put in context imo
So you can gain power in politics just by being a high ranking member of the church
Bishops automatically get a seat on the house of lords
I mean we have our house of lords here and that's still fucking wack
The supreme court shit is just weird to me
People shouldn't have lifetime power of any capacity
But in America you're fucked for being poor?
Whereas as a kid we could drive to another city for a better school
As in, legally
Especially since afaik what school you go to is dependent on where you live?
Underfunded education, which undoubtedly also affects the minorities in America more so as well
My point is that if there's any slight truth to the "stupid American" stereotype, it's likely a system issue
And if we're talking about places like Florida, isn't their education system massively underfunded?
Let's just say that some people in the UK are willing to break the GFA, potentially restarting violent conflict in Northern Ireland and leading to a second coming of the troubles because "Brexit means Brexit"
The UK is pretty uh
Eh idk
And these are real people with jobs and shit?
Christ
They don't attribute to Trump
So anything the US government does that's lockdown related
If they believe the country's just gonna be run by a "deep state" anyway
My friend was only 23
Found out
Fuck
Heard from him one time that he woke up to the cops having knocked his door down with a battering ram
He was always investigated when he came back but apparently they didn't find anything on him
It was part of the details released and also the patch on his uniform
Nah IFB
I just didn't know the details of what he actually did
But he did drop enough hints to me without actually telling me
But wasn't allowed to tell me
I suspected he was in combat
So he only told us that he was teaching in Iraq
When he came back, he wasn't allowed to tell us anything because the cops investigating
So this shit wasn't released until now
Because crossing the border was illegal
It's just kind of weird you know
This was the battle he was in
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Raqqa_(2017)
Wish we could share pints round the table one last time
He went to fight ISIS
This guy was a fucking hero
But I guess there's fuck all the cops can do now
They couldn't be posted publicly for legal reasons
My friend's old combat uniform photos are now released
Old uniform photos
Something to be celebrated.
I know how he lived, and I know his life was great.
I don't mind if I never find out.
Took a shopping walk to clear my head.
Just that he did.
I still don't know why my friend passed away.
<:Hug:670249884485681152>
You alright?
Sure
Literally just got it from Goreyo Kingdom
Yeah I didn't even know that was a thing tbh sorry
Fucking hell
Literally thought it was because of Goreyo Kingdom
Pls
Decided to go with androgynous eccentric fashion and felt significantly more comfortable
After realising that I'm probably different in this regard, I stopped trying so hard to dress stereotypically feminine and stuff
Similarly, female fans might think Snake is super badass but not actually want to be him, male gender and all
OK, good example, think MGS. Male fans probably look at characters like The Boss and think "damn she's badass" but I highly doubt they'd actually want to be her, female gender and all
I think it'd be cool to be both a female ass kicking vigilante AND a male ass kicking vigilante
While most people can only imagine fitting themselves into one gender of a role, I kind of want to fit into both male and female of the same role
But I realised while playing a lot of video games, I related to male characters but not in the way of "that, but female"
This isn't about stereotypes, the idea of being a strong shield-maiden in plate armour and a spear still is really fucking cool
I just felt like I related to masculinity in some ways, and I didn't totally hate it
It wasn't that people treated differently because I had the nicest female friendship group that did everything equally with me
But something just didn't feel quite right, I didn't really feel like I fit in with everyone as a girl
Thought I was binary trans female
<@454822882045067298> bigender here
But I think I have serious memory issues
I know it sounds bad that I didn't know
I didn't cry when I found out the recent news on my end until much later
I don't think it's super unusual
It can feel like that tbh
Good enough alternative /s
Breaking my client's arm isn't gonna make serotonin machine go brrr
Meant sports is ultimately a skill that's useless in my line of work
No lmao
If I end up working as a therapist, I doubt my clients want me to cure their depression by giving them a left hook
Ultimately doesn't matter in the long run anyway tbh
At least I still have my degree
But I give up on competing
It's not the worst thing to happen
I give up
Because the MMA gym is closed lol
And I can't beat the shit out of someone to feel better about it either
That shit's up in the air now
But nope
I could've been a real wrestler, fencer and MMA fighter
I could've been a real boxer
I would've met hormone level requirements
With the doctor closing due to pandemic
It would've been a year on T blockers now if I hadn't been made to miss my injection
I feel as though my chance at sports was robbed from me because of the pandemic
Really fucking angry now tbh
Oh lol
Pussy?
I assume something just happened
But I assume you mean in the US
Past 9pm yes
And people were gonna decide their prime minister over that
There was an argument over whether it's OK to kill millions of people with a nuke
The last time I remember a debate in the UK
Then again
The fuck kind of debate is that
These are debates?
Because I trust them enough to not take it personally
But I do it anyway
I mean yeah there's some things I have to tell my friends that they won't like
Yeah it sounds like asking for things to be content warned and spoilered is the compromise
You could ask that if he vents about it again if he could content warn and spoiler it
Depends what about
I mean, there's studies that show people do think like this anyway so I don't think it's difficult to show
I think a lot of people probably think in a similar way
That's before even stating the actual theory and logic of the stance
Being part of a group and community feels good, and if it feels like a political stance is providing a community, that comes with other ideas attached of protection, co-operation and understanding
It makes the dopamine machine go brrrrrrrrr
I mean even me, as I'm saying all this, I'm easily swayed by populist rhetoric
But I'm pessimistic about being overly reliant on trying to win people over through rationalism
Maybe I just assume too many people to be dumb
But it clearly worked for the 2016 election
It seems unlikely that he planned the way the rally would go to appeal to social psychology
I remember analysing one of his rallies a few years ago
Either Trump is a genius or just a lucky idiot with good timings
But I do think that some will vote with their emotions over their mind
I don't think people are inherently evil or anything
If Trump was the better person at appealing to human psychology, people will probably pick what made them feel good rather than what made sense
Just because Biden debated better only means so much imo
If he loses
And I think they win because they know what they want to happen and they'll attempt to achieve it regardless of what the facts are
The right and Trump supporters certainly aren't engaging in good faith in this
Maybe the thing that happened is bad, but drawing public attention to it is just painting a worse picture and justifying any negative public opinion
You're not winning yourself any points
This is why I don't like people who say shit like "as someone who's [identity], the [identity] community makes me feel ashamed when they do [disliked thing]"
As long as you don't make any outright lies
Eh some people find it immoral but I think it's better to play at least slightly deceptive and cunning
People usually don't like it when I share my opinion on shit like this and I would guess it's because I sound cold and Machiavellian
I don't expect rationalism or logic to ever really be the automatic winner in anything at all
But maybe I'm just a pessimist when it comes to people
> Because there are people who view Trumps performance last night as "strong" and "inspiring."
Honestly, this is why I don't have hope for people who say "Biden won the debate"
You'd probably have to be more specific, but it sounds as though someone crossed a boundary.
I think tonight's just been a bit weird
I'll get it when I feel good and not as a coping mechanism
Weed has always been a thing I had like 3 times a year
I know it's not ideal but, I don't plan on making it a regular habit
Might just get some weed soon
I think holy fuck could do with one rn
Especially if I feel down
It's just like every few weeks
A massive issue
It's not like
But now my friend's telling me people get addicted on even just one
Given that it's been several years
To have a problem from just a couple and then a shisha
I mean it sounds kinda impossible
Because who doesn't like sweet fruit flavoured shit
A thing
The shisha was particularly
And then it did
It was because I was an absolute mess and hoped it would deal with the anxiety
My first ciggie wasn't to be cool or anything
Idk some days I just like think fuck it all and really crave it again
And then I had weed
But I also had hookahs as well
I had a few ciggies and that's ti
That's an overexaggeration
Well
I used to in high school
i don't fucking ancare
You know what
Do the kids even say that anymore
Really want to tug on a ciggie rn
It's considered a sacred language
Insensitive definitely
I just wondered if it's *free* free in Italy, or if you still pay a fee for all medication.
It's a fee that goes to the NHS for having the doctor prescribe the medication.
It's the same, regardless of what medication it is.
When I go to the pharmacy to pick up my HRT, I have to pay a fee for receiving medication.
Do patients still have to pay for the prescription though?
This is some latest twitter trend and I personally think it's distasteful and stupid.
Amharic is a real language that is used by real people and not a thing for people to shitpost and joke with. And I don't think they know what the triple goddess symbol means either.
People who do those shitposts are dumb as shit and disrespectful.
Pretty sure that language in the tweets is Amharic.
Yeah what Cocoa said
Who would replace them tho
Thanks
If it gets to that point, I'll do that
Not a bad idea
That's
Just to get a pack
I wouldn't get dressed, go down the flights of stairs, out the gate and then walk to the shop
And my laziness is actually good for this too
I don't have the money to actually go out and get some
I get the craving
Oh no like
I've never seen someone describe themself as catgender and then proceed to have a ruined day
I hate to put it this way but it just sounds incredibly unnuanced and making an issue out of something that really isn't one
And it's not really up to an individual to decide the significance of an identity to other people
If it doesn't mean anything to you, that doesn't mean it doesn't mean something to others
Could say abolish culture as well
Yeah, and what's to say those are any more important?
Give people a way to self-express and describe themselves
But it's not necessarily so
We're always told that social identity is bad because of things like "following orders" and nationalism and mob mentality
Not necessarily
Even if it doesn't make sense it hardly matters
And it's never come up in conversation or interaction
I've probably only interacted with one person who has a xenogender like that
Ultimately doesn't even matter tbh
That
What if some people enjoy it as a form of identity and self-expression?
Gender itself probably doesn't need abolishing
You can abolish social rules around it
Friend of mine
I feel really abandoned
I don't know if I feel better now

Got people assigned for liaison with the cops but can't tell what's actually gonna happen until it happens
As soon as the smoke is set off, we're dispersing
And gonna be setting off smoke
We've got a banner prepared and everything
I hang out with a group of radical leftists
Who knows
I'll probably get arrested
Fuck
The memorial's tomorrow
I'm fully aware this is happening
When I put on the uniform, I conform to the role of a medic. I adjust my behaviour and thinking accordingly to how I believe a medic would
It's not bad to have labels, as long as we critically adopt them
What Spats said tbh
Motivation
It gives people community
It gives people a sense of identity
Conformity isn't always bad lol
The idea of being anti-conformist for the sake of being anti-conformist doesn't go anywhere
This seems just like a general anti-conformity/mainstream without purpose
Or it can be used to develop language for people to describe what already exists for them
So maybe you mean "abolish gender hierarchy"
But that's different to abolishing being able to associate with an identity
I mean, exactly, such identities shouldn't be hierarchal
Are you seriously arguing that people should be banned from certain forms of self-description and expression?
As long as they don't use such assumptions for malicious means
They're going to regardless
Because human psychology doesn't work like that
Debating whether it should be abolished or not is a dead end discussion
I don't think you can stop this anyway
Nobody will ever 100% understand every side of you
It lies with people who abuse and oppress with it
The point is that the problem doesn't lie with everyone who participates in a concept
If someone's being racist you're not gonna say "just stop identifying with a race then and you won't be discriminated against"
And who does the problem lie with when that happens?
And it's not up to you to dictate what people can or can't describe themselves with, as long as they don't impose such perceptions on others
It's not bad for people to want ways to describe themselves lol
I've been neglecting mine a bit
Good luck with your cardio
Fuck it, good luck to everyone else staying in this discussion
Yeah this just sounds like edgy anti for the sake of anti now, some way to separate yourself from others who you probably see as a hivemind
All this is just incredibly redundant and I don't really see anything practical to be gained out of this
This is incredibly trivial
You think people who are things don't do anything?
Lol
To me they might be insignificant but I'm not gonna call for them to be abolished
That I just wouldn't give a shit about
There's probably a lot of identities you take on
It sounds like you're just trying to understand why something is important to others when you don't feel it's important to you
The identity means something to people who adopt it for themselves
I repeat again
Again
They could assume that I must be able to sprout wings and fly
People could assume literally *anything*
What
But it's not the identity or concept itself to be attacked but rather the use of it
Sometimes yes, it does harm wellbeing and cause distress
Or if anyone's in distress
And that's the other thing, whether anyone's wellbeing is actually harmed
But I also just don't think about it too much because it rarely ever causes me a huge amount of distress
And I know what purpose I do it with
But I do this willingly
As long as their centrist party wins
Liberals don't give a shit about anything
While nihilists probably don't see the meaning or value from anything, existentialists do, but in an autonomous manner
I think this is probably what differs existentialists and nihilists
Some people don't identify with gender, or identify with the absence of gender
Then maybe gender isn't for you, and that's fine
Claustrophobic?
I don't assume you mean anything malicious by what you say, you probably just don't actually know how others are perceiving and interpreting it and nobody said anything so you could explain yourself
Solo has some point but idk if you're actually aware of it when you're doing it, so next time I might just be direct and explain
Or do you actually think there's something going on
Is this an anxiety thing
Lmfaooo
Rakhi and I are PoC
Bruh
I'm not sure if this belongs in this server because it sounds like advocating slaughter of some sort
Your take is extremely reductive and lacks nuance
People who are trans, disabled etc etc etc
But there are oppressed Americans
Listen, I hate America too
Lmfao
Are you being sarcastic now?
Every American?
We can only hope that things get better as smoothly as possible
I don't know how to tell you to care about people's lives
Some who are in this server
Civil war means people literally die
Or the shit that came after it?
Authority over Hawaii?
Too bad the world isn't ideal
Although matters of independence for such areas is extremely complicated when talking about the world stage tbf
Agreed Cocoa
Idk if you're still reading this but thanks Lily for taking care of it
Oh and one thing I'd like to say on a more positive note
If people wanna play oppression Olympics I'll play
This isn't the first time people have just straight up acted like none of that matters
Even before all this, they were the victims of losing their shit to the British colonisers
My family are in literal danger of being ruled by a dictatorship now
Hong Kong is literally in such a crisis state now
Some days it really just feels like people forgot all the shit that happened
Actually, I'm not done
Gonna drop it now, I've said all I can
Literally say anything to me, but the second someone erases the history of oppression that my ancestry have faced that's it
Good riddance
Lol
It's preferable for people to not die
The fact of the matter is
Not like it matters to the discussion anyway
But I don't know, so I'm not gonna make such assumptions back
You probably ain't seen *shit* compared
You don't know my life or who I am
You know, I don't think there's anything more insulting to me than to be assumed to be a westerner
It's not winning you any logic points
Stop making wrong assumptions about who people are or where they stand
Lol
I'm not American but OK
They would be targeted in the event of civil war by groups that take the opportunity to carry out such persecutions
In fact, they'd probably be first to die
Don't forget black Americans would also die in such a civil war
You can't just say you're willing to sacrifice people's lives in here publicly and not expect backlash
Keahi if you really think the people in this server having their lives risked and possibly dying is worth it, you probably shouldn't be here
I'm too westernized
But I must love the queen right?
Thanks for totally erasing the years of oppression my family faced from the British, resulting in the political shit that's going on from my ancestral land
I'm a bit eh about accelerationism tbh
I meant that's what Keahi was saying
Well idk what to call it
Wanting to accelerate that so you can live comfortably is just
The privileged are likely to be the ones to survive longest
If there's collapse of order though then the vulnerable who can't protect themselves will die
Civil war 2
As stated before, it'd be the vulnerable to die first
And imo just goes to prove how bad of a take it is to want collapse to go further
This is an interesting article
What was the article?
Unironic reversal of hierarchy isn't a good take though
I have my own opinion on this issue but I'm not here to argue about morality since I know people won't budge. I just want to see someone actually admit to their position, justify it and defend it.
If you're going to do what you want, at least stand on the hill you defend.
When you kill off a character, are you thinking "I would personally want to murder that character if they existed IRL?"
I'm not here to accuse everyone of being a pedo. I just hate that people who try to defend their position seen to do it in the most mental gymnastics of ways.
That's not comparable.
But in that case, you're still attracted to a character while knowing they're canonically a minor?
If you think that's still fine then alright, but I think people should stop trying to go roundabout ways with this.
I mean, they're literally minors?
The issue of Kirika art I mean.
I think this is one of those things where you made your bed and you should lay in it.
Ehhhhh
I've always had an opinion on this, but it's probably a hot take so I just never mention it.
RTing Kirika lewd art doesn't count as breaking Twitter rules.
But yeah, my involvement here is done.
I've backed down. I'm just personally exhausted with seeing people start something and not follow through.
I hope it's "block and move on."
So what are you gonna do next?
Yeah, I sure as hell hope no one's actually going after the account as a result of all this.
That's part of having a belief.
If you hold a stance, you're gonna get backlash and criticism to varying degrees.
If you believe something then stand for it.
The only reason anyone should feel uncomfortable in answering the question and admitting to it is if they can't justify their position.
But if you're absolutely sure your position is justified, then what's the issue?
That's what I was trying to get. If you're alright with it, just admit to it and stop trying to circle around the issue.
> But it's still OK to sexualise canonical minors in fiction?
<@170641480791228417>
It was a simple yes or no.
I asked a question and you avoided answering it.
Finally. Someone actually answers.
Answer the damn question.
Just answer the damn question.
But it's still OK to sexualise canonical minors in fiction?
It's just locked behind a paywall.
Also, you live in the US, where I'm sure there's a fuck ton of resources.
It sounds weird yeah, but Nevis is right, kind of.
You're not told where or when.
Everyone's been getting a bug where it'll notify you that you're in close proximity to someone who reported COVID symptoms, but the notification just disappears.
That one actually sucks a lot. Even the COVID track and trace app doesn't seem to work properly.
England probably on way to second lockdown.
Orange man bad.
Yeah, I'd rather that.
You always have an interesting way of voicing your opinions lol
My face was made public to a lot of people.
Some 16 year old on Twitter posting your Twitter handle is nowhere near the same.
> that's not quite true, as I've seen the same with TERFs they'll dig through anything they can find and start throwing shit long before you're aware they even exist
Been targeted by TERFs in the past for public speaking.
Regardless of anyone's opinion on the issue, I think we can all agree that having an account handle publicly associated can lead to that sort of thing.
I know you didn't see this was already talked about, but it'd be a good idea to delete the link. The replies contain the Twitter handle of the list author, which opens up opportunity for harassment.
Idk if I can find enough work in self-employment
At least, that's one of the plans
I'd probably be self-employed if I have to go private
I might have to go private which isn't ideal
That's one of the things that makes me question if I could find work after graduation
But for a while, I'll have to pay for healthcare and shit until I'm a citizen
Since they got legal gender self-ID while the UK doesn't
Which might turn out to be even better for me actually
The best chance I got if necessary is to move to Ireland
I'm fucked because I picked a career path that requires me to interact with people
That's just not possible unless I pay a lot of money to pretty much redo my education but in a foreign language
I need to know how to explain psychotherapy theory and shit
I have to be able to speak to everyone at a professional level
Because it's no point only being able to speak to some people
I'll most likely need to speak the local language
If I'm working in counselling or therapy
But the problem is
Northern EU does have English speakers
But working with a local population is much different
If I was going for a career in compsci or whatever then maybe it'd be fine because colleagues would most likely speak English too
I don't speak enough of another language
\https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2UD_sbC_GU
<:MikuWorry:672908523495227432>
This is blessed
I'd normally cringe but
Yes, it blames a system.
Oh, you mean you, Rad?
Just that it is.
No but.
Election indeed does, Rad.
It does.
I meant that militias/armies/whatever you want to call them have fluid change in command.
Not everyone is trying to kill each other in an anarchist territory.
Not really?
I think in practice, anarchism has had fluid structure to violent groups.
No individual or group maintains permanent hold of violence.
I think for one is the idea of permanent monopoly over violence.
Much like they kill communists.
If those who truly believe in the principles of liberal democracy want to stop the rise of someone like Trump, they would use any means necessary to maintain the system.
I mean, doesn't that just reinforce my point that no system can uphold itself without violent removal of opposing elements?
What?
It can't possibly be an ability exclusive to liberalism.
Then why does the idea of later generations not maintaining a system for a long time seem so impossible?
But it used to be a revolutionary concept.
It's so difficult for us to envision anything other than liberal democracy now because it's what we've known for centuries.
Education.
There's only so much that can be achieved around the debating table.
If you and many others both share a similar vision of what you want, act and enact it.
The practicality of it doesn't change to me, and that's what I'm interested in.
If the wording of whether something is a state or not bothers people so much, then let's just rename it.
Let's call it "democratic councils" instead then.
State or not, if you want a society to run, it would require enforcement of its own ideals.
This is mostly arguing semantics tbh
And if that state cannot exercise its power and violence, it's doomed to be usurped by another ideology.
One of the criteria of a state being literally a monopoly on violence.
If that sounds cruel, bear in mind that it's how any state runs anyway, no matter how democratic a state tries to be.
Yes, so that would require forceful removal of such people if necessary.
I would argue that any collapse is due to its own lack of violent power.
External force is historically what led to its collapse, yes.
Come election time, and if the Tories get voted out, it would further strengthen my point that they have to go, but we don't have the power to oust them as it is now.
Wait, we can't, we're just stuck with a Tory government until the next election comes.
How can we ensure that our parliamentary representatives are effective, that our ministerial cabinet is effective and that they can leverage enough funding and resource to achieve the goals of the manifesto?
You do realise it's not too different from how representative democracy works, right?
The community would ensure that.
Bear in mind that Soviet Russia 2 had pretty much one person assign who's responsible.
Assuming an anarchist commune existed, you wouldn't see me elected as logistics operator.
I would let the experts deal with that.
Otherwise, you get the collapse of civilisation.
Public support that is willing to believe the society acts in the best interests of its people and will do what it can to defend it.
All I understand is that whatever the society and structure is, public support needs to be drummed up.
What, you expect me to fulfil every role in a society?
I don't do the urban planning or human resources or logistics.
I'm just the propaganda expert.
Idk I'm not the manager.
Democratically assigned workers, probably.
In any society, not every citizen is a soldier.
To be clear, I place the responsibility of power and violence in the ideology itself, not necessarily every individual.
Anyone who believes any system can exist without some form of violence and power to sustain itself is an idealist who is doomed to fail in my perception.
The difference is, anarchism would be using that power and violence to enforce values of democracy, individual freedom, security and survival of a collective group.
No system can uphold itself without power and violence.
If we take an anarchist commune as another example, there's obviously still going to be some power or violence in existence.
You make other people work for you so that you can turn a profit, and they will in turn not starve.
The difference is that capitalism places that survival on the basis of basic needs.
And yes, people will always have some power over each other that involves survival.
The stance that assuming you're even someone who's very well-intentioned, the fact that you have power to control someone's ability to survive is what's considered unethical.
That's what being "anti-capitalist" is.
Oh, you meant your thing as a statement independent of what I said?
Specifically in the case of anarcho-primivitism, I find entertaining it to be a dead end.
Yes, but that's not a question of primitivism.
Primitivism is significantly more extreme than just preservation of humanity?
Wouldn't that just be society as is vs transhumanism?
Nothing of value to be uncovered from exploring or discussing it.
And I personally don't like capitalism as it is anyway, so to push it to its most unregulated extreme in the form of ancapism is also a dead end to me.
At least with the debate with ancoms and such over economics, there can be some sort of solution to be produced.
Nothing of productive value, except dunking on them.
If you just flat out disagree with the dismantling of civilisation and technology, there is nothing to be discussed in that direction.
We don't talk about them.
Anprims are...

To opt out of the global market and set up your own economic system would be to go for isolationism.
For my personal opinion, I'd believe that in our current globalised age, we would still need a market economy of some sort.
Just one that believes the best way to secure individual liberty is through communal protection and co-operation.
Ultimately, anarchism is still a collective ideology.
I guess like the UN peacekeeping force, except competent.
I think the idea of anarchism is that any organisation with violence or power that can forbid these actions will not belong to any particular organisational hierarchy.
I assume you're just using a power plant as an example for any general project that could exist.
Whether resources should be diverted towards its building, etc
Well, the community it affects in question would decide if you even want one in the first place.
If you want one, find other people who want one too and build it yourselves.
Why the fuck are you so obsessed with a nuclear power plant?
It varies between ideology.
Yeah, there's not actually an agreed method of economic exchange.
As I said earlier, such a system wouldn't be able to maintain its structure and values without some form of violent enforcement.
I'm honestly not entirely sure how that could be made to work, but I could agree something of the sort is a necessity.
Yeah, I think the ideal goal is also independence of violent organisation.
Smaller regions.
The next step down.
I would assume the jargon doesn't matter to you, just what it is in practice.
General assembly is a larger meeting of the councils, I think?
General assembly, council, whatever you'd want to call it.
Emphasis on *unjust.*
It's done with the goal in mind of protecting individual liberty, collective survival and safety and removal of unjust hierarchies.
From my understanding, anarchism is generally the democratisation and decentralisation of power.
At least, not to me.
It's not.
I will say that my personal view on life prioritises struggle a lot, so the idea of distribution of responsibility naturally speaks to my personality.
You have no excuse like before now.
If you want something so bad, work for it.
And maybe it's just me, but I like this idea of giving not just power but also responsibility to a wider population.
Who very much has the power to spend 4 years or so not doing the thing you wanted them to.
It just means you have fuck all power to decide what to do, except for voting for someone who *might* be the closest to your opinion.
Just because you might not be personally involved in it doesn't mean it's not there.
Public spending is still a real issue.
The debate over nuclear power is still a real issue.
Literally everything you asked about are issues that exist now.
Do you think power plants grow themselves?
But they do exist.
Now you have the opportunity to solve those issues!
Well guess what?
All those questions you had about how to achieve them?
Let's say anarchism existed *right now* and you were living it.
But that depends on which anarchist school of thought someone subscribes to.
Anarchism, you could say, is direct democracy with ideological principles.
Yes.
The only thing I can really say to any of your questions is "well, the people will have the power to decide that."
You're wanting a yes or no answer out of a question that can't get one.
So it's whatever the people in the democracy decide?
Or what does a democracy think of issues like particle accelerators, marriage, religion?
What does democracy think of abortion?
How would a democracy build a nuclear power plant?
Rad, what do you think democracy is?
Gonna personally drop out the discussion but it was a good talk.
It's interesting but straying away from what I came in here to talk about and brain tired from essay as well anyway.
So if things turn to shit, it'll no longer just be a theoretical discussion for us
This has mostly been a theoretical discussion but in the UK, martial law plans are in place for worst case scenario no deal Brexit
Kent State shootings
Thinking of Bloody Sunday, Battle of George Square, probably more examples out there
But in the end something will have to be done about the fact that the military has power to just kill everyone they don't like
You're self-sacrificing your conscience and rights for the *potential* for something to change, in an institution that's undemocratic
Staying doesn't sound worth it anyway tbh
Too bad the UK is probably one of the last places that would close up
I guess the US can't invade us all if we all do it lol
Until the US is sorted?
Damn, are we just fucked then?
Something something global policeman
What I'm getting from this is that the US is a mutual problem for everyone
<:YumiStare:688429724065988721>
A Spanish civil war 2 would be less than ideal
There's a lot of power with the military and I think we'd all have to ask at some point, what to do about them
Well true, yeah
If you're achieving your goals through the democratic process then this probably isn't something to ever worry about
There must be a reason so many veterans are disillusioned
I'd counter that by saying such decisions are most likely made by the command
The whole civilian AR-15s being unable to compete with the US budget
Because revolutionary types would most definitely fail without at least some of the military in support imo
I guess it's a matter of reform or revolution then
You're a democratic socialist right?
A shame that volunteer forces attract certain kinds of people though it seems
February and October revolution too
Some personnel stayed loyal to the leftist Spanish republicans in the civil war but then there were also a lot who sided with fascism
Seems a bit more nuanced than that after quick googling
While the military is often made up of the working class and has historically aided revolution as a working class force
People join up to be cops and will stay loyal as cops because there's no capitalism to protect if leftism succeeds
Cops have no potential as a force for good/revolution
And I guess I'm trying to understand why
I brought this up partly because some people seem to make the distinction between military and police
It still evades me why someone might still recommend the combat role in hindsight
Sounds about what I expected from Cocoa's answer tbh
UK benefits are mostly bonus luxuries I think
It makes sense why someone in the US would want to join
Former/current military personnel (of any sort): do you feel like you've gotten something useful out of your experience? Would you erase it in hindsight or has it given you more benefit than disadvantage?
Because living in a bubble where nobody knows what the fuck you're on about or what you're doing would suck
And that's fine
Anything you could possibly do has probably been done by someone else
You worry too much about this imo
"They're allowed free speech, as long as they don't do anything too dangerous" kind of idea
If you're a supporter of the status quo, then this is the logical solution: shut down anyone who doesn't like you and might destabilise your country
But this could be a good thing, depending on who you are
But we'd probably end up shutting down the Hong Kong protesters too
Sure, we'd be stopping fascists on telegram
If we're to use a blanket ban, on all extremist sentiment, regardless of ideology
The Hong Kong movement used telegram
There's no one blanket answer without also shooting yourself in the foot
It's a complicated issue because it can be used for "good"
I know a lot of groups that need to be a bit more underground use telegram
Which, it already is in some cases
No one being censored at all sounds like a breeding ground for terrorism
About as good as it can get
Proper regulation sounds good
And national security isn't just about stopping the far-right, it's about stopping *anyone* who threatens the status quo
It's probably some "national security" shit
But I'll stay aware that they're not doing it out of kindness or goodwill
But if they happen to censor some far-right shit, I'll accept that, I'm not gonna lose sleep
In the end, they're still corporate bodies run by CEOs and benefit from capitalism
They always will be in some capacity
Facebook, Twitter and all these others are not on the side of the left, but if they happen to do something that benefits the left, I'm not gonna cry
And I fully expected them to
But I know it's an equal opportunity thing in which the far-left can be equally censored
I'm not gonna cry about it
The ability to censor the right is fine
Night cocoa
If I don't talk in this server during that year, the military police probably shot me for crossing the road at a red light
Let's just see what happens in 2021
<:ShirabeDone:688198954810474559>
That makes a lot more sense
That kind of power running martial law around here would make me extremely uncomfortable
But my concern with the "acting in self-interest" is having this independent organisation that you have to walk on eggshells around
I'd need to look into it more
But I don't know enough about it to know all the disadvantages
Civilian control of the military sounds decent
You mean having the military held accountable to something independent of it?
And that if I had to, I could talk to these people like normal humans, at least more than cops
Man I'm just hoping I don't get shot for buying groceries tbh
Or whoever else idfk
So it could either be Royal Army Medical Corps for innocent-ish duties, or military police for not pretty duties
It's not clear who would be deployed yet, it depends on exactly what happens
Their latest recruitment campaign is some fucked up shit that targets people with shit mental health
You're being sarcastic now but I genuinely hold resentment
I haven't met my recruiter but I want to punch him in the face
Guess I'll have to withdraw my application myself
My ACAB tattoo didn't put them off
Wow

I keep my room ventilated and don't do it any more than once a month
Oh and it appears Kat also meant weed smokers
Well you also weren't the OP
Vaping
Did we forget how the war on drugs turned out
But demonising smoking use is really not the way to get people to stop
Besides, public smoking should be banned anyway so then people don't complain so much
My first priority is "get appropriate healthcare services that work" not "let's genocide them"
Same with smoking addiction issues
Ofc if a woman tried to stab me or whatever I'd defend myself but that's not the very first issue I think if with gender equality
My point is the priorities
Oh OK, then I guess there must be a reason people want to be able to hit women back so badly
It's like people who say "gender equality? Then I should be able to hit women too!"
If that's the first response you have and not to improve the healthcare system, priorities need sorting
The whole "yes, but..." or "then that means [bad thing] is also allowed" are such shitty takes
Show. Compassion. For. Fuck's. Sake.
Show some compassion for fuck's sake
People fucking die from drug addictions
This is an incredibly insensitive take
> shun the smokers, abhor the smokers
Smoking is as much of a health issue and addiction as any other drug and should be treated as such
Even drinking in moderation is dangerous since there's no safe level of drinking
You'll just have to look at the level of risk everything takes and decide if you want to take it
The truth is, a lot of claims made are actually still unclear and need further research
It has its risks but most of its scare was from the war on drugs
Hoping that nothing else happens
Glad you're alright
Fuck, are you alright?
What's up?
But I'd prefer this be treated as serious discussion for the above reason, which is why I put it in this channel
There's a lot of personal reasons that I'd prefer to not go into here
I wanted to enlist for medical support
I don't think it's fun to kill people
And quite frankly, I don't trust the current government in the UK to provide proper healthcare provision
I recognise it's a multi-faceted and complex issue
But the least I can do is try to affect the culture around drugs
I can't change the law, not as I am now
https://www.theguardian.com/news/2017/dec/05/portugals-radical-drugs-policy-is-working-why-hasnt-the-world-copied-it
I like the Portuguese way of doing things tbh
There'll be significantly less strain on the law and order system and the health and social care system
Legalise drugs, regulate them, but improve the society and culture as a whole so there's less reason to need them
That's the nature of capitalism
All drug trade as it is now capitalises on return customers
That's a capitalist problem, not the individual. Your average smoker isn't a big player in the tobacco lobby
And until people look at drugs from this perspective, we won't get anywhere
But that an addicted user is a victim with a health issue
It's not about how much you personally dislike the drug
Literally every recreational drug user with an addiction is a victim and should be treated as such
What about heroin users?
Yumi, did you read anything I said?
Because I'll be conditioned to reach for the bong when I'm depressed
Which is why I make a note of never smoking at my depressed low points
If I only do it for fun, I can stop when I want
If I did it for mental health treatment, I'd have a problem
I do it for fun
And I'm really aware about not smoking when I feel like shit, because I know I'll inadvertently Pavlov myself and I'll start smoking whenever I feel depressed
I'm still in therapy so weed isn't my cure
Oh and, I'm well aware of how risky my use of weed is rn given my current circumstances
Viewing it from the perspective of  law and order over health and social care is the culture of our society and I hate it
Knowing that has completely changed my perspective of all recreational drug users
To take some form of drug, be it alcohol, prescription abuse, tobacco, weed, whatever else to help with issues is to really feel there's no other way
If you've never had to rethink how you view drugs, I'd say you're privileged
As well as having the side benefit of being fun
I smoke weed *very* occasionally, no more than once a month, because it reduces my hyperarousal
Luckily I wasn't severely addicted from the first few ciggies so I didn't really continue after the first few
And I wanted to have one try, and it made me feel like less of a mess
I started with tobacco because some serious shit happened in my life and I wasn't able to function properly in day to day life
I'm heavily against a culture of blame with drug users
And for people who are addicted, it prevents the onset of withdrawal symptoms
In both cases
It lowers anxiety
Yeah I'm done here as well
I don't think I really care, seeing how little of a difference it is in price
But tbh, now that it's actually implemented
Saw it as punishing the poor
I initially opposed sugar tax strongly
That's more acceptable
Alright, I understand your point now
I don't think people are as easily addicted to sugar
But sugar tax
Because if someone's addicted, they'll get them no matter what
Maybe tobacco taxes punish the poor
Taxes usually are a bit punish the poor but I'm on the fence about it
Fuck it, I'm doing the <@174272493777977344> so she can at least tell me if I'm wrong
I'll still sleep easy at night knowing that I actually have the capacity to care about other people
If you want to judge my moral character so badly over this then go ahead
Keep well everyone, I don't really like thinking about such things too much so gonna stop here
"Safe and stable" is what I've heard
I don't think it's a good idea to speculate too much on what's happening, can only hope they make a full recovery
<@!582562434326331392> <@!84343454838030336>
Idk how much I can really say but there's good reason to believe they'll make it
They're in the hospital
Honestly just god forbid anyone ever have to go through the same fate, and this is the only even slightly real solution I'm seeing
And not the opposite way
But it's at least the direction we should push towards
And the legacy of the war on drugs remains
It might not work as easily in America where your healthcare is all privatised
It takes a lot more shifts than just the law
I would know this because my friend was one
But criminalising users is leading to deaths
Heroin is a high that just kills people and I don't know anyone who ended up taking heroin who wasn't in an extremely terrible place.
But I definitely think that a lot of high risk and danger drugs should really be treated much like we do with other deadly chemicals.
I don't really know enough about opioids to know if there's anything that can even be considered not life-threateningly risky.
If there is a less harmful opioid, then fine.
Heroin may as well just be classed in the same way as other toxic substances tbh
I don't want heroin to be bought and sold in any capacity.
There's some that are straight up life-ruining no matter what.
I'm a bit eh on full legalisation.
You can still experience cognitive impact for several days after getting high afaik
As it is now, if you have an illegal drug habit, finding help is difficult since being too open about it will just ruin your life completely.
You wouldn't just be let go without anything.
Yeah, that. In decriminalising, individuals caught with possession would be given healthcare interventions.
Drugs can still be illegal but decriminalised, the charges for possession and use just wouldn't be a criminal record.
Don't confuse legalisation and decriminalisation.
Your moderate right to us is the weird people in Northern Ireland.
Your moderate right is extremist to us.
It's a protest against the far-right government after the abortion ban.
POLISH R E V O L U T I O N
You just have to prove that you're safe to own one.
You can still use guns for hunting and sport in the UK.
Although I do think the individualist values play a part.
Just to be clear, I'm half-joking, I just wanted to make a cheap jab at the US.
It's an extreme individualist culture where everyone is entitled to be an asshole?
Any sort of gun control implemented should be in coordination with marginalised groups.
Let's not forget the Black Panther Party only managed to exist as it was because of the 2nd amendment.
Yeah I'm on the fence about the 2nd amendment.
"Give yourself cancer or I'll throw you on the streets."
Hell, even overnight retail, as overnight retail workers are at greater risk of cancer.
Factory work can carry real risks to health and safety.
You're exploiting the worker's safety and health.
So what about factory work?
Great minds think alike Lank lmao
The only solution is to UNITE THE WORKERS OF THE WORLD
Nevis, isn't that just any business that exists?
Especially union rights.
Plus, it would grant sex workers the same labour rights as all other workers.
Casinos though are closer along these lines tbh
Casinos maybe, but brothels are a different issue regarding a whole other set of things.
Improving the conditions of people's lives, for one.
Combatting drugs is a lot of angles to it and there's a lot to discuss with how we prevent deaths and health hazards but I just don't see some deadly drugs as being a good idea to ever legalise.
Not including the transport police.
And there's only one national agency?
Generally though, each county has its own specific police department right?
I did some googling and the UK seems to have less.
That's a lot of branches.
I know each county has its own constabulary.
Actually, I don't know how it works in the UK either, now that I think about it.
Is this like a distinction between federal and local?
Italy just seems a little different in that regard because MP don't do civilian policing here.
Is there really that much of a threat
Unrelated but why do the Carabinieri all have guns
I don't have a source for that except anecdotal from family who had connections to members of organised crime.
In Hong Kong, guns are hard to come by and not the main choice of weapon in organised crime.
With heavy restriction on guns, a serious criminal organisation wouldn't use guns liberally.
And even if criminal organisations own guns, I'd imagine they would be very careful about its use.
And ofc, a *child* can't just get a gun and shoot up a school.
The average small-time criminal wouldn't always go through the huge effort and finances to acquire black market weapons.
Cypher that's true but the average person won't have one.
So you can't just have a gun sitting around at home for no reason.
And you also have to constantly renew your licence by proving that you're still using it.
British FBI.
The NCA's taken on the functions of the IA.
The NCA.
The IA was scrapped.
"It is the UK's lead agency against organised crime; human, weapon and drug trafficking; cyber crime; and economic crime that goes across regional and international borders, but can be tasked to investigate any crime"
National Crime Agency.
Does he actually have any power to do anything about his claims atm?
Poggers
Megaaaaan
Too bad it's not an independent Vegas 😔
What the fuck?
Is he serious?
It becomes an "aaa" rather than an "ahh"
It's the way the "A" gets pronounced.
<:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
It's impossible to say that without putting on even a slight American accent.
Is this some bullshit like with Arkansas?
It rhymes with piranha to me.
It's a temporary role from announcements.
BTS, random anime memes that are so all over the place, stellaris screenshots from Gwen
And a sponsored advert tweet
Looking through the likes, it's a mix of AOC, Kamala Harris, the Obamas, Biden etc
It happens
And just went with anyone vaguely queer or leftist
I feel like they went down people's follow lists
Because they follow mutuals I have from entirely different discord servers and communities
It feels like they just went through people's followers and picked random people to follow
The people they're following is really inconsisetnt
Just get the feeling this account is fake
Nvm then
Oh
Your account might be hacked or smth
<@!266379640069685252> You're following this person

Hope your family recovers and stays safe.
Afaik the left-leaning party supports independence and is the one currently in power.
More specifically, I did a quick google and he's part of the party that tends to be right-leaning and conservative but I could be missing something.
That doesn't sound right, but I don't follow the politics so I can't say.
> PRC sympathiser
KMT side?
Apart from the sake of independence, I get the feeling ROC is becoming a lot more progressive and could be a good influence.
Yeah, I would hope that it's not so easy with ROC.
Just hoping relatives are staying safe.
I'm not in very close contact with family though, so I'm not sure what's actually happening.
Family in HK too.
Got family over in PRC and it would suck.
I honestly don't get how anyone could even be slightly happy about possibility of war.
I've noticed, it'd just probably take me time to get used to it lol
It's a shame I can only read the PRC language because I'm more likely to visit ROC for vacation if I ever get the chance to get to East Asia.
As in, just a straight up piece of shit, no "background influences" excuse.
That's not excusing anything they said ofc, I've met someone from Macau who was a genuine piece of shit.
I heard they're encouraged to actively monitor each other while abroad (don't quote me on that though).
It's difficult with PRC citizens.
PRC citizen?
Because if it was over one party rule
That's honestly much preferable
I would hope Rad is wrong because violence is unpreferable
I mean, that's why all the protesting and rioting is happening in Poland right
Defend the parliament from the unlawful when the law won't work
Same principle to the parliament
If the police are for whatever reason unable to reach my house, I would defend my house from a burglar myself
Unironically, that's what I take away from this
Drag their dead bodies from their parliamentary seats
If they refuse to give up their power after being voted out
We have to defend against fascists by force
We can't rely on the justice system and legislation to defend democracy
Then what I'm taking from what you're saying is
Would it not be unconstitutional to block all other parties from taking seats in the Sejm?
Doesn't Poland have a constitution?
That's the thing, Hitler had a militant force so anything that couldn't be achieved legally could be accomplished by violence
PiS could create a one party state?

Like no doubt they're shitty but
Has PiS dismantled the democratic system tho
How do guns *never* help?
And The Black Panther Party were clearly enough of a threat to warrant the FBI shutting them down.
It might not overthrow the government but generally, avoiding unrest is preferable.
There's a social, door-knocking training and recruitment session next week for ACORN which I'll be trying to attend all of.
Over time, I've come to believe that we're a lot more divided by class than anything else and that through achieving class victories, we can demonstrate the power that solidarity can have.
But I think it's important that if you can do something, to do so, and if you can't, to encourage others who can.
I understand not everyone is able to participate in IRL organising and I'm not trying to say anyone is a worse activist for not doing so.
I think I'm increasingly disillusioned with online discourse lately.
Lockdown's been giving me a lot of free time, so I'm going to try and dedicate some of my time to unionising with ACORN.
And ofc, the important rule, preach what you practice and practice what you preach.
I'll be more specific: if an (unlikely) revolution were to happen in the UK, I'm holding onto hope of existing organising being able to rally.
Not through rallying around the labour party, but from the unionising that exists.
Northern England too.
I'm holding onto hope for the UK, at least in the north.
It was not a revolution of organised people but one of hostile takeover of a party imo
The provisional government of Russia was incompetent and did not meet the people's demands, giving way for the Bolsheviks, which seems to have been a very concentrated group, to take power.
From what I know of the February and October revolution, it went the way it did because of the spontaneity of the February revolution.
At least when it happens, during it or in the aftermath of it, there'll be alternative structures already in place to fill the void.
If there's a genuine threat of violent revolution, it's better now than never to organise.
The divide just makes recruitment and organisation a lot easier due to growing public support.
Even anarchist revolutions had their great minds and leaders.
Historically, revolution always had leaders that organised and steered it.
I think everyone has this idea of revolution being a spontaneous mass action, where people wake up one morning and think "hmm today I'm going to give up on the government."
Revolution requires people who know what they're doing.
<:HibikiTired:422925410490253313> I'm gonna drop out of this, have fun y'all.
> prove that you are in a state of mind acceptable to own one
I wouldn't trust an institutionally racist state like the US to implement this well as it is now.
Before anything else can occur after, community organising must be in place.
One step at a time, and I think community organising is the most vital part of any strategy.
I don't think I'd be safe being around the rich kids with guns lol
Bureaucracy and taxes would still affect the disadvantaged most.
And how do you see the US reaching such a point?
I just think historically, groups have had their place.
Owning guns as private individuals is a bad idea, I agree.
Who?
I think I should be more specific about my stance on gun ownership in the US: I think well-regulated militias have some kind of place.
> I'm personally against private gun ownership in the US; I understand the hypothesis that it protects against police and military action by the government, but I also have lived the reality that it's a force multiplier that gets people needlessly killed, and I lost a friend to gunfire
I've actually kept this in mind throughout everything I've said.
Yeah I'm not gonna say that guns should be legalised in UK and Australia but the conditions are very different to the US.
Cocoa, what doesn't work?
Wait
And any gun control that gets implemented usually affects the disadvantaged strongest.
People do have guns, and people are killed in hate crimes.
But that's not the situation that the US currently is in.
It's all well and good if you're someone who can go out and not worry about getting killed for a hate crime.
This seems idealist.
Hard disagree.
Do you mean purely as a force against the government or do you mean in all cases?
That's a strong statement.
klj;lkafsdjlflsda;kfj what I'm trying to say is that it's just a habit I have to use that word.
But tbf I think you'd already understand that and I don't really have to point it out.
Or even the violence of starving people if they can't work.
And then you'd just have to point to literally every police force that exists in capitalism, and the militaries.
I get too many liberals who tell me their system doesn't require violence because it's "the natural system that works."
True, I think the reason I just started with that word is because I try to get people thinking of capitalist democracy as "violent."
I just used "violence" because I don't actually know any other alternative word for "exercising power."
Alright, we're on the same page now.
I don't mean that you should send out forces of militias and cops to start beating up reactionaries.
Courts and prisons are violence to me, even if they don't involve the conventional physical act of violence.
By violence, I mean the exercise of power.
I think you have a very different idea of violence to me.
A police force is still a violent force.
Sometimes through underhanded means.
People who disagree with your system strongly enough are still going to fight and resist.
Even assuming you achieve power, you have to enforce that power through violence.
Whether revolutions and power are violent is a very different talk to "should the US civilian population own guns?"
But I think this discussion is starting to divert away from the original point.
Even so, in your ideal democratic socialist society, there will need to be some force of violence to ensure the protection of its ideology.
Fair.
I'm not an American lol
Yeah honestly I think you're being too idealistic and not recognising that every ideology maintains itself through some kind of force.
I genuinely did not know if you meant specifically in the case of developed nations that have law and order or everywhere in the globe.
Saying "never" is a very broad statement.
I know that's a very different case to Australia, but that's my point.
Rojava has guns and it's an absolute necessity because if you don't have a gun, ISIS beheads you.
NEVER violent revolution?
Alright, I fundamentally disagree with you on that.
I argued on the side of guns but just saying it's bad is really reductionist, it's not the gun control itself but rather managing the knock-on effects of either approach.
But it doesn't have to be careers, maybe finding a long-term goal to work on of any sort could be useful.
It's a lot harder, but there's still careers that can be worked towards.
Not necessarily?
Or skills you want to master?
Any particular career goals?
People who feel satisfied with what they're working towards or are content with what they have as is usually don't find so much distress on such considerations.
Or rather, anything you feel like you're working towards.
You seem to think a lot and while idk what your life is like, I get the feeling you haven't found something you really enjoy yet.
And if I'd keep myself alive to see graduation, new job, new relationship etc, then at least live for literally whatever small thing is tomorrow.
Because if everything is fundamentally meaningless, then that ramen may as well be significant as a new job or graduation.
I thought to myself that if I couldn't see light at the end of several years forward, I might as well at least enjoy the light that comes from eating a bowl of ramen.
Honestly, taking an absurdist stance helped a lot through rough times.
I don't mean that mockingly btw I meant it as in experiencing depression or other condition that causes low mood.
And if it doesn't, you're probably experiencing mental health issues.
I think when you're a lot less focused on what comes after and just try to focus on what you do now, things get a lot easier.
Which is why it's interesting to me that Lank brought up absurdism tbh
I don't really expect any particular reward at the end of anything I'm doing in my life, I'm just doing it anyway in a very fuck it why not defiant attitude.
The other alternative is to just not find a job, quit civilisation and all that, but I think most people would rather not.
I think adulthood just gives you so much responsibility that you don't really have to think about whether you should do it or not.
I'd say you kind of work it out in adulthood, but you also don't, it's complicated.
This is starting to sound more personal than political.
The idea of sacrificing some for means to an end is a dangerously tankie line of thinking.
In an academic sense though, it shouldn't have any place.
Journalistic regulation is important imo but if it's being framed as an opinion piece, I feel like those are constantly coming out a lot easier.
I guess it's difficult because it's the level of press you can control or can't control.
OK boomer
Radio 4 is the boomer radio where they never play music and just talk about news and opinions.
(Not the point I know but shh)
I don't think anyone really listens to BBC Radio 4 anyway.
And when you actually like the people you're with.
I find sports is a lot more enjoyable when you're not forced to do it.
Finding a good group and community is nice.
Doesn't have to be something that you end up doing 24/7, just something when you can and feel like it.
Ultimately, I think it's trying to find something that gives a sense of productiveness and fulfilment.
Personally, I looked into books before I started uni, but I know books arent' for everyone.
There's probably interesting youtube chanels or whatever else for it.
Go vegan
So if you want to avoid such a cruel fate
That animal not gonna care when it's dead
It's not gonna change the fact you're getting an animal killed
And no matter what you do
That animal is gonna die either way
Noi is right in the other way though
Was it worth it
Well done you now have salmonella
And those who eat raw meat in front of vegans
I think he means the types that actively enjoy the idea of killing
We all need to accept we're involved in mass slaughter of animals
Animal rights activists have a point
They're correct
They're not
I'm OK with that
I'm doing a bad thing
Animals being killed is a bad thing
Yes, animals are killed
Yes, I eat meat
I've come to terms with it myself
And we either accept that we're all equally responsible for an inhumane act, or just stop eating meat altogether
We all participate in the slaughter
Because your animal was stunned
But don't fool yourself into thinking you're a better person somehow
I do as well
If you want to eat meat, go ahead
Killing is inherently inhumane
There's no way to humanely kill animals
Did your servants do it out of sight for you
Must be from a upper class family
Circles clearly never grew up watching slaughter
Then you can begin to work on descaling it
It kills the fish immediately through blunt force trauma
Smack its head with the blunt side
You get a cleaver and
You smack its head
Ah
Restart the rabbit breeding?
Law and order.
<:MikuDelet:671899945695182848>
Freedom of press existed and the electoral system was maintained.
What I know of Allende was actually pretty good.
I didn't get a relationship until after I turned 18 and even then it wasn't really that serious of one
Being blunt I think you're expecting too much toosoon
It's literally the opposite.
Suggesting people to think deeper and critically is not forceful.
It's not forceful because there's no coercion behind it.
Wrong server, whoops.
Wait
You are?
I think the key word is "presenting."
Might wanna spoiler this one.
*shakes fist*
Before the weebs ruined everything!
Has existed for a while, and most people usually meant that at first.
It's an electronic music genre.
I loved when the word used to mean trap music.
I think it was a documentary I saw.
Thailand's whole thing is a lot more of a gender identity thing than is commonly thought.
Give me a sec, food is cooking.
I'm confused now too
Whoops caps
NO
Wait
The definition of crossdressing.
Yeah, that's what I meant lmao
So wearing a women's/men's t-shirt isn't really it, since it's just a t-shirt that people probably won't notice anyway.
And I looked at the definition, it's clothes not commonly associated with your sex.
Well yeah, but someone in drag is presenting as another gender but isn't trans.
Regarding presentation and expression, not identity.
My mala beads have a swastika on them so I hope people know lmao
Usually accompanied by 4 dots as well.
Anti-clockwise.
The religious swastika faces the other way.
Pretty sure a similar justification was used in the murder of Emmett Till.
It's honestly just been a thing that's existed for a lot of marginalised groups.
There's also the gay panic defence.
https://twitter.com/theFoxFisher/status/1333767272964497410
https://twitter.com/PinkNews/status/1333699561282564099
While we're on the topic, I'd like to draw attention to this:
It honestly feels like a distraction trend imo
The recent ruling in the UK banning hormone blockers for people under 16 and the recent donation of LUSH to a TERF group?
Also, doesn't it feel weirdly timed with recent events?
This looks extremely fake.

Yeah see I just opened up the account of one of the posts and
Or maybe I'm just being too hopeful.
Or any other kind of "signals" that would indicate anyone is actually trans.
I'm looking through and haven't found pronouns in bio for many of these accounts.
Awfully like a 4chan op?
Seems
Relevant meme
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/675012422024560680/783086930279661598/Commnism.mp4
It's not surprising they made decisions against the advice of medical professionals.
Considering this is the UK
So, you know
https://www.theguardian.com/business/2020/oct/30/treasury-rejects-theory-eat-out-to-help-out-caused-rise-in-covid
You're not allowed to get takeaway, otherwise you don't get the discount.
You HAVE to eat inside the restaurant.
But here's the thing:
At least, before this second lockdown.
The government gives people 50% discount to eat out.
Eat Out to Help Out was a thing.
And tbh the UK hasn't really been known for following expert advice lately.
Physical effects of hormone blockers are reversible when treatment is stopped.
It's not based on any actual medical study or anything.
It's because someone "detransitioned" and then took the clinic to court.
The UK court ruling banned it.
It's already been banned.
Lush is a bathroom products chain.
Real cool.
This is a holy shit moment.
Oh, like sponsorship from a third party.
<:MariaWhat:672245553920344080>
By setting up an entire music festival?
It's like how the storm area 51 facebook event turned out to be a marketing thing for a music festival.
Kind of
It'd be less, annoying.

Marketing ploy would be a huge disappointment.
I really should because I've seen a couple of the other Kubrick movies.
~~I can but I've still not seen it >.>~~
I'm afraid I can't do that Shemmy.
It would make no sense to us since if your chicken smells bad, you probably should be throwing it away but it was different in such cultures and times.
While not necessary now with refrigeration, cultural memory sticks around through generations.
Before refrigeration, it's theorised that the hot climate caused processes of decay faster to meat, giving it bad texture and smell.
And the thing about culture is that its memory sticks around for a really long time. Equatorial cultures still "wash" their chicken in a lime juice and salt solution.
I highly doubt some guy just decided one day to ban everyone else from eating certain food or wearing certain clothes because he didn't like it either.
If you wore clothes of two different cloths back during the old testament, I heard there was some disease you could contract.
Of course the less mystical laws and beliefs make no sense to us. We have refrigeration, anti-bacterial chemicals etc
Not only that, but societal structure also changed, as we live in capitalist societies as opposed to feudal monarchies.
The truth is that modern society has led to so much technological innovation that it'll always be difficult to make sense of traditional religious text, since we don't look at them through the same challenges and perspectives as now.
Pork may be cleaner now but back then, rearing practices were probably less clean.
A good example is a lot of (now outdated) laws of the old testament, back then I'm pretty sure if you didn't follow some of them, you'd die of disease.
I think early religion all evolved the same way, as a means of understanding the order of the world and forming community.
I was so certain that was it that day and accepted my death when the car hit me.
Often feels like I shouldn't have survived that day and it just makes me feel really weird about kind of, being around.
Had flashbacks yesterday in the middle of lecture, seeing headlights and feeling heavy impact.
Have felt like a ghost for a while.
The problem with medicalisation into mental disorder is that it places the issue on the individual.
Yeah gonna say I still have dysphoria but it's almost entirely social.
There's nuances so it can't be reduced to one thing or the other.
Obviously
Physical dysphoria still exists, but social dysphoria is pretty much entirely social.
In some ways.
But the environment that being trans can create.
Well, not exactly.
Yes.
Dysphoria is an effect of the stresses that can be specific to trans people.
It affects you mentally and emotionally but it's an effect of other issues. Gender dysphoria is more than just physical appearance, and sometimes may have nothing to do with physical directly.
What Kidz said mostly. Probably how being distressed over homophobia isn't a mental disorder either.
It doesn't bring socialism, but it builds organisation, safety and power.
Small changes to defend tenants' rights.
Personally, I've taken part in direct action against landlords over the past few weeks.
For now, we can engage in praxis.
Socialism is a difficult goal.
And I'm not a Bolshevik, so I'd rather not kill everyone.
Democracy is the only way I see left unity working, as there are so many socialist ideologies, you either compromise between them all, or kill everyone except one group.
The few centralised services would be controlled by a grassroots democracy national assembly.
Mostly.
The likes of council communism are where my interests lie.
I wouldn't say so.
I'd see a Marxist state as a transitory point in history, much like how society has always evolved into different forms throughout.
The problem with anarcho-egoism is that *everyone* has to be consciously participating it, which is why I place it at the "end of history."
I'm personally more Libertarian-Marxist leaning, but anarcho-egoism interests me greatly and to me is "the end of history."
Trade would occur within this market in a similar way, minus the money going to shareholders and franchise owners.
Profit would not go to "capitalists" in the literal meaning of the word, i.e. people who own capital.
A market socialist economy would have the production, exchange and distribution owned in a horizontal manner, so that all profits return to the employees of each organisation.
E.g. CEOs, shareholders, stock traders etc
Capitalism's main feature is the CAPITAL, in which individuals profit from ownership of production.
It includes the free market but is not the free market in of itself.
Capitalism refers to a specific structure of economy.
Raise the red and black flag
B A S E D opinions
Quite a lot of anarchist and socialist subreddits out there.
I should be sleeping rn tbh
Subreddits might have answers?
I personally felt I didn't do as much as I possibly and realistically could, that it was a case of "wouldn't" and not "couldn't."
It's more so I think people should be reflective to themselves.
I don't believe in shaming people for not being politically active, so don't get me wrong.
I like to encourage everyone to ask themselves when something is happening "what am I doing during all this?"
When it comes to politics talk, I usually try to encourage participation in action and organisation where possible.
At least, until they finally agree to get the repairs done, or whatever it is we're demanding of them.
Which means I still get sent a script to call a landlord and annoy the shit out of them.
International branches were unaffected though, such as here in the UK.
Was previously in the US, until a scandal destroyed its legitimacy.
Deals with community movements and member defences.
ACORN is a community organisation that most famously acts as a tenant's union.
Is this Maoism /s
We annoy landlord with phone calls if they do bad thing
Basically
😔
Which is a shame because, they're still running here and do good work.
I know ACORN started in the US but has since been destroyed.
Steering back on serious.
How much of a thing are unions in the US?
Even if it was a libertarian Marxist government or anarchist, the mass unrest would still occur and the deaths would arguably have been similar.
If it weren't the Bolsheviks, everyone would've died anyway.
Not only that, but they had to deal with multiple issues that mean mass death was inevitable anyway.
Russia was fucked from the start, the Bolsheviks were authoritarian by nature.
Thinking of the Xinhai revolution and the proceeding warlord states, as the revolution was spontaneous and the republic hadn't strengthened its place.
Government reform is useful in the short term but need something in place outside of it post-collapse.
Agreed with 0th tbh
And that something has to be built before the revolution.
Assuming you abolish the capitalist state, you need something in its place.
Community funds, mass organised action, unionising etc
I personally believe in direct action a lot.
Then again, I guess that would still be prosecuted. Just as trafficking.
Sex work is work but doesn't human trafficking also come under a broad definition of prostitution?
I think the distinction is what exactly prostitution is in this case.
It's not that I really *need* that other community but it does suck a little.
Only one person replied in the other server so I might as well say  I'm well and truly irrelevant there and only exist here.
Also lmfaooo the difference in replies between my couple sentences here and the whole vent I did in the server I'm talking about is so fitting.
Sure hope I don't end up falling into that here.
<:ElfneinAAAAA:671902192529047572>
Spend so long and become so embedded in a community, and then new folks join and you just end up forgotten and no longer a part of the place.
Shinto's the native faith, Zen is a Buddhism branch.
Japan's always been more Shinto and Zen as far as I know.
I don't doubt it, I just mean to say I don't know the culture well enough to say if it extends.
I'm not sure the degree to which it applies to Japan. Filial piety is mostly around China and Korea afaik
They went for one of the worst ways.
There's so many ways they could've written that arc but
Tomato thing was so poorly done.
The above. If we let the kids at the after school club I was at run loose, they'd all have died.
Dad's a mainlander. He was a piece of shit, but not because of being a mainlander.
At least, until such people realise not every single Asian person is Chinese.
Which I'm pretty sure just means "anyone who looks Asian is probably a bad tourist"
It's that "disgusting mainlander" tourist stereotype
(Tapping two fingers is how you say thanks for tea while eating, so you don't talk while eating.)
Partially an attempt to break the stereotype that selfishness is embedded in the culture.
And I do the full Cantonese tea rituals, including tapping two fingers and serving the tea as the youngest usually.
Even people generally well-cultured.
When I take people to try dim sum, most people don't even know it exists.
Doctor's sausage is fuckin DELICIOUS
And I've had Soviet food too :p
I wasn't a popular kid after that
I just said "yes."
So anyone who tried to do that joke on me
Except, I was really annoying as a kid for that, because my Zambian friend's family made me Zambian cuisine for dinner.
"Neither have they"
"Have you tried African food?"
A joke went round in school:
Oh yes, very good point.
I couldn't watch YouTube, I had to use a VPN.
Not as much as it sucks to actually live there ofc
The nation's rep has a knock on effect on the perception of the culture and that fucking sucks.
Most people I know can't name Chinese dishes beyond what their local takeout offers.
And it's a shame because being an insider, I know there's a rich ocean to be explored, it just isn't brought to the forefront because of modern geopolitics.
Nobody thinks "wow, I sure would love to go see the Nike factory!"
Or you could just become an industrial powerhouse that everyone's forced to rely on, but that's boring.
Having renowned culture sells goods.
And the only reason it really is, is probably because of market economics.
The fact that culture feels like it's in conflict is the worst thing imo
Indeed
K-pop's rise
It's sad that if you want to see Chinese culture, you have to go  to a Chinatown in your own country or Taiwan instead.
China arguably destroyed all exportable culture.
And their culture isn't as exported as Japan's is
Most of the rest of Asia just feels irrelevant to everyone because they're not marketed as modern tech countries
China would've been cool if it didn't turn into, whatever it is now
Japan was probably just really good at marketing tbh
As potentially accurate as it may be, statements of Asia as a continent risk being reductive.
It was a response to this.
Foucault threatening primary school teachers to talk about racism instead of reading skills (1980, colourised)

What the FUCK does Foucault have to do with any of it is what I was wondering.
Utopian indeed though.
I assume his stance against independence is a result of the conditions of the period.
Reading that, I get where he's coming from, with my limited knowledge of Ba'athist history.
Was it to do with his pacifism?
I've heard about that but don't know enough on the matter.
But then maybe the real solution is to utilise the ideas, not idolise the people lmao
Fuck, if Camus turns out to be a shithead too I'm so burnt.
Camus still based?
It's inexcusable but at this point, feels like an unfortunate fact of 20th century philosophers.
Heidegger was a Nazi, as was Schmitt.
Yeah, and Kant was a white supremacist.
They had good ideas though.
Derrida and Sartre too?
Holy shit
Wtf
Wait he was?
They're talking shit about my boi Foucault
\https://twitter.com/martin_eve/status/1339634292859817985/photo/1
<:citrus:655091923048071168>
Damn I ramble too much on social justice and politics lmao
I'm going on too long, I need to shower.
The lady tried to talk down to me when I got threatened to be deported.
Not when you're given shit.
But I don't think people always have to be passive.
The context of the "loud" comment was at a party or smth
Funny because I never heard such a complaint about white lads at parties.
The whole "loud and noisy black woman" stereotype and I just think no you assert yourself, you damn well have the right to.
There's black women I know who get called "loud" by some people.
I admire a lot of black women who are unapologetic tbh
*In public.*
People literally come up to me telling me openly I turn them on.
That's the problem.
People assume so anyway.
Fuck the model minority myth and yellow fever.
Not if people are gonna make unwanted advances on me.
I'm not gonna let myself be seen as passive and submitting.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geisha
Yeah I'm not even Japanese lol
Thankfully that guy left me alone or I would've knocked his night lights out.
Someone in the club took my hand and called me a geisha.
The model minority idea of submissiveness and quietness with Asians often leads to the whole yellow fever fetishisation afaik
Not as in being annoying to be an asshole.
Annoying in the sense of, demanding fair treatment at work and in social life.
~~Until the chains of every last worker is cut loose~~
Which I also reject. I'll be as damn loud and difficult as need be.
But even then, that plays into the whole "model minority" stereotype.
Step-sis has a job as a lawyer and has been living in Melbourne before they moved over.
Along with step-mum and step-sis.
Yeah dad's in AUS now.
Believing in respect and people's rights on the grounds of them being rights, as opposed to being people you like, is a lot safer and more stable.
Not saying you're a bad person or unchangeable or anything, just sort of turning it round a little.
I'm just trying to provide a different approach to it, just so it's clear.
Human rights should be respected simply on account of them being human rights. That means they should be afforded to prisoners, criminals and assholes too.
Idk what your thinking is, but from the way I'm seeing it, if that kind of thing is close to pushing you extremely to alt-right, that's pretty fragile ground.
This isn't to say whether that person is an asshole or not, just that they don't have to worry about their words potentially leading to hate crime against straight people.
People insult hetero relationships because they know in the grand scheme of things, it changes nothing.
Better move to <#407060923078017026>
Native American movements do exist
It's like asking why we don't have straight pride or straight bars
It's a response to recent events
BLM didn't just come about for the fun of it
Black lives matter doesn't imply others don't
The point is that yes, all lives do matter, but black lives are the ones that are being attacked by racist violence from police
It's like saying to a firefighter that they should hose down dry houses too instead of the burning house, because all houses matter
Because not everyone is being shot for being their race
Because the point of anarchism is that decisions that involve others are made collectively and not by a state
Then you can'f
But if other communes refuse because they don't want to build a plant
While co-operation with other unions and communes to acquire resources
In which you'd collectively organise the building of a plant
You would organise a nuclear plant union
Rad are you joking or do you want a serious answer
Nuclear plant
Anyway
Wait this is becoming general
Just told me now
She uses discord
You would build it yourself
I read the bread book and struggle against the state
Yes I do
She's on the way to being based tho
She's still too young
Nah I don't think she knows what it means
WOW FUCKING BASED LMFAOOO
"I'm an anarchist"
Time to start reading the bread book to her and teaching her to sing Mother Anarchy Loves Her Sons
I think it helps she suspects I'm LGBT in some way
I was definitely not this based
And then became a conservative nationalist
I was being a little shit at 11 years old
I only have one
Yes
She knew about George Floyd and shit
I assume she's learnt to think for herself already
Parents aren't exactly LGBT friendly so it surprised me
She's 11 and based already
My sister said she supports BLM and LGBTQ pride
It's not a bad point on its own but it's not inherent to leftists
This still doesn't justify your original thing imo
Come up with a better argument than a personal character attack
Not like I have to give up my weekends and new year cleaning up literal shit because I can't afford my masters next year if I don't
But what do I know, I'm a champagne socialist who knows nothing of manual labour
It's not like I've been kept up at night questioning if I was too late to save the patients at my job or anything
The implication that anyone who believes in communism hasn't done anything worthwhile is a shitty take
Ad  hominem
I'm waiting for the day that all the liberals who voted against the Tory government here decide to do more than wait for the ballot to turn in their favour
Which is a bs defence because I hold the same opinion but that says nothing about leftists specifically since everyone does it
And then the conversation moved onto something else and I didn't get the chance to address your defence
And I think it's pretty natural that given it's no secret there's leftists in this server, it shouldn't come as a surprise that I'm gonna assume that I'm being characterised as part of a group that doesn't know labour
When you say two things together in the same conversation then it's automatically assumed you're linking them
Yes which is why I didn't address anything after the second thing you said
Or economics, for the less auth right
Right wingers have their own bs language that only makes sense to the right as well
No one else
But only I can know that
I know I won't hit my partner
But I don't want people falling complacent into putting their lives into someone's hands
I know I'm not an abuser
So they can move out and run away from me if needed
If I get a partner, this is the exact reason I want them to get a job
And cause power asymmetry between the couple and the others
That would take a huge amount of trust
You either have to pick a fav or none of you get married
In which case
Unless you're polyam
Banning a vague concept is difficult, you can only ban the practices
But with its application
Marriage itself isn't the issue though as a concept
What if you're polyam
It'll always highly disadvantage those who can't marry for whatever reason
Marriage as it is now with all its tax breaks and other benefits
On a serious note
No, the love belongs to the collective too
Oh you thought anarchism was just economics?
Marriage should be abolished
What do people need marriage for
And idk about you but I don't like the idea of forced organ harvesting
It's arguably in the same field as the organ donation debate
But it's very much a matter of whether people should be forced to give up their body for other people's health
We question it as a matter of life of children
The way abortion is framed in debate is the issue
I went off on a tangent
So it's better other people don't take chances
Exactly what dino said
We don't see it as murder which is why it seems so ridiculous
If you try to understand it from your own set of values, it won't make sense
Yumi you have to understand it from the perspective who has those values as priority
But it's specifically the referral to the human body in a very detached and dehumanised manner
The only reason I pointed the specific message is because if I don't, it looks like I'm saying "your disagreement makes me uncomfortable"
The specific description just didn't sit well
It's not that you disagree with me
Look I didn't want to make a callout
Don't pls me
Don't you pull that bullshit on me
Dino I'm literally a medic
For something that really affects people deeply
It's an extremely casual way of describing death
I just didn't feel like doing a callout
This specifically
Most recent just 2 months ago
I've known multiple people die
Can we have a little sensitivity over how we discuss this
Having experienced many close die, it doesn't sit well with me
People's culture and beliefs and feelings around bodies are varied and too diverse
Not quite that simple
Because it means your corpse belongs to the state Matt
Good take Madoka
Lots of things are preventable deaths but require a sacrifice of someone's physical body
Whether you see it as a "preventable death" or not is not the issue
Similarly, I don't think the organs and body of people should be forced to maintain a foetus
Idk I feel like there's an impasse here
But if people are more materially than emotionally or socially driven
Because idk I'm in psychology so interpreting things through social value is natural to me
Participating in practice or belief that has no material benefit
If you can't then I won't judge you for it
I genuinely wonder if some people here can conceive of the idea of social value beyond material
That's not me trying to be sarcastic
Can people conceive of the idea of social value?
So that your wishes while living are carried out
Yes, wills exist
Not every case of a condition is either transplant or death
Not everyone requires new organs to survive
I guess my emotional reaction is to how this debate is framed
I've already decided to agree to disagree but
No rights exist
Fuck it
I'd just rather it not be seen as literal evil if you hold symbolic value over the body
Must destroy the moon
<:GENOCIDE:657729913050103871>
And while Westminster and the Brexit referendum started this process, the EU is an active participant in it
It would be the people who aren't rich enough to prepare for the ramifications that would be most hit
I assume the EU would've allowed a no deal Brexit, which would impact the working class population most with food supply
I think Brexit has made it clear that the EU and Westminster prioritise their economic interests over the wellbeing of the population
I just feel like venting
I'm in bed
If there even is a taxi on Christmas that is
I'd empty my bank account
That would be 40 miles
Coming here was a mistake
No trains
Unless I feel like potentially getting mugged and sleep under a tree in the woods for tonight
It's 1:46am
Then I wouldn't have to come to parents
I wish the war on Christmas was real
It is so much bullshit
Christmas is the loneliest fucking time of year
2 years or over just to get your first appointment.
The point is you don't call someone by something if they're not comfortable with it
<a:ZweiWing:663572847993552936>
But yeah
Nobody died
But it was one to one and with a close friend, we didn't go anywhere
I technically broke lockdown for socialising
Not just
Even during quarantine, people are literally breaking the law to socialise in person
Social media has been around for ages and the clubs were always packed
Not really
What
It's Nara!
It does leave a mark that you don't forget but you carry that through your good experiences too
Good outcomes can still occur
But
This isn't an anime
What Nasstasja represents forever spoiled AXZ for me though
Akira didn't quite get me because, maybe I didn't pay enough attention
So assuming all that goes through, I'll be giving people the COVID vaccine
Well, I've asked for the training and induction in vaccinations
Holy shit
i already applied for it
Wait
But honestly imo whether people are paid or not, people are still doing it
~~Which I was going to apply to but forgot I hope it's not too late~~
But St John Ambulance have been delivering a vaccination volunteers programme
I'm allowed to talk about this now, initially we were told to keep it under wraps and not discuss it outside the organisation
OK so I just did a quick check and
People who continued to work and volunteer in essential services
As bad as some people have acted during the pandemic, there were also people who set up mutual aid groups
I'd never want to be someone who has a lot to say about how I think things should be but does nothing to push us towards it
My personal view is to pursue ideals, community and betterment of the world anyway, even when it's such a pessimistic reality
Gonna go on a slight tangent here but
When I was working in the hospital, I worked with nurses that were relocated from other departments
Hospitals close down wards so the staff can be relocated to emergency treatment
That's also bs
No source cited and my colleagues worked in Nightingale hospitals
"Almost all of the emergency Nightingale hospitals that were built at a cost of £220million to handle overflow COVID patients were never used"
She was trespassing
Which, if it's closed
She most likely walked into one of the wards that have been closed to relocate nurses to A&E
I know because I worked in the hospital lmao
This is bs
Collectivism based on values and mutual aid beats collectivism based on ethnicity/location
It depends on what kind of collectivist community
I've experienced it with the Chinese-British community
I mean
Not necessarily always a bad thing but
So the whole "small village community" thing no longer exists in most places
Cities are becoming too big
It's natural I suppose with industrialisation
We live in a very individualist culture
Or even "what can you illegally get away with"
At least, in the kind of society we have as it is where it's more focused on "what can you legally do" not "what should you not do"
People will do what they're allowed
And sometimes even encourage it
The problem is that everyone knows the police and government won't do anything
Yes
Even I decided to break lockdown rules because I knew nothing would happen
So
COVID spiked in the UK because the government literally gave discounts for people eating in restaurants
It's a matter of "if you let people do it, they'll do it"
The whole COVID thing
Honestly
Considering it's for the sake of making laws apply universally
I don't think this is as bad as it's made out to be.
Idk if she was expecting to see patients lying in the corridor on blankets
And while we had patients in the beds, the corridors were relatively empty
And are directed by staff
Patients are required to use specific entrances based on whether they have COVID symptoms
Trespass is an offence
If I were to walk into parliament and say it's empty and politicians aren't doing any work, I'd be arrested
And of fucking course she was arrested
Just looking at the author and seeing Paul Joseph Watson instantly told me this was gonna be bs
That's probably what the woman walked into
They told me they were new to this area because they used to work in other parts of the hospital that are now closed
I don't follow American politics so I can't say how she is generally but it's a non-issue really.
It feels more like outrage news to jab at Pelosi.
So assuming it passes, I honestly don't think much will change.
Approved or not.
It doesn't change much honestly, in the grand scheme of things it's a trivial decision as it goes either way.
The bill isn't trying to ban the language in the country outright.
(At least, that's how it looks)
I wasn't gonna ping staff because I was kind of hoping that what I said wouldn't just be straight up ignored. I don't usually enjoy conflict but I'm not gonna take such abuse.
<@&336302034070536192>
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/apr/28/how-did-the-coronavirus-start-where-did-it-come-from-how-did-it-spread-humans-was-it-really-bats-pangolins-wuhan-animal-market
You talk as though you have the authoritative correct opinion a lot and honestly it's about time someone called you out for your BS.
Bear in mind such markets exist in a lot of countries too.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whbyuy2nHBg
I don't think that's any excuse to be a piece of shit lmao
Besides, that's memeing in a <#336297840529899522> channel.
Bat soup is racist rhetoric.
True but that's just a situation that shouldn't even be happening anyway, since schools *should* be closed.
Close schools lmao
I get the feeling the vaccine will at least do something to mitigate the poor leadership.
The UK's response could be a lot stronger tbh, and the thing is, the UK has the power to do something about it now.
As for the other takes, my response would be, regardless of whether China could've done more, the present reality is that it's here now and (somewhat) within our control.
Don't think I'm trying to discredit the entirety of your mistrust towards the CCP, I meant to criticise only the specific take.
I mean there's still some validity to everything else about the disappearances of whistleblowers, which is why I didn't say anything at that point.
I only have one more thing to clarify on my stance earlier, and it's that I was talking from the perspective of someone who's actually ethnically Chinese, and has grown up around seeing such rhetoric long before COVID-19 was a thing.
Alright, I took a few mins out of this channel.
TITOISM R E V I V A L
The flag tho
We're all in debt to the USA so unfortunately, we're bound.
What America does affects like, the entire world.
I wonder where I've heard those exact words before...
<:thonk:610135776000213004>
Are they also wearing sheep's clothing?
"Wolf"
I so *almost* thought you were being serious, until the second line and the clown emote.
Assuming life is meaningless and pointless then that means literally anything and everything is as valuable as you judge it to be
Building model kits and watching anime can be pretty valuable to someone
You responded "that's all?"
Take value in the day to day and commit action to belief
Taking value in the literal day to day is important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KI25easQs2k
And it's something I've been thinking about and always wanting to talk about lately because I had a load of Camus literature come in the mail
It was in response to Lectric
What
If you want to look this up further, I recommend picking up The Myth of Sisyphus by Camus
Life is still full of suffering, but continuing to live is to take control of your experience in some way and decide it's worth living through for everything there is
You begin to appreciate everything in life a lot more once you realise that everything you do is consciously choosing to live
But it's best to apply it generally to your whole personal life
So what I said can extend into political actions too
It's about doing what is possible now, and valuing that time and action now
But it's not about that because it's literally impossible to know the future
So yes, the world can be shit, and all the political activism may or may not amount to anything
It's about making sure whatever you do, literally anything, be a valued and conscious action rather than "let's just get this over with so whatever comes next can come"
But this isn't about hedonism (at least, not from my perspective)
And idk if to you all this sounds like a lot of bourgeois privilege talk
At least if you don't see it as such
Life isn't just a means to an end
When I felt suicidal, I got by through making every second a conscious decision to live
There's no objective "right way to live"
Idk I guess I just had a lot of stressful recent events that make me think about where I'm welcome
I remember being much more active than I am now
I feel as though I failed and I guess this server is partially related to that feeling
Idk I feel kind of weird using this place to vent even though a couple other people do it but
Socialist Rifle Association?
I found mine online and went to my GP to request a referral.
See if they have referral info.
Find out what services they offer.
I'd search around for a speech and language therapy (SALT) department at any accessible hospital.
I mean, voice therapy is one of those things you don't need a gender clinic for, assuming RoI uses those too.
I would've thought it's not *completely* terrible but, surprise surprise.
NI or RoI?
With the NHS I was able to ask my GP directly to book a referral for me at the speech and language department of a specific hospital I found.
<@722121666641133608> not sure how the Irish healthcare system works  but you might want to look up voice therapy.
That it's expected as though it was a natural disaster.
I think it's more so just how fucked up the normalisation is.
But I don't hard disagree with the likes of the SRA
I'm on the fence on gun rights and I don't live in the US so it's not my place to say when I have no experience with the matter
Well
Based
Good luck!
Up to you tbh
And if you get a decent voice therapist, you could explain the situation and have the training tailored accordingly.
You don't have to. In the early stages, you still have a lot of control over your voice, maybe even later.
Well
I think you have to place the quote in the context of its time tbh
Well alright it's actually a lot more complicated and nuanced and a quote like that really can't capture the complexity of how society functions.
I'd say it goes both ways since the people make up the society that does things for its people.
Isn't that quote attributed to JFK?
I'm familiar with it.
This is anarcho-egoism of some sort
I ask because I've not given up on the possibility of progression either but I don't really commit to anything without any theoretical and practical basis.
Are these just spontaneous ideas or did they come from somewhere?
Where is all this coming from?
History would disagree tbh
Praxis is good but imo the wider guiding ideology will inevitably have to make its way into part of the leadership.
Have the kimchi AI solve world hunger.
A U T O M A T E D  E C O N O M Y
There's words that are "technically accurate" but have associations that would get the wrong message across.
Ehhhh difficult to describe myself.
It's not even my ideology.
I've argued in defence of anarcho-egoism so much here lmao
Honestly, my understanding of it is still surface level until I finally get round to reading teh book on my shelf.
Not an Egoist, but it's genuinely not as simple as that.
Yeah this is some semi-niche stuff that I don't think anyone who hasn't seriously delved into anarchist theory would know of.
I have "The Ego and Its Own" on my shelf but haven't read it yet.
None of it was a serious suggestion, I just realised it's probably not good for this channel.
/s
Ah but here's the thing, have them all the same value.
Card deck, but all the cards are workers <:CommieCat:708680934785810483>
B A S E D
Psychology is the most BS science to exist, and I say that as someone studying it lmao
And even then, you'd have to consider how other things might influence it.
I guess you can't really know for certain unless you carried out a study of the gender attitudes of card game players.
First point is an easy observation, second point is ehhhhhh difficult to measure.
I think it's one thing to point out "this is subtle inequality" and another to say "to what extent does this influence society?"
The subtlety is a thing that exists, whether it's significant is another matter though.
You can be left wing but a reactionary piece of shit as well.
Politics is stress, but when you consider that there is a lot of shit going on that can be affected by people, that's the driving force.
Easier to just not answer the question and have nothing to be used against you.
You're under so much public scrutiny that if you fuck up *anything,* it'll be used against you.
OK, I opened the link and I'm pretty sure that's one of the reasons politicians avoid answering questions lmao
I mean idfk I never heard about this quote and idk the full context.
I think the context is more that focusing on minor details misses the point.
But that's fucking stupid and technically correct is inferior to what people generally agree words to mean.
And we're actually the conservatives for wanting to maintain the current view that has existed for a long time historically.
If we wanted to be really stupid about it, we could call flat Earthers progressives, because they're pushing forward a new theory of viewing the world.
Reactionary's come to mean the opposite of progressive politics today, because that's how our world ended up working out.
If conservative is to maintain traditional social values, reactionary is to roll them back.
Reactionary is a very relational term.
<:dessclown:771582238395334667>
Ancaps are practically feudalists
I mean this is just the whole confusion of where when we say "Liberal" and Americans say "liberal."
Arguably even stronger when it's in the very newspaper I would read back then lmao
Was an IRL group.
Turns out, unlearning such attitudes and assumptions takes time.
Back when I used to hang out with tankies, I was pretty much taught that anyone who doesn't like living in a "socialist" country is because they're either bourgeois or CIA.
Good luck for your future too, I hope you find yourself in a better situation.
Thanks for the info, it's given some insight.
Yeah honestly as a general rule, it's better to not get into a fight if you can avoid it tbh
At the time, I was convinced that everyone who hates Venezuela is either CIA or rich.
Damn wtf
It's much different hearing it from someone who actually lives there.
I've since left that group but, yeah.
I saw a video of Maduro online and genuinely thought "wow this guy is based"
At the time I was pretty much close to getting really brainwashed and when I saw photos of empty supermarkets my reflex was to think "that's faked by CIA"
I'm interested because I used to be part of a group IRL that, among other things, supported Chavismo.
<@340979591864909834> what's life like for you personally? If you don't mind me asking.
I'd get the vaccine even if I didn't get paid for it but yeah, and even then it's the company I work for paying me and not the government.
BS as in, this is fucking bullshit, not as in the article is fake.
I only get paid £150 for getting a vaccine.
BS
It doesn't cause people to become violent and murderers, but it's part of a larger culture.
Take CoD for example, which goes to lengths to justify US war crimes, and even rebrands them as Russian.
I don't think that's entirely the point Lank was making, but rather that shooters are often born from the culture they're in.
I would recommend looking into social constructionism.
I think we all know the impact that fiction has had on culture and perception of reality.
Reminder that 1984 is also a work of fiction.
I'm at work so I can't say much but
I'm gonna have to call BS on that one because I don't think there's anything that really suggests that to be the case.
But idk that's just me personally because I feel like I have a lot of fight in me
It'd be really fucking weird if I went stealth and everyone assumed it was just a cis person who's directing it all
E.g. if I were to decide to run a charity/NGO that's related around that kind of activism
You could say I'm exploiting for personal gain but it's not because the only person being "exploited" is myself
I have future plans that are probably a lot more influential if I'm publicly trans
And for a personal thing, I most likely wouldn't
I mean it differs for people and ultimately in the end I don't think it matters whether someone goes stealth or not
What
Which is still fine, and a lot of people do it
If you don't feel like using the label itself, that's fine, but then that would be called going stealth
By definition, trans is about your relation to your assigned sex at birth
Most people refer to hiding your trans identity as going stealth
That'd just be called going stealth then
It's just an adjective like how you would call a black woman and a white woman
But the point is there isn't a difference between how "girl" trans and cis women are
And also gets really fucky when you account for NB people
Which is often a TERF talking point
Hard disagree, because then it gets into the issue of "I'm not cis or trans, just a boy/girl"
But it's not the most common from personal experience
Ofc there are a couple trans people who feel their straightness as trans people is important to them and will talk about it
They'll probably say something like "I'm trans!" not "hey all, I have to come out about something. I'm straight!"
I don't really know many trans straight people who are known for participating in straight pride
I think you're mostly seeing the most visible of the community as well
Idk what the fuck Goblin Slayer is and know fuck all about it but I love how it causes so much discourse anytime it gets brought up
People's perspectives can change over time
Sarcastic dismissal in <#336297840529899522>? More likely than you think
Which is why we have flat Earthers
Or maybe they would
Nobody would do this with STEM
It's not that people aren't allowed to have opinions on such matters but there's something strange when people try to argue against a point they likely don't fully understand with a point that hasn't been supported with significant basis
I find there's a tendency for everyone on the internet to suddenly become armchair social scientists once anything like this gets brought up
There's literally a lot of research and exploration in social sciences of this
Like I don't really want to pull the academic card for no reason but
This is literally my university studies lmao
Fiction being just fiction is reductive
Cypher that's very reductive
My two cents would be that even if something has some problematic origins, it's not necessarily an indicator that you're never allowed to enjoy the thing again
Is all this meant to be a standalone point or a response?
But the expense, I understand.
Yeah well, that's all BS.
I really do think there's a lot that could be worked through in therapy, and if it's severe, medication if you choose to go that route.
Every time I see you in this channel, you're just listing depressive disorder symptoms.
I'm gonna be honest, I think you should see a doctor.
If you've had traditional views challenged, I'd say you have a choice now on whether you explore and understand further.
I know this is supposed to be a joke, but I actually was thinking about this while reading.
And it's one I agree with too tbh
Shemmy I think the point isn't drop everything but drop what's reasonable, while doing other things too.
Also, ngl, I don't think 0th's original point was to demean others, it was to question the lack of broad negative reception.
But I guess this is an internet discussion channel so there'll always be one-upmanship <:RutileShrug:585377602471198720>
It's important to be co-operative and working towards people's ability rather than pointing the finger.
But I'm not going to.
Because I could probably point the finger at a couple of you in here when it comes to activism.
Everyone has their level of commitment they can make to activism and I think it's important that we judge ourselves by ourselves.
I wouldn't go as far as to call it armchair activism tbf Shemmy
I'm not a genshin player but there are a lot of other things that can be done.
Honestly I get your point but boycotts are usually mass organised.
It's happening in China.
There is backlash against Genshin.
Btw
Even if the anarchist commune is a member of the confederation?
This comes from my personal experiences as part of unions and activist circles of all kinds.
One that isn't democratic centralism.
I just think some means of negotiating all the ideologies is necessary.
I still believe it could work, within a confederation.
I don't disregard anarchism.
Probably would align myself more with the likes of Rosa Luxemburg.
I'm not an ML, dw.
~~Avoiding a Kronstadt joke~~
You an anarchist?

Mostly decentralised.
I think I was 50/50 party and union.
Sorry about the insensitivity.
For context, when I did the leftvalues quiz, I answered disagree to cutting back quality of life for environmental reasons.
Maybe QOL wasn't the best term, because of what it means to people.
Again this is mostly a case of "what would I be comfortable to go to the lengths of myself" rather than "what would I want subjected on other people?"
I'm fully aware disability is a thing and that impacting the disabled worst is better avoided.
Within reason
Yeah, by a bit I meant
I'd be happy with a bit of decrease in quality of life for lifelong liberation.
A bit of a tangent there, but I felt like I should say that.
Also, I'd say Xu Xiaodong is more than just a CCP issue but also a cultural issue.
Do what you can in your own nation too.
Just don't get complacent in patting your own back is what I'd say.
But I think having some sense of will to act is always good.
I'm not gonna praise anyone for not playing Genshin or condemn anyone for playing.
And not playing Genshin doesn't mean you can't do other stuff.
Not playing Genshin is a simple act though.
Brezhnev sent tanks
Prague Spring
OK so
I'm actually still at work but it's quiet now so I've been passing the time with this lmao
Good discussion, I was mildly <a:sweatspin:609968636932915230> because I worry what I say gets misinterpreted as tankie.
They still exist here.
Yeah, I heard ACORN was fucked over.
(If you can)
Join a union!
When it comes to the public space, challenge and oppose.
I'm all for *at least* giving rehab a go where necessary.
And as for fascists themselves...
Unions that do that and draw people away from fascism.
We need unions that do that.
And fascists will tell them they can make them strong, and their lives better.
I feel like some people turn to fascism out of a need for identity and community.
If you can bring them into a community they feel committed and loyal to, they're much less likely to turn to others.
If you can win small victories for people, make practical changes in their life, they're more likely to follow you.
Honestly unionism is based as an introduction imo
I'm biased because I read a lot of theory, but I feel most praxis is led by people who know theory.
I get what y'all are saying but I wouldn't 100% dismiss theory.
Whoops
Was that a Trotskyite question?
Wait, is that what exporting the revolution meant?
Yeah ngl
I've had a friend who lived in and fought in revolution, a lot of that was what informed by turn towards Marxism.
So long as they don't try to shoot all the other members for being statists.
I have no problem allowing a self-governing anarchist commune within a confederation.
The PCE's backing from the SU and their struggle towards dominance is what fucked everyone over imo
Marxists were shot in Catalonia too (PCE against the POUM).
Catalonia was different.
*Red Alert 3 theme plays*
The eras and conditions of society change.
Having said that, historical figures are fun to discuss but I wouldn't take them extremely seriously as models of praxis.
My honest opinion is that he did what he believed was right and necessary, it just wasn't right enough or necessary at times.
Sorry if I'm talking too much but I read so fucking much theory and never get to talk about it so I'M TAKING THIS OPPORTUNITY
But I think every ideology suffers from that and it's about knowing what hard boundaries to draw.
I understand I'm being really idealist and that in an actual situation, there'll be a fine line with authoritarianism to get anything done effectively.
Having said that, I read State and Revolution and still believe it's salvageable.
I would come under "infantile disorder" for ideology lmao
The Kronstadt sailors and the Makhnovists were still based, even if not my alignment.
Take the "all power to the Soviets" and then make it actually mean something rather than being a Bolshevik propaganda tool.
Maybe more lib leaning?
I think I'll just say I'm leftcom, that's broad enough.
A lot of things would qualify me as a Leninist but I'm not really like Lenin.
Political labels are kind of eh anyway.
Used to describe most authcoms now.
Supporters of the violent suppression were known as tankies.
OK but this, what is to be done then?
Not even ancap theorists themselves.
At this point, I'm pretty sure my ideology is "I tried to read theory and pretend to understand it."
https://libcom.org/blog/anarchism-101-30082020
Even an authoritarian power usually arises from the conditions of its society.
I think every political system will suffer from the flaw of its society.
I'm pretty sure leftists (not Liberals) understand Biden isn't a leftist.
It's hard to get the energy to participate for real in organising, I missed a Zoom meeting today because of bad memory of all things.
I like that answer. I guess over the internet, it's a lot harder to see what people do beyond debate.
The reason I brought this up is because these people aren't party members, and they likely don't even draw the connection between their working conditions and the political sphere.
This is from direct experience as a minimum wage worker and union member.
It's not enough to just try to introduce theory or a politician's manifesto but cultivate the means which such population rally around.
I live and work in this economic system and what I find is that people generally understand there is a problem with it through its direct impact on their working conditions, but most people only deal with what's directly affecting them.
I mean that's exactly what I mean, the faith in parties to do the right thing isn't always efficient. The left is bigger than parties and individuals.
I may be wrong about what you actually think but the idea that there's some monolithic left that we need to influence the leaders of is an inefficient one.
If you're stuck with what the currently available parliamentary candidates and parties are then yeah, it's gonna be limited.
I have no clue what you do IRL but that does happen from what I've seen at least, from the previous general elections here.
And what you propose is a parliamentary socialist party/entryist candidate?
I meant that parties who's ends are still capitalism were inevitably going to change according to the development of capitalism, because by nature they do not aim to reach socialism as their goal.
Just to be clear, I don't 100% disregard social reform. I'm not an abstentionist.
But I think leftists could've predicted this outcome with reformist parties.
This is an argument against reformism, which I know you're gonna hard disagree on.
So yes, they do view the centre as allies, but it's more like the slightly left of centre seeing the other centre as allies and not leftists.
I'd argue that's just the nature of social democratic parties that seek to mitigate the conditions of capitalism rather than overhaul the system.
Slight disagree
For a second I thought you were leading into accelerationist BS <:heh:796600446969315328>
Which I don't think is solvable by letting the right get elected into power tbh
I'd argue the danger of the centre is more of its tendency to give way to the right.
If there's anyone to argue the point of liberalism not being leftist to, it's not her.
Reading all this, it feels like you're assuming Shemmy to not have the knowledge you do tbh
Adding to this, it's not a "Marxist outdated conspiracy" as you might suggest but rather a real phenomenon known as planned obsolescence.
People can act antithetical to their class interest, sure, but that's more so the exception.
That's just what capitalism is.
The will of capitalists is a profit incentive.
You seem to already understand why though so I won't explain it.
It's worth doing but as you said, social democracy will ultimately destroy itself as a capitalist system.
I N T E R N A L  C O N T R A D I C T I O N S  O F  C A P I T A L I S M
The way I see a social Democrat is that the reform of distribution is an end in itself. Capitalism with a human face.
See, this is the thing where I think the line that separates a democratic socialist from a social Democrat is so thin, it's extremely hard to tell both apart sometimes.
The focus on distribution over production seems to dominate mainstream politics which is why it's hard for me to get an idea of what people mean by being leftist.
To make it clear, my standpoint is that the capitalist mode of production is the key issue and that all reforms that aim to put a plaster on it won't last forever.
I'm gonna assume you mean that as in the direction reformed capitalism should be pushed.
In what way do you mean this?
Yeah that, the point is we shouldn't just accept people are gonna die anyway.
As opposed to LARPing as Jeff Bezos.
At the very least, even if you disagree with them, socialists are the ones who I've seen actually act on their beliefs and do something that improves the conditions of people's living conditions.
None of you are 1%ers who will benefit from these.
I would wager that none of you are 1%ers with the means to afford such travel.
A lot of this is redundant because once y'all log off Discord, I cannot think what exactly y'all will do to further the possibility of any of this space travel and survival.
I might even say that ultimately, a lot of this is redundant because it's not us who will head to Mars first.
Thinking we can mitigate the problems and survive is utopian.
Economic forces that are largely outside of my control.
Idfk who you are but I actually live and work in this economy where the economic forces directly affect my standard of living.
Anyway, before I drop this, I'm just gonna say some of us actually have to work and try to make ends meet because I don't just have several billion in savings sitting in the Swiss bank account that I can pull out to run to Mars when the living conditions of Earth become unbearable.
Noi that's the most bad faith refutation because you know just as well as I do that astronauts are employees of space agencies and not private individuals who have paid for the luxury of space travel.
Do their answers to socioeconomic issues all essentially boil down to social democracy?
See, I considered that, but I'm pretty sure Adam Smith would disapprove of neoliberalism as it is now lmao
Specifically around economic growth.
Or just generally anything that would sum up the argument for capitalism?
Gonna ask this again in the morning and afternoon but, does anyone know any capitalist theory books?
Although you got me thinking about r/neverbrokeabone now
Honestly, milk is such an essential that I don't think it would need advertising to the same extent that other products might.
Afaik they're more regarding the state and government than the economics of liberalism?
They're not so bad right?
I also have Hobbes and Rousseau coming in the mail for liberalism.
If they're the people who's arguments laze fair capitalists base their entire belief on, then they're who I'm looking for.
Inb4 I come out of this an ancap
Yeah, thought so.
Got Friedman and Hayek on my wishlist.
Like I imagined for people who so vehemently defend free market policies, they must have some kind of theory backing them for why it's correct.
Damn, we're really running on "fuck it let's find out and kill many in the process."
Most authors I've google searched for who address socioeconomic issues don't seem to be wrong at a glance, they just don't say anything exclusive to capitalism.
I don't have much to add because most people have said what can be said, but I hope things will be OK.
What is it with you and talking back to people lmao
Dude what the fuck is wrong with you
<:Hug:802932489764864031>
I have no stakes in this discussion so I stopped responding.
I'm just gonna throw my hands up and back off, I saw it as rude and called it out as I would anyone.
> I mean yeah, this is still under the assumption of a national education system.
I've just read about the inefficiencies of the current OFSTED inspection system, which either heavily grades schools according to bureaucratic criteria, or offloads the bureaucracy on teaching staff for a lighter inspection.
I mean yeah, this is still under the assumption of a national education system.
And Nevis, before you hit me with the sarcasm, no, this isn't anarchism.
I think most UK peeps can understand that OFSTED has its issues.
I imagine it could potentially reduce bureaucracy and increase efficiency of resource management if implemented right.
Devolution of authority within education to a more local level.
D E C E N T R A L I S E D  E D U C A T I O N
This is why SEN exists, as well as other services.
OK no yeah I get Stellar's point now
It's the idea of being trained to look at a given problem and to be able to solve it with the given tools and the appropriate method.
It's not because they expect you to do quadratic equations in your daily life.
When you learn algebra, it's about trying to train your mind to learn to solve problems with given tools.
OK I actually thought about this, and I got a legit answer.
Also, I re-read the source I was speaking from and it did turn out to be a lot more nuanced than "centralisation bad."
> No, but the specific criticisms of certain aspects of centralised education match the inefficiency issues of USSR bureaucracy.
No, but the specific criticisms of certain aspects of centralised education match the inefficiency issues of USSR bureaucracy.
I thought the existence of the USSR has definitively proven the inefficiency of centralism.
God fucking damnit, this whole centralism vs decentralism thing is BS
Idk how well it runs in Germany but the UK suffers from centralised bureaucracy issues.
Noa's from there, coup happened
Myanmar
1. The fact that I learnt to stop giving a shit
2. Not needing to give a shit about a lot of things and feeling that a lot of other women are relatable in such a sense
3. Uniquely challenging identity just by existing while doing shit
Trans non-binary
But it just almost feels like it's worse when you get let down if you have something you're hoping for
So I know giving up on any hopes and dreams isn't gonna make life any easier to manage
Because from what I see of most people, idleness/dead-end is busywork itself
As in it's near impossible to
I know you can't enjoy it
Well I mean
So I guess idleness probably isn't much better
But then there's that one song that goes "but if you don't wanna work then that becomes your job, there's a lot of overtime, there's not many days off"
Times like this I just consider not trying to get my masters degree and resigning myself to whatever job I can get after graduation
Sometimes I envy people who don't have any future plans or anything to do
It felt good to see them excited to see that trans medics exist
I was in the parade with the other medics, in my medic uniform, and there were a few young trans kids in the crowd watching us go past
I attended pride with a trans flag
You know just adding onto this
Catholic is a denomination of Christianity.
The solution isn't eliminating religious beliefs but rather the structural factors that allow such hierarchical power to develop in such a way.
Atheist states still all turned to shit.
I always say if it weren't religion, it'd be something else.
The problem imo is that religion exists within a society and culture that allows for such hierarchies to develop.
Well here's the thing
Make churches an over 18 institution?
And as long as it exists within a secular state state's regulation then it's fine.
It could never really spread without preaching.
I mean, preaching is just a natural part of religion tbh
I watched it, Neo-Leviticus Evangelical
No I'm deadly serious, this is serious chat.
No no evangelical has Angel's right?
Isn't evangelical that mecha anime <:RutileThink:748557987957833788>
I'm not Christian but I still appreciate the architecture and art that goes into cathedrals.
I mean things like historical sites, not necessarily religion as a concept.
This is about to be the most traditionalist thing I'll say but I think preservation of religion is somewhat important in a cultural sense.
Churches being untaxed and all that?
At GCSE it's a lot better yeah
It needs to be diversified.
I'd say R.E. isn't terrible.
If your argument for banning religion is that other people will disobey the society, then you must have a shitty state.
Not secular states.
Soviet Union and China to an extent.
Where the state is the new religion.
Atheist states as in, state enforced atheism.
I just think everyone needs to look at exactly what lets religion gain so much power.
It's an indicator that there's obviously some social issue related to sexism that's giving rise to the generalisation.
Putting that out there to make it clear I'm not doing a double standard here.
I'll even say that most people probably turn to fascism out of a search for a solution to their social issues and lack of community, and that addressing those concerns would reduce the issue of people becoming fascists.
It doesn't address the concerns that give rise to the generalisations in the first place.
I think we can disagree with generalisations all we want but trying to debate them through words is a futile attempt.
Dismissing structuralism without having a based alternative is, imho, anti-intellectual.
It's basic structuralist theory.
Sometimes looking at the whole is necessary.
The question is why such generalisations happen.
This isn't saying "generalisations are good." The question isn't whether such generalisations are good or not.
You're misinterpreting the message here.
The important question to ask in many of these cases is why.
People burn American flags when their country is invaded by military intervention.
People (as social groups) will respond in such a way, it's just human psychology to recognise and identify with groups.
Take people who say "men are trash" in the heat of the moment when they're calm, and their conclusions will most likely lead to some form of empowerment and support, not genocide.
And the only solution the Nazis thought to that was genocide.
You're comparing very different things because the generalisation and blame of such groups like Jews were on baseless claims of issues that had no attribute to them.
This has nothing to do with "cancel culture."
People say "men are trash" because they're angry and concerned about a lot of sexism in the structure of society.
What do you mean "does the issue matter?"
What
The ideal response to "men are trash" shouldn't be "not all men" or "yes I agree" but rather analysing the source.
A lot of generalisations towards minority groups are towards statistically insignificant issues, I would guess.
The difference with this generalisation though is what issues it stems from, in most cases.
Tumblr is such an insular community that I don't think it really matters anyway.
People don't see alternatives so any solution proposed is usually within the confines of how capitalism works
It's capitalist realism
Either way the account is dumb as shit
And a reaction to black history month isn't too far a fetch
Not everything is a TERF talking point, especially in context
Because a lot of people are so focused on what's directly in front of them
Idk I think I'm just at a pessimistic point where I feel it's really hard to get people to see the forest for all the trees
Maybe I'm just pessimistic about most people now tbh
I don't mean that sarcastically I mean that genuinely
So you're just especially based
Because a lot of the time, if you say to someone in the west that such and such social issue exists, there's a potential chance they'll dismiss it by saying "well at least we made a decent amount of progress"
It's a lot harder to point out a problem that exists when everyone believes enough is being done about it
Whereas here it can feel more covert
Just that it's probably more obvious in India due to its overtness
Sorry I should clarify, my question wasn't that perfect equality is achieved
I feel like in the west because a lot of lip service is paid it's very easy to say "we're making progress" in response to "there's issues"
Maybe it's easier to see where you are?
OK correct me if I'm 100% wrong about this but
Spend time with others too
Look at something else for a while
Don't engage with it
But I think some people really need the help to just unplug from such spaces
Hell I was for the longest time
I mean I'm not saying that anyone's a bad person for being in such places
Such people just need to be spending less time in insular communities
I'm gonna be honest and this is probably a really nuclear take from me but
What matters is when people with real power begin making generalisations.
I don't think the world changes significantly when such vents are posted.
People are still gonna be sexist, whether or not they react to the generalisation.
It's possible some people probably are. And yes, at the end of the day, I don't think this specific one does that much damage.
I actually don't disagree with that, tbh.
I think generalisations should be taken seriously so far as they mean there's clearly something wrong, and not as nuanced discussion points themselves.
Even most people who consider themselves left seem to just be social democrats and no further
Fiction is largely a form of escapism after all.
Quitting reddit was one of the best decisions.
I used to be a browser for funny memes an then they started unironically banning non-tankies.
Y'all remember r/fullcommunism, the circlejerk where the admin RPed as Kim Il Sung and would ban anyone who wasn't a tankie?
YOOO GOOD BOOK
Even if you try to pretend sociological influence doesn't exist and people are only individual agents, that doesn't stop society from functioning the way it does.
Because of us being human, we cannot live in a simple system of A to B and pure STEM.
This goes beyond cross-cultural communication. Within our own culture, there is a lot of analysis that can be done on the institution of medicine and psychiatry and it's important to place a lot of practices and values in context.
Noi I think you should back down on this one. Spats is an anthropology student while I work and study within health and social care.
So basically exploited by American private interests at the expense of the people living there?
https://www.theguardian.com/media/2003/jul/24/marketingandpr.colombia
Give me a sec.
Coke hires right-wing Colombian death squads against unions: i sleep
Coke says "be less white:" REAL SHIT
The outrage over a training video lmao
He knows Rosa Luxemburg is my waifu /s
Nah we spoke in another server relatively frequently before.
Noi's just 🤡 he knows what I mean.
Wow I wonder what political system breaks down the size of private corporations to decentralised and grassroots democratic economics <:RutileThink:748557987957833788>
Call me a tankie but honestly, the thing about a non-profit driven state would smooth things along when there's a lot more control over what we can do about things beyond "what makes the most money?"
It doesn't help that the US turns to profit-driven motives for solutions to severe issues such as crime.
But like I said, this isn't a matter of individual parts being broken but rather how the whole interacts.
I know it's unpaid.
Yes
Afaik prisons become insular environments where outside contact is limited and the main thing with crime imo is the lack of membership to the community and society.
Honestly, I prefer community service over prison labour.
The US prison system isn't just broken because of the labour, it's the system as a whole and how everything interconnected.
Although it does happen domestically I suppose, though personal debt.
In comparison to Western Europe though, developing nations offer the opportunity of promising loans to those nations.
It's not exclusive to gender.
"Essentialism is the view that every entity has a set of attributes that are necessary to its identity and function."
No, it's more to do with trying to explain how things work.
Simplifying complex concepts by reducing them down to biology.
Not trying to be a dick but when coming into <#336297840529899522>, it's reasonable to assume that there's a chance you'll have a statement challenged or disagreed with.
There is a lot that cannot be so easily quantified and is why qualitative research exists to find phenomenological data.
> Good science is to focus on the individual choice as we fundamentally don't understand it fully and ensuring everyone's happy is the best result, regardless if it disagrees with physical assessment

I get the feeling this is a key point that gets missed by a lot of people when it comes to how we interpret and react to data from STEM.
But I haven't read the literature on my shelf yet, so I'm just gonna say I picked up a book called The Gendered Brain which seems to have some interesting neuroscience on the topic.
Every time I see discussions like this I'm just thinking "please wait be patient I just need to finish this 1000 page book I've got and then I'll have an opinion to add"
I addressed that in my response.
In response to the social factors which influence depression, community-based approaches have been developed and studied. Hegerl et al. (2013) studied the application of the “Nuremberg Alliance against Depression” which was a community-based program that worked with the general public through awareness campaigns and training sessions for teachers, police, journalists, and other important community facilitators. The programme significantly decreased suicidal acts by 24% compared to a control region and the baseline year (Hegerl et al., 2013).
An approach to treatment for MDD that focuses on an accepting attitude and the present moment is the person-centred approach (PCA) (Rogers, 1959). Derived from humanistic psychological therapies (Drewit et al., 2018), the PCA views individuals as having an actualising tendency and that they will strive to achieve personal fulfilment (Rogers, 1979). Individuals face incongruence between how they see themselves and how their ideal selves are, causing them to be in a state of incongruence which leads to poor wellbeing (Rogers, 1959). The therapist fulfils the role of facilitating a psychological environment for the client to develop and achieve self-actualisation (Rogers, 1979). This psychological environment is facilitated through the core conditions of the PCA, with the therapist expressing unconditional positive regard and empathy towards the client (Rogers, 1959).
Studies have been conducted to research the effectiveness of PCA in the treatment of depression. Gibbard and Hanley (2008) conducted a five-year evaluation into the effectiveness of person-centred counselling in primary care, with the findings indicating that the PCA is effective for common mental health problems, including depression. Goldman et al. (2016) explored the perspectives of clients who were treated with Counselling for Depression (CfD), a form of counselling that was developed from the PCA. Clients in CfD had positive perceptions of the treatment, believing the model to be helpful and that they felt understood by their counsellors and were working in a safe, therapeutic relationship (Goldman et al., 2016).
Other treatment approaches towards MDD include psychotherapeutic and counselling approaches. These forms of treatment are varied, based on different psychological theories, and have various studies that examine each of them. Psychotherapeutic treatment may be provided as a standalone treatment, or in combination with pharmacological treatments (Kupfer et al., 2012).
A study by Fonseca et al. (2018) researched the correlation between psychological flexibility and depression symptoms to examine the effect of psychological flexibility as a buffer against major life events. The correlational analysis of the study demonstrated a negative correlation between psychological flexibility and depression symptoms (Fonseca et al., 2018). The study concluded that psychological flexibility helps with being in the present and adopting an accepting attitude towards self-experiences, which helps protect against the negative impact of major life events (Fonseca et al., 2018).
Studies have examined the effectiveness of SSRIs in the treatment of MDD. Clevenger et al. (2018) conducted a review to compare the efficacy of SSRIs with other treatments and concluded that SSRIs had similar effectiveness in reducing relapses to other antidepressants and reduced the risk of relapse in adults when combined with psychotherapy. Another review by Jakubovski et al. (2016) provided evidence that higher doses of SSRIs are slightly more effective in treating MDD, up to an equivalent of 250mg of imipramine or 50mg of fluoxetine. SSRIs can reduce the risk of suicide attempts in adults, including in combination with non-SSRI medications (Kupfer et al., 2012). 
However, pharmacological treatments have their disadvantages. The use of SSRIs has been debated due to its potentially harmful side effects, including suicidal thoughts and behaviour, demonstrated in studies of adolescents with MDD (Kupfer et al., 2012). While higher doses of SSRI correlate with increased efficacy, it also reduces tolerability, leading to an increased likelihood of side effects and the need to drop out of SSRI treatment (Jakubovski et al., 2016).
Yes, but then you're acknowledging that it isn't just purely the chemical imbalance.
A mental disorder that's influenced by various biological and environmental factors?
Yeah, kind of like that?
I'd assume an essentialist view of depression for example, would be explaining it alone as chemical imbalances in the brain.
My bad then.
<:heh:796600446969315328>
Did you?
Given that people are already giving up on staying indoors while lockdown is still going on, I don't see this happening.
It's just not very logical reasoning.
It is but people have to return to work and other stuff.
Unless you have a health and social care career <:KirikaDab:757011993814237327>
Maybe not immediately, maybe not in a linear progress kind of way, but eventually.
Just have to stay strong and pull through, and then we'll be back to doing what we used to.
But I wouldn't be surprised at anyone feeling bad with how much we used to do is now restricted.
The pessimism too. I would stay to still hold out hope for things gradually returning to normal, especially with the vaccine being rolled out.
So unless crimes are on the table, you're not doing anything wrong and this is a natural reaction to the world drastically changing.
The way I had to get round it was to literally *break the law* by ignoring lockdown.
I don't think you are, I think it really is just that circumstances rn are outside our control.
It's true that organising IRL activities now is not the right move, but it still sucks.
Maybe there's just a miscommunication issue going on in the channel, because it feels as if people are hearing something different from you to what I am.
I think this is just the normal reaction for a lot of people to lockdown.
I don't think it's unusual for you, Lectric.
It was booked and then COVID stopped it. Online opportunities exist, sure, but it's not the same as actually travelling there and getting hands-on experience.
I wanted to get to travel and go to Allgäu for an internship.
This isn't to say that e-sports are lesser in value, it's just different.
How would y'all propose the online solution to the lack of sports that I've been getting over lockdown? Play CS: GO?
I'm not gonna argue in favour of one or the other but we have to be able to at least recognise they're at the very least different, right?
It's kind of weird to me that some people are discrediting IRL experience as either less or no better than online experiences.
The God honest truth is that this shouldn't be a thing happening *anywhere.*
My immediate thought when seeing this was "lmao they're satirising the US"
Given our current situation and the ambitousness in the housing market, could people really afford their mortgages?
But to me, this looks like an unstable future.
I know about the stamp duty holiday so I'm fully aware of the situation as to why first buying is popular rn
Speak to me like I don't understand economics.
What are people's predictions on the housing market after this move?
https://amp.theguardian.com/money/2021/mar/02/uk-house-prices-rise-stamp-duty-holiday-covid-19-pandemic
I hope this at least makes some Americans think "hang on, those feel good stories in the news are bs"
No state solution: no nations, no borders, anarchy in the Middle East? /s
It needs serious reforms to undo the damage the KMT did to the native population.
No PRC, no RoC.
For that reason, I also reject the RoC's claim over Taiwan.
And I think understanding Taiwan in more nuance requires knowing the issues natives face.
Taiwan and PRC differs in that a lot of both sides (at least the ones people publicly know about) are ethnically Chinese.
What I meant was, yeah there is an ideological side to it as well, but I assumed the Arab-Israeli conflict was a lot due to ethnic tensions.
Hold on, so
Israel is an ethnic conflict, right?
What
And just from what I hear from native voices, I think it's important to understand Taiwan beyond a global political battleground and as a place that people actually live in and face social issues in.
Being an anti-imperialist through and through, I find that based
You can take the progressive stance in Taiwan though, a lot of progressive groups afaik support independence and indigenous self-determination.
You can't really be accused of being racist against Han Chinese if you take either PRC or RoC side.
Israel is arguably worse given that it's an ethnic conflict and not ideological.
I used to attend movie screenings of indigenous documentaries and it's clear there's a lot of colonialism still ongoing with Taiwan.
The same thing occurs with Han with the indigenous in Taiwan.
There's definitely a power imbalance between China and Taiwan and people who recognise that react to it in different ways, based on what info they have access to and the values of their society.
The thing about China, Taiwan and natives is a matter of power relations imo
World's not what it used to be and there's a lot of artistic interest in a lot of things.
As in, languages now.
I don't think it'll die *that* easily.
I don't think it should be preserved for preservation's sake but rather it should be a realistic choice to society.
Every language isn't what it used to be.
I mean, English isn't what it used to be.
Same with Welsh.
Cornish went through less ethically great ways afaik
I think the main issue is how it's often choiceless, either through lack of accessibility or through forcible repression.
Then is it really so bad?
As in, non-English languages are still taught and spoken and they only die out because people consciously choose to use them less
I mean like, if it happens naturally and if people are given sufficient choice
But with the way things are going, it feels like English is going to become genuinely the world language but I'm not sure if that's actually as completely bad.
Having a multitude of languages adds cultural value to humanity imo
It was more of a slight tangent than a thing about the gender neutrality.
We have so much understanding on how grammar works and how language develops that we should be able to preserve a lot of language without knowing the entire vocab word for word.
I'm not a linguist but shouldn't we be at the point where literally any language can be preserved now?
It'd just take more than language to change the culture in such a way.
Not on our own, but each individual doing a thing makes up the whole.
Still, I believe as individuals we still have influences on culture.
It would take quite a lot of cultural factors to come into play, not just language itself.
I used to be highly in favour of preserving language but that's starting to become less of a priority as I turn more internationalist.
You can be sure of the route being ethical.
I mean in the end, as long as people are given realistic choice, then it doesn't matter the outcome.
And that's why "silence, brand"
It was a genius marketing move
ok literature student
I'm in a VC with someone rn and this has been discussed multiple times so much over the past year that I know when to quit so
It's literally impossible to get 7 billion sample size
That's not an argument
But the study I'm referencing I'm sure existed
The article is dumb as hell
Which my opinion is an OK age gap
The original thing brought up was the 18/17
Ah whatever I'm not really invested enough in this for the time being
And then people who could solve the castle riddle found the tumour riddle easier
And then one group was given a narrative about a castle that has four bridges, but if they attack along one bridge the army will be destroyed
This one specifically
https://www.brit.co/creativity-riddle/
If anyone has more will to try and find it though, it's about a participant group that was given a riddle
So everyone will just have to take my word for it that I'm in good faith
But also cognitive and neuropsychology was last year and it'd be a pain for me to dig up the study again
I'm not just pulling this out my ass to be clear
This is a legit thing in cognitive psychology in that presenting metaphor through narrative can influence the way someone approaches a problem
Would you agree that it most likely would've helped me perceive things a certain way?
If I told you I read Animal Farm and enjoyed it what would you assume some of my political beliefs to be
And so can sometimes influence the perspective of a person
Fiction is sometimes used to communicate across ideas
Well I mean I still find that reductive
Seeing someone alive in the kinds of states you would in surgery isn't really something that would be natural to most people
Otherwise I'm pretty sure surgeons would never get anything done
And not get sickened by it
Sometimes people can just handle something while also acknowledging it's bad
It would be grounds for suspicion if someone can stomach it but
You know despite what I said I mildly disagree on that
But there's just this sense that specific people live in an entirely different reality to the rest of society
Not that other communities are better, I've been in some reactionary cesspits
Ever since associating with the anime community through here back in April I've been seeing shit that I cannot say I've really seen anywhere else
Not everything is the fault of "SJWs"
This isn't a case of cancel culture or the SJWs going too far, I would think most people would find it weird
Honestly anyone who I really want to speak to and enjoy talking to I already do so in DMs and other servers from here so it's not that much of an effect on my life but whenever I see discussions like this, it makes me wonder if everyone's just in a completely different reality
I'm sure if you said to someone (sexual assault) ||"I like this anime about this guy who gets raped and then rapes and tortures women in revenge"|| they would look at you weirdly
Like sure maybe it's not great to draw assumptions straight off the bat but
Ngl I would quietly judge someone as well if I knew they enjoyed it
I just looked at a summary of the anime by someone who's seen it and
I'm watching a stream
I said I can't be arsed lol
I don't think you should be judging so much given I have doubts over your educational background regarding psychology and that you haven't even gotten the full context
The study just had this riddle
Solo this isn't even the study
That's the spirit
I wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't actually 3%
The article is clickbaity anyway
Ask a cancer doctor
But like I said
That's actually fair Noi
<:heh:796600446969315328>
ok literature student
Idfk ask a cancer doctor
Not us
Iski probably meant the context is adequate for the people involved
It's illegal to murder women so passing a law like that doesn't change the legality of it
The problem with this is how it's a cultural issue mostly
Maybe I'm just too ACAB
I read it as cop violence
Funny that it seems everyone first noticed this as male violence against women (which it still is, just wasn't what first jumped out to me)
A woman was killed by a male police officer and that's the point of discussion
It feels more like an attempt to divert from the actual issue at hand
Given which papers are reporting on this
Yeah sorry I just lost it for a bit, was trying not to because I don't want to make this job any harder
I was about to say "isn't that the black death?"
S p e e d
400 miles would be a weird 4 min walk <:YumiStare:688429724065988721>
So I just don't
Some I know are Catholics and idk how to ever appraoch it
But I meant holy texts are human writings and they can't be considered entirely divorced from human psychology and culture
I can't nuance so well unfortunately
I'm cooking
Extremism is easier understood in the context of psychology tbh
The PRC is an atheist state in that it enforces atheism relatively
Fair
You're talking to one now
<:YumiStare:688429724065988721>
PRC is an atheist state
Yes but I meant Twitter is gonna be twitter
If you're using twitter for that then I'm so sorry for you <:heh:796600446969315328>
Besides Twitter isn't the best place for pushing political change
The tweet is bad but Iski's point has something to it, considered on its own
Which Milgram's experiment debunked
That was the assumption afaik that Germans are just naturally more obedient and so Nazis rose
To assume that some people are just assholes is reductive and harmful because it implies that they're just gonna be like that and there's nothing to do about it
Not every individual action is divorced from everything else
Yes but Iski has a standalone point
Not being male itself
The culture is what Iski's talking about

6 months
Give me a sec
Something like 20 mins
If out of cold storage
The storage for vaccines is incredibly short
It's hard to tell if they even follow any particular standard or if they're just told "yeah just wing it and decide for yourself"
You could be rejected based on what you chose to wear on the day of your appointment, depending on the clinician.
It's very subjective.
Can confirm Noi's statement, a lot of "original" AFA logos are in German.
You could easily do that if needed.
Like having an off day or whatever.
From personal experience, most people won't notice a lot of the time and will assume it's something else.
Free speech
<:RutileThink:748557987957833788>
I wonder where all those freeze peach advocates have ran off to.
This is a direct attack on the right to assembly.
This is a definitive step towards authoritarianism, more than just a regulation on goods.
The new policing bill is very different to licensing laws regarding purchasing and selling of goods and services.
Just Noi being Noi as usual <:heh:796600446969315328>
Anti-lockdown is massively motivated by conspiracy thinking, against a temporary measure.
Whenever I see people say "protests" it's not always immediately obvious to me which protests they mean.
I fucking hate that anti-lockdown folks are going on at the same time as everything else.
Quitting Reddit was the best decision I've made.
As I always said
Oh wait, that's in the thread.
Political organisations aren't legally allowed to be registered charities.
Already filed a complaint.
Yeah I feel this, and it kind of makes clothing choices difficult when you're trying to go for a specific kind of expression.
Good meme tho
Probably more <#407060923078017026>?
This all seems overcomplicated to me, I don't think anyone here has a problem with the ships. People just want to confirm that you don't hate gay men.
My two cents on this is that I'm just getting the feeling that everyone's using the same words but meaning different things to each other.
Is there a language barrier here? Sexual harassment just means anything where someone is unconsensually engaging in sexual behaviour towards someone.
This reminds me when I saw a brony drawing of Zhuge Liang as a pony 💀
(Well I guess Maria is but that's besides the point)
You're fine, it'd be more weird if you wrote the story as though they were stereotypically European instead.
You're writing a story with Japanese characters, created by a Japanese anime franchise, set in a Japanese setting.
I don't think that phrase applies here, given that it's the setting and characters made by Japanese anime writers.
I mean tbf it makes sense for those characters
The way it's worded, I highly doubt anyone was gonna get harmed or killed, it's not quite a "hostage situation" in the way that most people think.
I'm not sure if that's a battle I would've picked but
In the context of Tsubasa, it's fitting and not a misrepresentation.
I think it's all about context
If we all chip in, it'll add up.
In general too, figured more people would see it.
There's a lot more context to this that was discussed in-depth a while back.
I think a lot of people like problematic content while still acknowledging that it has its issues. It's not that unusual.
Nothing to do except ignore it in that case
It's not necessarily about what people are doing but rather about whether there's consent between people doing it
Those are still cases of sexual harassment in the west IF the other person doesn't consent
All those assume you're doing it to someone who doesn't consent
It sounds more like you're describing sexual indecency according to Indonesian culture, which means something that's seen as bad, consensual or not
Sexual harassment means any sexual act that's not consented to
Those wider things exist regardless of what you consume the media for
I can't collect Nazi memorabilia and just say "hey I just like history lol" because those symbols actually mean something if anyone understands even a bit of basic sociolinguistics
Stuff like that itself is always just gonna be questionable so long as it exists within a certain societal context
Age isn't the only issue
And as for everyone else, we all know incels exist
You and I know that a lot of the kinds of people who might want to read such manga aren't always going to be
Cocoa you assume people are rational
I repeat this a lot but I don't think people listen or even understand what the fuck I'm on about
Not as an isolated material
You have to look at shit in its wider discourse
And I don't think a defence of "I have creative rights" would work
If I made a film about how great it would be if we all lived under a pure racial nationstate that's pretty fucked up
To show that it's the ideal
That's kind of how romanticisation works though
Romanticising is specifically to portray a certain thing as encouraged and positive
But that's not exactly romanticisation
Significantly explains things
OK that
The only time I ever enjoyed romanticisations of fucked up shit was precisely because it romanticised it as good and I got validation that what I want is actually not a bad thing and I should go for it
I don't understand enjoying romanticisations
~~I still consider it from time to time~~
And then I was a civic nationalist too and was so certain I'd be enlisting in the army
I was pretty chauvinistic as a teen
I'm not gonna list anything I did specifically because I don't like talking about it but
I mean
One thing that I always find important is that it's more productive to educate yourself and learn through new experiences than to beat yourself up over old ones
And being self-aware of that is already a step ahead of some people tbf, given that there's people in western society that still stigmatise minorities
You're in a country and culture where positive representations and information is (I assume) hard to come by
Like I can understand your position
Knowing that people are gonna be against you and assume negative shit about you for no reason other than your identity is exhausting
And as for me it just makes everything I do so much harder, I'm a health and social care professional (care home, hospital and emergency response) and it's always been in the back of my mind thinking "I'm saving this person's life now but they would probably hate me if I'm not in uniform"
Given that most friends I have who are also trans just want to have rights to live freely
And when you're someone from that group being stigmatised unfairly it really fucking sucks
There's a lot of rhetoric going round about stigmatising trans people as sex offenders or whatever
I'm not a gay man but I am trans, so using that
And if we're turning it round
It's the fact that they commit abuse
It's not the sexuality or whatever that makes someone an abuser
I just think people should acknowledge the fact that there's a recognised social phenomenon where "language" is influenced by and constructs social reality around us
I've learnt to agree to disagree with people on that
I'm not even arguing on the side of morality here anymore
Idk what's so hard to understand about this
Nothing exists in a self-contained fiction
That's probably because you haven't looked into it deep enough
Everything can be analysed *regardless of what the artist wants*
Let's reword what you said
Does GoT glorify incest
You can analyse the way it positions its subjects
If you really want my real answer
I'm drawing this from the way people talk about it
Nagatoro has its protagonist as an abuser right?
OK let me make a couple assumptions
Idk because I'm not a fucking weeb who knows what Nagatoro is
You can analyse how it positions groups and individuals
You can analyse what the book says beyond its self-contained plot
But 1984 as a text can be analysed for its positioning in wider discourse
Oceania doesn't exist as a nation
Airstrip One doesn't exist
It's a fictional novel
I'll bring up 1984 as an example again
Because it's starting to feel like I'm talking to Flat Earthers
I just wish people would acknowledge that wider discourse is a real thing that exists
At this point I'm not even sure I give a shit about whether I think such material should be banned or not
And I'm getting a bit tired of having to repeat it multiple times anytime this conversation gets brought up
Like there's literally a science to this
It does because everyone's point seems to be "I personally like it for not those reasons so it can't possibly play any role to anyone else in society"
Just saying that it's important to recognise that the media exists as part of a wider discourse beyond what we think it means
I'm not personally attacking anyone for disliking any particular media
Again I think you all forget nothing exists outside of society, we don't each live in a bubble where everything we see only exists to us and no one else
But rather understanding the wider discourse that the media exists as part of
It's not about any one individual's intent behind why they consume the media
Fenny you keep ignoring my point
It's true though
Regardless of what the person wants to do with it
But that those things are gonna mean something
My point isn't the person's intent
Idk if you're aware that a whole society exists outside your own personal experience
You're all thinking extremely individualistically
It took looking at memes about NFTs to finally understand what they are, somewhat
It's not purely exclusive to STEM
I think we all take for granted that when we talk about a thing we know about with other people who also know, that other people won't know what the fuck is going on
I genuinely do want and try to respect the space here given that I don't run it and I'm not the one who has to deal with anything that happens
I'll save you some time and tell you a lot of it is me being a smug bastard but I hope I didn't do it too much
There's a lot of BS jobs out there
Also depends on what degree you get
I think Digi was being tongue in cheek
Or pay you to agree with them
And you need a degree to influence society at the higher level as an intellectual because then the people that make decisions are more likely to listen to you
You don't need a degree to be smart but in most cases someone with a degree in something specific probably knows that subject area
I'm genuinely trying it's just hard to explain when my starting point is "discard everything you know about how to see the world and adopt this view instead so you can understand the academic language"
If there's one thing we can agree on lmfao
This is probably how STEM people feel trying to explain to me how blockchains or NFTs or whatever the fuck work
I just don't know how to "translate" everything I want to say from the jargon I learnt it as
I'm not trying to be on a high horse over everyone else, even if it seems like it
Yeah, I'm just frustrated that shared language is difficult
People would go insane trying to program every single piece of software required to make their computer, phone and whatever function
That's why we have multiple scientists working on multiple journals to do it
<:CinnaShrug:614728987435991050>
I got what I needed with graduation around the corner so I'm getting my cake anyway and it's up to others if they want a piece
Well not my problem tbh
And if people don't want to use those scientific tools available then
The only thing we can do is try to come up with ways of analysing that interaction and influence to understand how it works
My point is (at that last bit) is that ultimately people are gonna be influenced regardless of what happens in this single conversation in this channel
So whether I convince people or not here doesn't even matter because there's higher sociological powers at work anyway
No matter how much we were to argue about that, the economy is still gonna fuck shit up regardless
Because it's like saying "I don't believe in money, I just believe in happiness"
That kind of feels like this whole conversation is a moot point
And honestly when Cocoa puts it that way
And it's gonna be a scientific theory no matter how many weebs on the internet try to go "no lol" to it
A lot of reality is more than just what's materially existing but also shaped by how people interact with the world
^That tbh
Hello based department
Put so elegantly as would be expected of Shemmy
In practice this was a unified state alongside tributary states (such as Korea)
The idea is that the emperor is the central power of the world
Divine right
In China they call it 天下
Idk what they'd call it in Japan but
Climate change can only be ended by destroying capitalism comrade
But the first time I heard someone say tofu sucks, it was to own the libs
I know not everyone's like this, some people just don't like certain food
It's just food, maybe it's not the tofu maybe you're just fussy and a bad chef
The first time I found out white people think tofu is a vegan thing made me wonder what the fuck is wrong with people
This weird trend of assuming anything without meat is only for vegans is stupid
"I won't eat a vegetarian dish" mate it's just a fucking salad, does lettuce scare you
And the only reason I can think of why someone would be absolutely opposed to no meat for every meal is if they've got the taste buds of a child
I think we already consume more protein than we're supposed to
Cutting down consumption is probably still good for a lot of people
Called it
Lmfao
Manifest destiny?
The divine right of the invisible hand of the free market
Now America has the divine right to bomb third world countries
While people might look at me (including Chinese people) and just think I'm Chinese, at a point in history I would've been considered an outsider barbarian
China wasn't always as homogenous as people might see it as and to have claim to rule, 天下 was useful
Plus it was kind of the justification for central rule of the unified state
So it doesn't look like I brought it up for no reason in symphogear discussion
Yeah just giving context
Which a take that lacks the understanding of what Fudou really represents in Japanese imperialism
I brought it up in counter to people's claim that Fudou just wanted to defend Japan as a nation
It would be weird for me to spend a passionate amount of energy denouncing Fudou only to turn around and say "but MY imperialism is good"
Lmfao
I think war over fishing is preferably avoided though
I just know I can eat a dish without meat because I'm not afraid of veggies or tofu
I don't count protein
Who the fuck knows what they call their channel now they changed the name so many times
Test Tube News
I just saw it on one of them videos a while back
I'm not a nutritionist
That leaves us with practicality, and even then, the death penalty is impractical
That's pretty animalistic
Even if state mandated
And if we're killing for revenge
They're supposed to regulate us so we don't turn into animals
Laws aren't supposed to be guided by emotion
That goes against the purpose of the law to control our human nature
If we're arguing for the death penalty so we can feel like some concept of "justice" was carried out, we're appealing to human nature
Yes
It's merely to satisfy an emotional sense of justice
Thinking of retribution has no practical benefit
If done humanely
At least labour is unlikely to permanently fuck someone up
Whether it's death or solitary
The problem with permanent sentences is that they cannot be reversed in any mistake
I'd argue it's straight up dangerous to concentrate so much power in the hands of the state
Read Reflections on the Guillotine by Albert Camus
So I'm gonna be lazy and say
But that requires me opening my book
There's good arguments against the death penalty
Considering solitary confinement can really fuck someone up that they're not even the same person that went in
I'm not sure that could be considered humane
Yeah exactly
I will always take issue with retribution as the main reason
The death penalty always seems to be a retribution thing
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://libcom.org/files/Reflections%2520on%2520the%2520Guillotine.pdf&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwjS8472qLfwAhWTUBUIHebNB1QQFjAKegQICBAB&usg=AOvVaw22xRpSP1tWngb7jRKxGsls
For anyone who wants to read further on anti-death
I still highly recommend Reflections on the Guillotine
Agree with Lank
How do you define irredeemable
Yeah, she's trans and is Maddy.
Right, you meant nation-states.
Given how things are now the answer is most definitely no.
I used to be part of a Palestinian solidarity organisation and, ngl, to this day I still don't know if we did anything truly significant.
I mean is there even any really way to?
The idea of ethnic homelands is very cultural and grounded in social construct but the fact that it matters to enough people makes it real difficult.
Resettlement being a necessary evil to you, Carolnein?
You did take it literally tho
If you are then that's a pretty weak move.
Idk if you're intentionally missing my point and taking it literally intentionally
Solo you're missing my point
If anyone told me that Britain eats babies I'd be like "yeah they probably do."
It's a weird hill to die on if you don't trust the Israeli government, yet somehow believe that they must be innocent of war crimes?
Look in the replies of a state official's tweets and it'll be filled with callouts against China.
If nobody believed China was bad, nobody would feel the need to so vehemently defend them.
It's so widely condemned that tankies jump on the train of having to defend everything China does.
That was widely condemned?
???
Yeah tbh that's fair. All discourse aside, I still hope that everyone within the area will be able to stay safe.
I'm just lurking at this point lmao
I don't appreciate being insulted but I'm gonna back out because I'd rather not cause more trouble than is necessary.
I guess we'll just have to see what happens and hope for the best at this point
It'd probably divert attention from the main issue here too much
I could give an answer to that but
Britain had a similar case with the troubles in NI. The IRA weren't justified in their bombings but there were civilian deaths of the Irish too.
I'm tired of the discourse, I just don't want hostile assumptions about people's sensitive personal history.
A friend of my community was killed in an airstrike. Let's not make personal assumptions.
I don't think anyone's against stopping Hamas, just that there has to be a significant improvement for Palestinians for any long-term thing.
Again, friend and airstrike.
Maybe I'm just extremely pessimistic but given the authorities in power on either side and how far the conflict has already come, I think the "better" solution had already passed. I checked a timeline of the recent events and this seemed to have occurred from a localised conflict in a village.
I've been reading this chat as it went along and looking at a couple articles, I want to provide a genuine (even if not very satisfying or achievable) answer to "what solution do you have?"
I have to agree, I can't imagine Netanyahu or Hamas really coming to a diplomatic resolution as they are now.
From what I've looked into (and the discussion that went on here), it doesn't feel like it'll be something that'll ever end without a dramatic change in leadership.
Hope for some de-escalation and a miracle that causes change in leadership on either or both sides?
Genuine question, so what's next?
Probably rare to find any centre-ish ideology that has any consistent values
Most centrist politics is opportunism
I'm sorry but they'll have to be introduced to the wall 😔
Same thing
Your neighbours are libs?
But it's not what most people mean when they say liberal
I mean, capital L Liberalism kind of is that
You'll get a pretty much basic idea of what it is but obviously when it comes to things like economics, that would have a whole level of deep theory and shit that I just cannot answer because I'm not an economist
It answers a lot of the common criticisms towards Marxism
I would start there
Why Marx Was Right is imo a good 101 to Marxism, if you don't mind reading
Boiling down socialism to have started and ended with the USSR is a false equivalence
In terms of socialist values in non-socialist countries, the history of the labour movement and its achievements
Rojava to some extent afaik
As for somewhat successful socialist/socialist-like economies that exist, I know of the Zapatistas
It's contemporary and not overly complicated or dry
Why Marx Was Right is pretty good
Reading theory and through small-scale practical applications
And even then, some are still hierarchal in how they work
As in, among most socialist theories
The only thing that's common to socialism is a focus on collective rather than hierarchal ownership and organisation of the economy
This is gonna sound like a non answer but that's a complicated question that doesn't have a single answer
So the Marxist labour theory of value
It didn't hurt ofc or anything but it's just the attitude of being treated like a dog
One time I got lightly slapped with gloves because I couldn't hear what a coworker was saying while I was focused on a task
Who just said the same thing and did the same thing as I said to do
And then she dismissively ignored me and took it to the supervisor anyway
Such as when there's a mistake in finance recording, and I use basic maths to find out who fucked up, why and how to fix it
I've had colleagues dismiss me when I explained issues
Or just generally act with that kind of attitude
When they talk down to you
It feels as though it's normal to be patronised by colleagues
Ever since last night at the casino I've been noticing everything wrong about my current workplace
I realised how fucking terrible my work environment is
One of these days I'd probably snap if I worked here any longer
Honestly everyone just take care and be careful where you work and who you work with
Aye
Go for jobs where they treat you with your value
I no longer have to deal with this place
Honestly I'm glad I'm quitting next Friday
Thank god?
Or when I worked very hard one day only for a colleague to go "I did a lot too you know, it's just you did all the outdoors tasks"
Genuine question, do you know much about how some other countries handled it? The UK for example?
What?
With many measures that each player could commit to
We're talking about something that happened over the course of 2 years or more so far
We're not talking about gangs in this case, and we're not talking about a shooting in which everyone dies regardless of how they choose to respond
That's a bad analogy
That is unless I want people to continue to vote tory and for myself to live in a shithole island
I'm not gonna go out there and tell people it was the CCP when it's the tory government that's actively responsible for the response to the virus once it got here
However it started, other countries could respond to it in whatever way
Talk about the CCP now with regard to COVID feels a little scapegoating and whataboutism
I certainly have before
There's also the fact that everyone who does watch it who agrees can spread the info
Although maybe there are people who are either on the fence or whatever who would need it
Just a shame those same conspiracy theorists wouldn't listen to reason
Pretty much got sucked in and lost a lot of his life to it
I think it was my uncle or my mum's cousin who ended up getting into that shit
Seconding all the Falun Gong stuff
That's plausible enough for a state that would try to prevent panic
I don't live in the PRC so it's hard for me to care very much
I live in "the rest of the world"
Because they didn't
I just think it's naive to believe the rest of the world dealt with it better or would've dealt with it better
And then we had a second wave, precisely because of the government's actions
And then we had an "eat out to help out" scheme
And when we did, we opened lockdown early
Right, and we didn't have confirmed cases until later on in the UK
Yeah tbh Shining Path aren't exactly the noble resistance
@everyone PSA for brits

So on the 23rd, in the UK, all medical data will be made available to private companies. We have til then to opt out.

How to opt out:
https://medconfidential.org/how-to-opt-out/

Why it's a big deal (in case it's needed):
Cw - Tories, genitals mention.
https://amp.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2021/jun/04/tories-nhs-data-grab-pandemic?fbclid=IwAR3xFyhZUKIqzlfHxcfQBvvXR3GRUi0SQeWdHo6hVXkfCEl4D1OiIYSnV-Q
Yeah that's fair
But it did help me work out what I enjoy most and want to do
I've had a lot of shit that I did for a couple weeks and then dropped
Even if they don't get very far
Whatever opportunities are available, just take them if you can
I get that it's difficult with the pandemic going on
And this was while doing it for free, it was volunteer work
But the thing is I had my passion into it
What I've done before has been complex and hard work
Volunteer work or whatever else
Idk how it works in the US or other countries but I can't really think of anything except try to get different experiences
That's not something that everyone has to draw from, but it helps to have personal motivations
And my experiences with that were what motivated me towards my career path
I've had a difficult life and know people who have, and have had worse
Finding what you want to do is a matter of knowing your own interests and hobbies and experiences
But also the inverse applies I guess
Because if you go for something that you do need a degree for and you don't have one, then you're fucked
But it's important to really know whether it's needed
And I probably won't get that PhD, or if I do it'll be late in life
My original (and still ambitious) career goal is in clinical psychology which requires a PhD
If you know what you want to do and how to get into it then you should be fine
Knowing that I want to work in mental health, I went to uni and will hopefully be doing my masters next year
But if you want to get into something that is highly regulated and licensed then good luck trying without a degree
If you're not wanting to get into anything specialised then ofc don't go for a degree
It depends what you want to get into though
It's YouGov so it should be credible enough.
Probably?
Problem is, the transphobe minority are also in media and government.
https://twitter.com/mimmymum/status/1402310348233920520?s=19
The British public (including 50% of women) believes that transphobia is a problem in the UK.

arrow_right https://t.co/h1KkIP3CWa
I mean I personally don't think I'll make the choice to pursue the property market but there's that whole thing about how it's the way the system inherently runs, so there'll always have to be landlords otherwise the system just wouldn't function.
I'd say you have choices in whether you want to pursue the property ladder and the choice is what separates it from say, being born into a rich family or inheriting wealth, but the last part about adapting is at least preferable to just armed revolt against system change.
Which is why it's lucky I'm in a different area, because then I won't have to be in that awkward situation where I fight against them for a tenant's demands.
It's one thing if I told them "I don't think you should be allowed to own so many houses," another for me to start fighting a union battle with them.
The problem is that I'm committing to action
Idk what my parents would think
I live in a different area anyway so it's very unlikely I'll have to confront them in a union case anyway.
And yes, I'm fully aware my political activities are directly opposed to them, but I just don't tell them.
And I say this as someone coming from a landlord family.
Assuming a landlord genuinely is a nice person and doesn't want to price people out of housing, they *have to.*
It's just not how the economic system works.
It's impossible to be insanely generous as a capitalist.
Landlords have to pay off mortgages, bills, deal with taxes and the housing market, even if they wanted to provide the cheapest housing possible, it's just utopian and not realistic.
Speaking from this side of the "class conflict," it's clear to me that the interests of a landlord are directly opposed to tenants on the basis of how the economic system works, regardless of how nice a person the landlord tries to be.
Both my parents are landlords, although tbf mum is on a low income job.
Saw all the landlord talk.
Kids (and some adults) are just fucking stupid
And even if their music was cool
But at a certain point I just had to accept that they're just shitty people, even if they were representing a good thing happening
This was difficult because it wasn't just their music but them as people were what I liked
They never reached the mainstream because they were shot down by sexual assault allegations
I was a huge fan of PWR BTTM because they were trans and queer and steadily rising in popularity
It's this whole idolisation of creators behind fanbases
Lying would be a lot worse if I had to maintain contact
Because I have no ties with the company anymore now so
That time I won't have to deal with it anymore
You're right, I'm not under it rn, let me correct that /j
But I know it's not the weed I would still be like this even if I didn't smoke
Solution is to smoke more weed right /s
Just an example of it
But that's not the specific issue
If I'm wrong then I've just gave myself so much stress that I didn't even need because I lied to my old workplace about moving to a different area and didn't tell them I got a new job elsewhere
I'm already doing something about this I just want to know if other people do this
Yeah but aren't you supposed to talk to managers at work if there's work-based issues, to your healthcare professionals when there's health-related issues, to so-and-so when there's related issues?
And to lie, try to cheat and selectively talk on that basis
Is it really fucking weird to not trust any form of authority
How can you tell when you should probably be seeing a doctor for mental health concerns
Where the line is for this depends on each person I'd suppose, but I do think it's something to at least give some thought before coming to an opinion
We go high and they go low doesn't always work in favour of the high ground
But when you bring it up first in a conversation you can almost guarantee the "opposition" won't let it go and will make the rest of the conversation entirely about how you're the bad one actually
If it gets brought up by someone then I will say "yes it was shitty to doxx"
I'd pull them to one side privately and say "this is actually really bad and counterproductive"
While I wouldn't encourage or advocate doxxing I would certainly be less likely to publicly paint a target on someone who doxxes someone shitty
I take an extremely pragmatist approach to political issues that have real world effects beyond the debating club
Not trying to be contrarian but
How bad though?
I didn't get arrested or charged with terorrism
They did something similar in the UK and several organisations I've been with were indicted
This might not go anywhere
Pretending this is entirely to do with the CCP is reductive
The issue of the shrine goes way beyond just "CCP bad"
They had significantly more power, wealth and influence on the world than they do now
African empires had very different standing then
Which confused me
She didn't really mention that much at all, she mentioned about how every individual will be racist and then talked about systemic racism as an explanation
See I thought it'd be about subconscious bias but
There's just missing nuance to it
And I hate this "it's because they're white" like yes that's kind of partially maybe it, but you forgot to add "it's because they're white (and as white people in the ruling class, they have an interest to maintain their power through racism)"
Which I think is meant to be the point of what she was trying to say
You can't stop that but white people probably still benefit from the way society has advantages for white people in some ways
Maybe for once it's not about mental state but about the fact that they hold literal power and wealth and it's in self-interest to maintain it
I'm not a fan of claiming that such violence must be a result of mental health issues *all* the time
The argument could be made that to claim white people are "psychopathic" is pretty ableist even
But at the same time this lacks so much nuance and intersectionality
If you're in society you're subject to the way it works
Whether they want to or not, because it's not whether you opt in or not
I mean yeah I get the idea that systemic racism means that everyone is automatically involved
Which the country has had a history of not always acknowledging
They have nothing to do with admitting fully to war crimes and acknowledging inhumane experiments and comfort women
What the fuck does the CCP have to do with admitting fully to war crimes and acknowledging inhumane experiments and comfort women
I ask because I don't get why you would so passionately defend Japan on this
What stake do you have in this
When all the people who were raped and killed are now dead and can't speak on or protest the matter
I don't give a shit what the government thinks
Who gives a shit what the government thinks
But I'd be fucking mad if we suddenly let Christians have slaves because their religion entitles to it
The Bible has verses that are frequently interpreted to be in favour of slavery
Assuming that was even true, saying that it *has* to be the case because of religion isn't always justifiable
There has to be some separation of church and state to solve issues like this
Glorifying war criminals is just bad, end of
This is a non-argument
Yes, and making the issue of Yasukuni be about anything except war criminals ignores the entire point
The shrine is controversial to a lot of people
This literally isn't just a matter about the CCP
Are you aware that the Japanese empire conscripted Taiwanese people, including native non-Han Taiwanese people into the Japanese military to commit kamikaze attacks?
Are you Taiwanese or smth
<:KEKW:706602105531793492>
It's because I touch grass
I didn't realise it was that bad lmao
I didn't even know who Hero Hei is
Even if the company *shouldn't* be able to do it
If someone got dismissed because they did something shitty I'm not gonna cry
That is an issue but at the same time, some things are worse than others
I suggested it might've been a contract violation
How did they get back in
They got banned once right
This is me just rambling after the fact
Yes I know
I'm not a tankie but it's just so fucking every day they're here
Man I am sick of the CCP shit
Which you should understand if you ever held a job
That is how employment works
What she did will most likely have broken the terms and conditions of her contract
I'm not a capitalist but
The VA will have signed a private contract with the company, with an agreement to the terms and conditions of the company
You claim to be a liberal, right? Which means you agree with free market ideas
Lol
It's got everything to do with many groups with varying interests having controversial issues with the shrine
This has nothing to do with the CCP specifically
And back to the starting issue, continue to enshrine the war criminals as holy in Yasukuni shrine
I guess there's no other way now
But I've generally not really been too involved on the news of political figures online
Jk ofc
Quite frankly, because it doesn't describe or affect me, I will never hear the term except in reference to others, which makes it so low on my priority list of social issues to put a personal stake into.
I don't think we should decide whether it's a good term or not unless we're the ones it describes or affects.
It's been used way earlier than 2021, I've seen it used years ago before.
It's a reclaimed slur but most aren't comfortable still.
Queer used to, and still is to some.
Can't stand white people using it randomly though
Even as a kid, I sometimes used "Chinaman" (obviously before I realised gender is fucky).
There's an Asian-American band I got into a while back that named themselves the slur and I would just call them by the full name. Not like, in every single sentence kind of weird, but if I mentioned them as the first sentence of what I'm talking about. The normal kind of speech.
(Racial slur) ||chink||
I don't use them very regularly in everyday speech but I don't really shy away from saying them when the context calls for it.
Although for slurs that were strong before, some of them I reclaim for myself because it gives me some sense of control and power.
So, I don't really think about it too much, and it never really held on to have the same strong effect as other slurs.
But if I had to explain it with more thought than "I saw a server button," this would be it. My sexuality being "weird" is quite frankly, the least extreme thing in the grand scheme of things that happen in my life.
It was just looking at the roles and making a pretty quick and non-efforted decision.
And alongside all this, I just never really thought about it too much when I adopted the label when picking server roles
I don't feel like trying to be normal
I can't ask for a reshuffle
Whereas for me, I know my life is not normal but that's just the cards I was dealt.
I can't imagine anyone ever going "I'm so good at what other people believe is manipulation so I will take on the identity of a manipulator"
I can never see any context in which that is ever considered good
It's different imo in that the implication that you're "tricking" someone can never be good
I never really had normal much of many things
I've kind of accepted I never had a normal childhood growing up, I never had normal parents
But I don't know if I really mind that
I first knew it to be another variation of "weird"
So while the Q word doesn't specifically get to me in that way, I can empathise because there are other slurs that give the same reaction to me.
At the same time though, I do know slurs that have caught on as slurs, and I cannot stand hearing at all.
It wasn't a common one I've heard around in my personal experience, and given its common usage after reclamation, it has about the same emotional effect as finding out the word "lesbian" exists.
It never held on as a slur for me, is one thing
(I have a tendency to argue with myself and I'm not trying to strawman anyone)
If it had been that simple, I would've.
"Why not just choose gay, pansexual, bisexual or anything else?" because I can't
And my only personal stake in this is having it as server roles and choosing it when it comes to sexuality drop-down lists.
I'm not really too fussed about people who are uncomfortable with Q word because in the end, it is a personal boundary
And I'd argue the way Q-Force appears to be written and handles representation is somewhat separate from the word itself, as it could still have turned out the same way even if they didn't name it Q-Force.
I don't really mind it and usually use it as a sexuality label because it's hard to define for me but I never really use it beyond server roles and never for other people because personal boundaries and all that.
Self-usage is fine
The kid just needs to mature and grow up. I eventually learnt to just respect the cat's agency, and in turn he ended up trusting me more to be around him.
I think some kids are just not mature enough for certain pets through little fault of their own, but it does mean parents have to be aware of that and be responsible about which animals they let their kids around.

Compared to now:
I was a prepubescent kid then
I didn't really do anything that injured the cat or caused anything permanently but I used to be really mad and frustrated because owning a cat didn't turn out how I expected.
In my case, I used to be frustrated at my cat as a kid.
Sounds stupid but they probably have no thought or awareness beyond "this feels fun *for me* rn"
Kids usually have no sense of reasoning or understanding of consequences. It's absolutely up to responsible parenting.
Just feel like I overcomplicate the way I talk but it's literally how it makes sense in my mind
Fuck I feel like I sound like a pretentious nerd, it really does feel almost impossible to explain myself without talking like this
Wider societal trends do exist, sure, but I think it's important to recognise we still all have our individual agency in how we choose to engage with it.
If someone says the C word I wouldn't assume they're trying to peacefully describe an ethnicity the same way I might give someone saying the Q word the benefit of the doubt that they use it as an umbrella term. It's just not widely adopted like that.
It's a personal thing, in a similar but opposite way.
But I'd say conversely, a lot of Asian slurs haven't really been widely reclaimed and adopted for empowerment so I'm very much an isolated case but
And that's fine tbh, personal boundaries still there regardless of cultural changes elsewhere.
It's a very different use of the word in contrast to how most people would've used it.
It's how the band used their name, with their music writing about the experience of being Asian-American.
The way I've seen it reclaimed is that it's a word that was once weaponised as an insult being now used to give a voice.
But when I started to be OK with my own ethnicity, reclaiming slurs feels like "I'm OK with being this ethnicity and everything that comes with it."
I used to wish I was white
It comes from when you internalised it and hated yourself
Actually no, I can try:
It's hard to explain
I'm thinking of this specifically in terms of racial, because like I said, the Q word just doesn't really "hit" for me.
It's not my fault if other people then decide to use a word for demeaning purposes that I use for self-empowerment.
I feel like that then places the emphasis on the victim
It's always for some insult about someone's eyes or something.
I just don't think looking at right-wing propaganda is the best form of political action
That's not to say ignore politics because that "something else" can be political
Sometimes it's better to just not pay it attention and go do something else
OK it is
Yeah this looks very much like a fake account
A lot of celebrities are this way but it can just as easily be friends and family that each of us know personally
The number of sexual predators I've met IRL I can probably just count on one hand, but the fact that I can count beyond 1 is already bad.
Having money and power just makes it easier to do these things and also makes it more high profile
A lot of people are actually shitty in their own ways because a lot of shitty behaviour is just normalised
Not in a good way ofc but, people gonna meme about topics like that regardless of whether it's appropriate.
I've known him as a meme
Other than he does Minecraft shit
Other than that idk who dream is
I heard anyway
He said some pretty racist shit
Who fetishises any trans person
Just generally any cis person
Unisex > female > ease of access > male
Just like nature intended <:KEKW:706602105531793492>
Or just use God's toilet, I have many times before
Better solution: just don't segregate toilets
Only in the way it would make it inaccessible to so many trans people
Simply put I'm basically admitting it's a hard position for me to imagine because of "privilege" but not really a privilege since it's not identity based
So if I did get harassed I'm more likely to stand my ground
If I'm comfortable to enter it's usually because I'm certain I can be there
But if I do and someone says something, I'm not sure if I would just run out
If I don't feel comfortable using a female toilet, I won't
I know it exists but my lack of bad experiences, coupled with personal self-assurance
I'll admit it's very hard for me to visualise the issue
The only issue I can see is if the public kicked up a fuss, but on this small scale it's fine and for the larger scale then that's a political and social battle to fight
There's no rebuilding or significant changes to infrastructure
It's done here
"Toilets with urinals"
I mean on a material level, I get that it would cause all sorts of social issues
What's wrong with just relabelling signs?
The gay village in my city does that
You don't have to rebuild the entire building or anything
To say whether there's urinals or not
Literally just change the signs
Not even needing infrastructure changes, just signs that say "toilets without urinals" and "toilets with urinals"
And it prevents so many issues that crop up now
OK but generally I would prefer desegregation of public toilets because unisex is already working in practice
/s
The return of the Soviet Union begins in the public bathrooms <:redflag:796608499760627742>
I would use unisex toilets when available as a political statement if nothing else
Worried about getting told you don't look disabled?
To someone from that position, the logic appears to be consistent
If being pro-life is about not wanting killing, then being anti-vaxx is also the same
Their logic will always bend to appear to stay consistent
He did the mental gymnastics of "their immune systems are strong enough"
And when I asked "so what about the people who 20 years from now are alive"
My step-dad is an anti-vaxxer and 100% convinced the vaccines are killing people
It's about being 100% convinced the vaccines will kill you
It's usually about more than bodily autonomy to such people
Although this would be extremely different to all the other times
I've dealt with death before
<:RutileShrug:585377602471198720>
Either that, or our relationship life ends sooner for my SO if I die before them
But now it's like, most of what my life is has an end point that could potentially be before the end of my lifespan
To know I'd be a free agent to risk myself and do shit until the end
Idk in a way I was happier about death when alone
So one of us is just, supposed to retire alone after a long life together?
I mostly mean in old age, assuming nothing else happens
So it's up to fate to decide really
I'm older but arguably greater health and fitness
If we stay together
Having an SO and everything now, it frequently crosses my mind which one of us will die first
I'll take it somewhere serious then: thinking about aging is really existential
"studio Ghibli's animation sucks ass so much it's so old and outdated"
"what's cowboy bebop"
"Evangelion? Nah that's too old for me"
Kids are gonna say "I was born in the wrong generation, I like the classic anime like symphogear"
Including mockery
Idk I've just kind of dealt with death, as well as the different ways people respond to it
Ah OK
Let me remember where I'm going with this
And he goes "Who's that, one of your MaRTyRs?"
And he looks at a portrait held by protesters for a martyr in the same conflict
But then you see a British nationalist on YouTube
It's not funny but it's just how I respond and cope ig
But instead he came back and died lmao
One of my friends could've died in war
It's weird to say but I'm burnt out on death
That's not hypothetical because that's already happened and is how I reacted
If someone tells me they're gonna die I'm just kinda like yeah ok
Honestly I'd say the majority of these people haven't suddenly become "more homophobic" rather they found a socially acceptable opportunity to be
Rightists wouldn't deal with it even if it wasn't like that
Besides it's usually the better call to blame the ones who are actually acting violently over this, especially as now Yami has posted new info to say it was a false allegation
By saying "yes, there is an agenda, but it's to make others more tolerant"
It looks like it's supposed to be a satirical parody of the right's rhetoric
I think that's intended
<:yup:816352573484564491> nice one
I always say dropping out of high school was the worst but also the best time of my life because I had no future and believed I could do anything without consequence
Does anyone ever think about just throwing all that away to let loose
Except, one that requires a lot of hard work, planning, effort and self-discipline
I'm gonna be nice and assume that most people here probably have some sense of stability and an idea of their future
Does anyone ever feel like throwing their life away
Brain fart
Fuck
Personal displays of affection
For now, I need to keep FB
Not saying it won't happen but
If I deleted FB I can say goodbye to being invited to Airsoft games because the society uses it. It'd take some mass exodus
It's good for IRL organising because everyone and their dads have it
Unfortunately all the student groups use FB
I wish
You're advocating responsible gun ownership, so what's so bad about making responsible gun ownership legally mandatory
But school shootings aren't an issue here still
I don't think a lot of people realise an AR-15 variant is available in the UK
And when reasonable measures can be in place
It stops being purely individual responsibility when it significantly affects collective safety
Knives are legal here but I can't just casually walk round the street with a chest belt holstered with multiple knives
But the law can regulate what is responsible use
Nobody could just go down to the armoury and just shoot up the place
But the thing is there's enough regulation in place that access is controlled
My school even straight up just had an armoury that stocked guns
It's not unusual to find people in the UK with live round firing experience
Guns are also a lot more of a thing in other countries than Americans might assume at first
But it's the case in a lot of places and we're all living with it
I feel like it's really hard to imagine a reality without pistols when that's the entirety of the country's history
So it's not a common issue that kids just grab their parents' AR-15
My point about AR-15s being available in the UK is that there's a fuckton of legal regulation around buying and owning one
So it really does start with the small struggles
If there isn't a group that can even win a small raise in minimum wage, how can anyone expect there to be one that overturns society
And it hasn't overturned society, but society isn't overturned without organisation in place that can achieve small struggles in the first place
It happened through years of careful planning and campaigning
And that didn't happen with one guy getting elected and then a sudden decision
My county has just become the first one outside of London to bring buses under public control
It all starts with the small struggle
And the world can't be overturned in one go. People with grand illusions of a revolution that changes society don't get it imo
And a lot of people already have known power is fucked for a long time, and a lot of people have already resisted against it, as well as realising it's actually a minority of people who are a main cause of the world's issues
A significant one being material conditions
It's not just some human nature thing but rather an evolution of society in general based on many social factors
This isn't an accident, is what's important to remember
I don't see how the two articles are related
China may not be great, but neither was McCarthyism
And where everyone lives, there are probably local issues
If people are so bothered about this they should really be doing more against corporate power in their own countries
Using a country for cheap labour doesn't exactly make that party in the deal innocent
Yeah that
Aye but the point is that it's not solely-
https://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/2017/jul/10/100-fossil-fuel-companies-investors-responsible-71-global-emissions-cdp-study-climate-change
A single country isn't the cause of *every* problem in the world, even if it contributes to it
A lot of the world's pollution is caused by a small number of corporations
I mean, the rest of society would probably find the horny content that weebs defend to be weird.
I tend to get the feeling weebs have some kind of weird idea that they're a bastion of horny "deviance" against a changing west.
But the creators themselves are probably just going after what works.
Maybe to people that view these things have some masculinity insecurity.
The outrage has got them popular and having that kind of political popularity probably feels good and feels like they actually can influence culture.
I don't really pay attention to reactionaries online so much because to me it's just them seeing what works and doing it.
<:KirikaSalute:620069889838809089>
I can't even tell anymore with all these weird titles.
Wait, is that a real anime?
The government haven't said it, it's the anti-lockdown nerds in this country.
The same people who put this up probably have their data recorded by social media anyway.
The one that tells you if you've been in contact with someone with COVID, checking into venues and to get pinged if you need to self-isolate.
Context: the sticker is about deleting the NHS COVID tracker app.
I have no time for bullshit.

I mean even the people in this server that are into lewd art of underage characters can probably recognise that it would be taboo to talk about outside of closed communities.
I've kind of just accepted that weebs are gonna be the way they are and if they fuck up their IRL lives outside of online communities because they decided they're the ones that are great and everyone else is degen, then it's not my problem.
I mean, if you ask me, it's the former, but I didn't want to say that because I didn't want to start the discourse again lmao
I just think it should be obviously recognisable that so much that is considered normal in anime communities just isn't everywhere else.
Not to say that people outside of anime communities are pure, I've heard a lot of people make jokes about Thai crossdressers in my workplace and stuff.
If I started doing so at work, I'd be avoided.
Literally nobody has talks about loli this much on the regular
Ever since joining some kind of anime community (here), the types of conversations that feel normal have so drastically shifted.
It's just not something you would talk about to people who aren't weebs.
Whichever side anyone stands on loli discourse, I think it should be obvious that most people who aren't weebs would find the entire thing weird.
Dakis are just one of the less offensive examples.
No offence to people who own dakis but, I don't think they're universally socially acceptable, for example.
<#336297840529899522> btw, maybe move to <#336297387863703552> ?
Maybe I'm projecting here but I feel like culture is a lot more divided now than before so
I just wanted to check if it was an honest mistake or "she's a bad person so misgendering is OK" BS.
My guy, you just stated she's trans and referred to her with he/him and such right after.
Which leads me to believe it's not as rare as it might initially sound for CWC.
He didn't have the capacity to understand the concept of sex properly or smth, so was extremely homophobic, despite engaging in gay sex.
Except, he would literally have sex with *anything.*
Idk if it's a real case, but our lecturer talked about this homophobic psychiatric patient.
^^^This kind of case got discussed in psychology class.
So I was wrong earlier, retracted.
I also realised this has reached an official institution so it's kind of gone beyond an internet thing
If I went out right now and surveyed people on the streets, I'm not sure I would get as many people who know about this, let alone use it for whatever political agenda they have.
This is probably only high profile to a lot of internet denizens.
Although tbf
Well, everyone who's already transphobic, that is.
Even if this doesn't consider cis women either, everyone who knows what this is about is gonna blame it on trans people, even if they're not to blame for a terrible law.
She didn't even win
Became the cause of the code of conduct being written up and published by the organisation after that.
She got banned from accessing the organisation's Twitter account for misuse because she used it to like and browse TERF content.
The awkward polite friendliness that went on lmfao, it was just the two of us sat outside the abortion clinic so nobody could save us.
We had to spend the afternoon pretending we didn't want to stab each other.
I did activist work with one IRL.
(It's TERFs trending over the trans athlete in the Olympics)
Why can't people just be normal
I saw #sexmatters trending on Twitter and I legit thought this was gonna be some trend about how sex is OK and healthy.
Other than that, I don't see it being very likely for a group of random individuals to just somehow all collectively agree to hang out with each other without any common regular activity.
When you've been beating the shit out of each other for a few months, you eventually learn each other's names, jobs, pets etc
All my groups, in uni and out of uni, have all been hobby/society-based.
Even in uni, on my own course, I never really got into a group.
Sports/hobbies is really the main way I can see something that can be called a "friendship group" forming.
I'm not trying to sound accusatory but, maybe the rest of you just aren't as involved in organised IRL groups?
I was actually a little out of place, but not too significantly since I had a shared hobby with them.
These were adults who were already in full-time jobs.
We ended up having a group that we would sometimes go out to have drinks together after training.
I went to the exact same kind of thing in the form of jiu-jitsu classes outside of uni, and it ended up similarly.
The thing that got me into that group was that it was an organised gathering through a society.
In the sense that it being uni changes much
Mildly disagree
Only reason it didn't work out is because they turned out to be assholes.
I had a group in uni.
I mean it depends?
I honestly think they shouldn't be because the UK's COVID rates have just skyrocketed in one go
Nightclubs, I mean. IRL interactions haven't really gone anywhere, it's just becoming easier for online interactions to happen as well.
Clubs are still packed with sweaty patrons.
When lockdown restrictions lifted, I went to a friend's house and we smoked weed and ate spaghetti.
For me personally, while my closest friends are online, there's a lot of people I casually interact with at hobbies.
Considering how many people poured out onto the streets and started infecting each other in the UK to visit clubs and gigs, I doubt online friendships have replaced IRL.
Everyone still has coworkers that they see at work, classmates in education, community in hobby clubs etc
I don't think it's as much of an issue as you probably assume, because people still do stuff IRL.
Daily Express, The Sun, The Telegraph and Daily Mail are the main ones with Britain afaik
So if anyone wants to read it, well, keep that in mind.
Not a bad link, I was more so just warning everyone that the article will most definitely have transphobic leanings.
Well, it's just a newspaper, they don't have a TV news show.
It's the British version of Fox news basically.
Nobody open the article.
> Mail Online
Just a shame the friendship didn't last for very long, just about a year.
Flew to another country for one friend <:SerenaLaugh:688836867709337611>
What a fucking sad state of affairs, I wonder how much of this can be put down to failure of institutions to help and on trolls who exacerbated the issue.
ANTISFASCHISTICHE AKTION
But also being Germanic, you can also be the biggest threat and our only hope against the Romans?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Picketing
Brb organising a picket
Wait hold on this is my city
China is more a pragmatic than an ideological state now
I don't think about the CCP a whole lot in these present times when my current life now is being directly influenced by my own government
And I would personally love to see the tory government get what should be coming to them
But the aftermath, when it's been a whole year every nation has no excuse to not have dealt with it by now
Because the initial incident may be due to the censorship
I think every government that had a poor response has to answer
It's no longer Maoism when they're not building industry with the national bourgeoisie but rather outsourcing industry and labour to American corporations
Anyone who knows anything basic about Maoism would know its difference from then to the Dengist "socialism with Chinese characteristics"
The ideological struggle of the cold war is over because hardly any "socialist" nation has stuck to the socialist ideology they initially had planned
My point is that it's not really a stretch to say that believing the CCP invented COVID as a bioweapon is wack, because it actually makes no sense for them to want to do that and shut down world economies that fund their country and have done since the 80s
Afaik the persecution of Falun Gong was more than just "religion bad" as well, it was a factional power struggle within the CCP itself and the previous faction were backers of Falun Gong as a supporting base
"Socialism with Chinese characteristics" isn't "let's become Bond villains"
Everything that China does has always had some realpolitik edge to it since the Deng administration
It makes no sense for them to just destroy the entirety of their economic progress by trying to destroy everything for the sake of everything
And bear in mind China still exists in a globalist society that has an economy that relies a lot on the rest of the world
It's not whataboutism to point out the same logical thought pattern between two groups
Just that "the people who believe in such a conspiracy theory probably have confirmation bias to believe such a thing would happen"
Idk if people are just misunderstanding the point because nobody said "the US is just as likely to unleash a bioweapon on the world"
Like, that's wack
And are we legit accusing other server members of being CCP shills now
How is that a whataboutism between two countries
It's not a whataboutism to say that people who believe the CCP started COVID are most likely having some kind of confirmation bias due to negative opinion
You'd figure in such a server that it'd be obvious no one is an apologist for the CCP
Just the uncredibility of the conspiracy theory
This was the start of it, it's hardly painting equivalence in countries
I don't see any whataboutism going on
Because at this point, any further damage is due to each country's own government.
I'll always add that the blame game of whether it spread out of China due to the CCP is becoming increasingly irrelevant in discussing a response to COVID
Meanwhile in the UK you need to prove you've been living full time as your gender for 2 years and then go up to a panel of randos to prove you're trans and pay a fee
You can self ID your gender for official purposes
Northern Independence Party
The best and most based outcome I can see for where I live now is to become the independent Republic of Northumbria
There's gender self ID there
Ngl I considered Ireland too
Good ol' McCarthyism
I'd say we're all more at danger from ourselves now/our voting choices
The main thing I was trying to go for is that the main ideological conflict that made the cold war such a threat hardly exists now and there's little justification to believe such a thing exists today
The only one I can think of that has stayed the course is Cuba
I meant more so that every nation that was socialist (even if disagreeably so) moved away from its original Marxist-Leninist/Maoist policies and approach
It's not 100% Ayn Randian free market but it's still not complete state onwership with closed economy
There's special economic zones that allow private enterprise
As in response to planned economy, I'd say it's more mixed
Fascism works as a descriptor for totalitarianism, I was just having a memory of a random YT video in my mind or smth when I wrote that
Idk if they are on a technical level but at that point I'm just being pedantic and prescriptivist
I meant specifically for the GRC
I mean so have I
So if your spouse hasn't raised an issue then idk why they would later
Bear in mind once you're applying, you've already lived 2 years full time public out the closet
It's been like this always
Or they'll stop you transing
So you'd have to get a divorce if your partner doesn't approve
And say you can't be trans
As in, literally veto your application
Oh and if you're married your spouse can say no
Literally get a fucking life lmao
It centred a lot around Anita Sarkeesian who started a discussion about how women are portrayed in gaming media
And the legacy still continues today when they complain that women in games like Battlefield 1 is destroying the games industry
And that games will be ruined because women won't be wearing bikini armour anymore
The 2000s gamer culture was largely characterised by believing that women playing games is gonna take away their sexualised game characters
You were young as fuck in 2010 right
There are so many factors that can lead people into believing what they do and I think it's important to address those
And that strong iron fist discipline is what needs to be brought into the west, taught by traditional Asian values
And what I saw was white kids with more freedom and more lenient parents than me, so in the most Stockholm syndrome way I concluded that western culture was weak and inferior
I didn't have any political teaching to draw ideas from so I did it from what I directly saw around me
Not white ethnic supremacist to be clear
And I ended up being an ethnic supremacist
I just had whatever wack ideas I could come up with myself since I didn't know of any political names or anything
I personally didn't have political education in any form at all as a kid
Apart from the slap, that sounds based
Is this <#336297387863703552> now
Some people get money for really doing trash huh
No offence but if watching breadtube is someone's main hobby it makes me distance a little
"here's a few people who's videos make up the basis of our theoretical approach entirely"
Breadtube though feels like some vanguardist thing
Reject breadtube, return to IRL action
Is there a particular reason you want to get a diagnosis?
Not to invalidate your point or anything
I'm just being pedantic about technicality for its own sake btw
I get what you're saying but PTSD is probably a better example
DID and OSDD are dissociative disorders while BPD is a personality disorder.
Still different actually
Not to push the joke limit in this channel but
>.> /J
The only reason anyone would bring it up is for some wack conspiracy like "they've brainwashed our kids growing up!"
The point is void because no significant decisions are made at all until at least 16.
And if everyone is genuinely just ignorant of how the law and medical process works, I'll trust everyone's talking here in good faith.
Mac I believe you, I know you well enough.
Anyone saying "8 is too young" is either extremely uninformed of the law, or concern trolling.
It's literally still illegal to medically transition beyond blockers under 18 lmao
Natural selection tried to filter me out but I made it my bitch and survived.
I didn't have accepting parents, and then I had a bit extra to deal with.
What happened to don't tread
The invasiveness of right-wing reporting into ordinary people's lives feels a bit anti-freedom, doesn't it?
What the fuck do you disagree with, when I just laid out the facts?
That the law is the way it is?
If anyone else at this point says "I disagree" disagree with what?
Aye, you'd think blockers would be given at puberty and not sooner lmao
Yes, I got unlucky and had to wait until 19.
And is a reference to people's physical behaviour.
I assume it's coming from "spasm."
I explained it all further up in chat.
That's all been covered btw
I heard something similar couple years ago.
It's been an ongoing process for years right?
This whole media thing
Northumbria legit just needs to eject itself from the union soon.
The implications of that are even worse.
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
Context: an incel shot and killed several people in a shooting in Plymouth, UK.
https://twitter.com/Chican3ry/status/1426115976182083589
Nationalistic sentiment always relies on history.
Literally gave her a server nickname in my server of 姐姐, meaning "big sis" in Chinese.
So what you're saying is I have achieved my dream of leading the revolution? /S
Until I did <:RutileThink:748557987957833788>
Second in line I assume?
<:KanadeSmug:688191203178840064>
At least, to go public.
Gonna be smug about how I was one of the first
Except because we're gen Z/millennial, we're less strict about it and sometimes the youngest will protest for a joke
The youngest "sibling" fills everyone's rice bowls first and teacups
When we had restaurant meals, we would do it according to that rule
We were still a group of friends that were just fucking around and would take the piss out of each other and stuff but
In Chinese society we called each other by older/younger brother and sister
Not as in close enough to being Chinese
Close enough as in, as a friend
Melua's not Chinese but she's close enough that I'd consider extending the same cultural gesture towards her
It's a Chinese thing that we do in the culture
I do not deserve my degree at all
<:KEKW:706602105531793492>
Then COVID hit, and it all got moved online, and made open-book instead of closed-book, with 48 hours to complete each exam.
That should've been the year I failed my uni course.
Did not study *at all* and was FUCKED with one month left to go.
For example, age 21, exams were coming up for uni.
Stumble through and somehow get things done?
One thing you realise is you never actually know what the fuck you're doing, there is no age where you suddenly get it all figured out, but you just kind of
It's not so bad.
Sometimes incredibly terrible (life was shit but stable when living with dad), to stupidly good.
Life has a way of turning itself around in some ways you don't expect.
22, with a 2:1 Honours degree from uni, accepted onto a master's degree, starting training as a healthcare worker in September, living with a romantic partner.
So that comes to the question of, where am I now?
Even if we were technically alive, we might as well be dead in the future because the assumption was a life of alcoholism, drugs and no education.
That we were just, straight up already dead and there was no way we'd be living with a future.
Was *pretty certain* life was over by then
Dropped out of school after skipping so many classes due to shit mental health and trauma over all that.
At age 17, we were absolutely certain we were dead. Called the cops on dad and moved out while the cop held him in another room.
Alright, then I'll continue.
My bad
Ah
At age 17, we were certain we were dead.
Right here's the thing
I only just moved in with my partner in July, and I'm 22.
17 is pretty young, but that means you still have a lot of life to live with someone.
Then I would get to have tea poured for me <:KEKW:706602105531793492>
So that's when someone is a close friend, but I don't apply the same cultural practice/thought
But also sometimes I don't want to make a relationship with someone have that formal edge to it
So I'd say when white people get that treatment it's worth more
Chinese people get it by default because of cultural tradition, regardless of whether I'd consider them that close of a friend or not
But it's not necessarily with everyone that's close
I just get a random feeling that "this person is someone I would hold with high respect as an elder/younger in that cultural way"
Idk just happens
Unless I know the person well enough and consider them to be kind of "honourary Chinese" I suppose?
I don't do it with non-Chinese because obviously if they don't share the same cultural practice, they'd probably be weirded out by it
I meant as in a club
Not as in society as a whole lmao
By Chinese society I meant the uni society
Maybe in old times that would've been extremely rude but we don't give a shit as young people now
Oh my bad
Because if they left it at "they came out" that would be an incredibly short article
Honestly likely not, a lot of these articles usually give personal background
I think the main one is that most people into lolicon aren't necessarily always into IRL underage
And they're not really TERFs
The CUSU uses those colours
Except it's not just hate groups that use it?
I'd put it on the same level as TERFs calling themselves feminists
It's suffragette colours and still is
No
Although they're used by TERFs too
Purple white and green are traditional feminist colours and are still used by some feminists
Blue for NHS
First it was the conservative right, now it's the Taliban
Lol
https://twitter.com/slightlyatsea/status/1426927100855005193?s=19
Let alone porn that looks like it involves kids
I mean I doubt looking at anime porn is considered "normal" to most of the rest of society already
But to non-weebs it probably looks so
If they think I'm basing something on opinion rather than material events
Because it's a big frustration when it feels like people don't know what I'm presenting or explaining
It is important to me to know that I've made myself clear
If I say "this means that the symbol is still good" then yeah, you can disagree with that, except I haven't said that
When the facts of a situation are provided you can't just disagree that they happened
https://twitter.com/sistersuncutmcr/status/1165232999866294273?lang=en
I honestly don't get what's being disagreed with here because I'm not presenting anything except facts
Not "one member liked me"
It's "they have literally made anti-TERF actions"
It's not "I feel like they're not TERFs"
I'm explaining real, material action that has happened
I'm not just giving personal testimony
Lmao what
And as I said, that would not be unreasonable
Maybe they will be seen as such at first glancer
Maybe they do need to, but until they do, they're not automatically branded TERFs before then
Just the fact that they are still used by anti-TERF groups
I don't understand what's being disagreed with because I'm not making a comment on whether the symbols should still be used or not
That such groups exist?
What is it that you disagree with
Well I'm showing examples where they aren't
I don't think it's a bad thing to be nuanced and say "the symbol's representation has been muddled and is no longer clear" than to just put out a hard "every group that uses those symbols are either TERFs or associated"
Saying so is to ignore what some groups have done with real effort to combat TERFs
So one TERF group muddling the legitimacy of symbolism does not suddenly make those that were already using them as bad as the TERFs
"Feminism" is a decentralised movement of various groups with either co-operative or competing ideology
The police are a single unified institution that at the very top, answer to the same authority
That's not really applicable in the same way here though?
My point was a response to this
It doesn't, but that's not my point
But there is still legitimate use
And that people will always err on the side of caution (which is reasonable)
But it's very much in the same way that proper use of the swastika isn't always easy to tell either now,
It's a shame that now it's harder to tell, yes
Groups that were already using a symbol and continuing to do so because it's their established "brand" isn't exactly their fault
My point is yes, I would also be cautious around suffragette colours, but to say they can be written off is extreme
The second one has a leaflet on spotting TERF ideology and combatting it
The first one, Sisters Uncut, drove off TERFs that tried to hijack Manchester pride
Sister Supporter literally called me in privately with the organisers to hear my complaints about a TERF member, and to work towards a code of conduct to prevent such behaviour
These are literally groups I've worked with lmao
What
So all 3 can be classed as TERF groups?



Not every group can be written off on symbol alone
I'm automatically cautious if I see suffragette colours ofc but
My point is before TERFs, and even during TERFs, suffragette colours were and still are in use
The thing about the swastika for example, I don't think it was a common symbol for the west, so it's very clearly a Nazi symbol because no other group (within the area and culture) uses it
They're not co-opting symbolism that is either not already established, or not in continual use
The thing about TERFs is that they're already using a lot of established and still in continual use symbols
I'm sure TERFs use various symbols including the Venus sign, the word "feminist" and even pride colours
Maybe I should just do nothing
Then alright
Nothing
If everything I did was just
Time and material effort was put in by me
If I'm acting personally attacked it's because a bit of my personal investment has went into such things
It's moved on without me
Fuck this I'm out
You know what
I think the moral of all this is that imperialism bad
When it does, it's usually by means of proxy war
The people that are in on this are already in charge where I live
I generally don't pay a lot of attention to foreign affairs for this reason because living in a first world country means it's not a threat to me
It may as well be standard rulebook play for superpower countries now
China's not doing anything new by investing into Afghanistan
But also there's the fact that superpowers will have sphere of influences, and that's the only conflict really happening imo
There's no incentive for diplomatic punishment now while it's a mutually beneficial relationship
As in, about what either country is doing
As long as the economy and trade keeps running
The thing is I don't think either side genuinely cares that much
Not to mention a lot of it is now beyond just parties and officials
Isolationist policies are a thing of the past and to treat a country as an isolated entity on the world stage is just impractical
It wasn't one sided either way, China opened up foreign affairs towards the west and it was reciprocated
Not just that but east and west are reliant on each other in a lot of economic affairs
We don't live in a world with comic book villains but rather one of realpolitik and pragmatism
The hate boner for China seems a bit red scare when it's a lot more complicated due to the globalist nature of our current international society
Western arms companies have profited a lot of wealth since interference
If any power is to be blamed for the Taliban, it's the Western powers for their interference from the start
And it's not a surprise that making an attempt to not anger the violently militant forces on your border would happen
The Taliban aren't heroes but then China wasn't the one that paid them in the first place or killed civvies in Afghanistan
This mess already started years before during the Soviet-Afghan war when the US decided to pay these people
Genocide is probably not the best idea
I've rethought my position on the IRA since so I'm not contradicting myself
Idk why it suddenly becomes OK when it's a state that does it
When I supported the IRA I was called unbased and cringe
I just generally don't think intentional civilian slaughter is justifiable for any state or anyone
So just take whatever implications that stance has on other related issues
Then that's a more complicated issue that idk if I have the energy to really get into, but on a general level, I'm pro-nuclear disarmament
I wonder how that went down in Yugoslavia
You're just saying you find other people's lives unequal and less valuable because of the geopolitical area they're born into and live in
Or even your existence
That's not defending your values
If you just want to kill civilians for no practical benefit other than having killed lots of people
When it involves intentional civilian slaughter
That's quite the strawman
Because I know at a certain point, it's no longer defence
But I still consider the dropping of the nukes to be a serious war crime
The Japanese were the enemy to me and my ancestors in WW2
Is that what conflict is about to people
So in revenge kill millions of civilians for nothing except revenge?
I disagree with the nukes dropped on Japan, with Dresden, all that
I'm in no support for the CCP but Taiwan will have lost its defensive justification if I found out genocide was intentionally committed
Committing war crimes against a civilian population is a surefire way to make sure they have extra reason to want to have those crimes punished
My family still live in that country
Though I guess it beats having conflict actually play out
Fucking militarism
Right, so we pretty much got a non-nuclear MAD scenario at the time
Which is how it's historically been with dynasties
It'll only fall apart from the inside imo
Tibet has been in resistance since the 50s but haven't broken away yet
I mean just an idea but war crimes might not be the best response to hostile invasion
Probably only if factionalism takes over the CCP imo
What is with people's obsession with genocide
So I think it's fair that anything that gets posted here is subject to discussion and criticism
That's me being genuine btw and not trying to cause problems on purpose, this is called <#336297840529899522> after all
I feel like you have a general habit of just not taking on board anything anyone says and you're just here to drop a statement and then leave
Fandom drama? In my serious channel? /j
Guess I'm having one last blaze before I quit then.
UK folks, would it be a terrible idea to just hand in weed to the cops
Work until I fucking die <:lmao:610135776340213785>
Finish uni, keep working
Do work, do uni
Start work, start uni
It's still stable:
Or maybe I just need something to do, so I'll see how it is when classes start again.
I know that's a weird thing to say but I feel like it's too easy and boring rn
My life is too stable
Is it not incredibly boring to have peace and stability?
This isn't suicidal thoughts or a vent or anything but a genuine question, when you pretty much get to that point in your life where you think "yes, this is what the rest of my life will be like" how do you live?
How do people just, live?
You know who the Nazis were right
And the English language has been reworked so that people are incapable of using language to think anything that would be rebellious
It's a dystopian novel of a future Britain which has controlled and reduced thought by controlling language and information so that people are only able to express and think what they know how to say
1984 is a novel
I have in fact, actually read 1984
Not in terms of, leading towards a fascist state
But I meant in the sense of, reduction of vocabulary and language
It's not because it's not really that severe
I know it's not but it is a bit 1984
Mei God rest yi merry gentlemen
It hasn't needed to, knowing pronouns was enough
If it became relevant then it'd come up in conversation but
Like I said, you never realised I was NB this whole time
If you find that out then that's enough
All you really need to know is someone's pronouns
Melua's thing about names puts it better
Etc
They're he/him pronouns, not "male" pronouns
They're not
It takes divorcing the idea that pronouns are either "male, female or non-binary"
Idk how else to explain it
If it seems confusing, then I'm saying now that in a practical sense, everyone has went along with it with me, even if they didn't realise
Which is correct, but I'm saying everyone here has went along with it without realising
And you've all been using she/her this whole time
Everyone here does realise I'm non-binary right
But binary folks still use they/them as well
They/them aren't "non-binary" pronouns, but they're often used by NB people
Pronouns aren't gender
What I've known people to do in other languages is just come up with neopronouns in their language to make up for the lacsk of gender neutral they
There isn't a gender neutral "they" because "they" is written by having he/her coupled with the plural form
Chinese doesn't suffer from gendered verbs or nouns but the pronouns are another issue
Fascist is a more broad term for an ideology that relies on nationalist authoritarianism
But even ignoring that, it seems the original point was that undermining people's right to healthcare isn't a solution
I personally would not want my medical records checked in such a way because I can think of many ways it would fuck over my career path
And never gets reversed
I think just looking historically it's clear that once any measure became legal to combat a specific incident, it became the norm for all cases after
If corporations became legally allowed to access medical records in such a way it'll do more than just this one positive effect of getting some more people to get vaxxed
> I think your assaults on us not doing enough are completely out of line
Personally this is what I have an issue with as of just now
But I refuse to
Because if we're pulling out who has the bigger activism score, I can play that game
I try not to use it on other people because I know one day, someone who has done more than me will be able to respond back
Because I've done a lot of things, and been backstabbed and burnt by allies
And I don't want to hear "you only don't like it because you know I'm right and you don't do anything"
I don't like this rhetoric and feel it's unnecessary to the discussion at hand when asked for a solution and the solution given was "have people who care become politically active about it"
I'm curious how you'd deal with the new problem created by allowing corporations such a power
Back to this point for me tbh, I think there's already a way to show you've been vaccinated without businesses having access to your medical records
And even if you don't mean me, such measures would affect people like me
It is not my fault that I had to head to therapy for issues that may impact my acceptance into healthcare roles, as it would be subjectively left to each employer looking at my medical history to decide whether I am suitable
...
I'm already trying to feed a family of two
I would die if I was refused jobs based on my medical history lmao
Do you want to take this to DMs?
I could respond with advice, but I feel that's probably not what you're after right now
Not now
So don't do the same thing they  were doing
People within the very movements I've been in have tried to shun and push me out for helping
My Jesus FUCKING Christ, it wasn't just the cops or ISIS either
There's what I suffered for what I've done
There's what I've done
So my cards are on the table now
I can't just sit back and not say anything
But my cards are on the table now
I refuse to play a competition of who's the better activist
So to then accuse everyone of having an alternate motive, or just straight up not really wanting to do anything at all or having ever done anything at all
Even if you don't believe that more people would, you should be able to at least recognise that's the intent
People are disagreeing with you precisely because we don't want more people to die
I'm saying I feel extremely fucking angry at the personal attacks you made
I'm not comparing the people
So do not pull the "you're not doing anything lol"
And I spent a year wondering if another good friend would be coming back home or if I'd find out that ISIS had beheaded him
A valued member of my community died in a fucking *air strike* for a cause
More than twice
Not once
No
I was threatened with arrest once you know
That somehow the disagreement is a reflection of everyone's character and history of actions
But nothing felt shittier than the personal accusations and blame that came after for anyone that disagrees that giving corporations that kind of power is bad
I feel like I'm already constantly policing what I can and can't say
And that's with healthcare info being confidential already
So do I and it's a minefield whenever I'm trying to access healthcare or careers
If you won't fucking listen then I guess it's just a huge fuck me and everyone else here
Fuck me for the sacrifices to my own health I have made to aid political change
Which has always been a real anxiety, prior to this conversation, prior to COVID, etc
Yeah fuck me for having always had the anxiety I could lose my job over my medical history
I'm just waking up so I'm taking a while
Yes
Sometimes with gender fluidity it's useful to go by multiple names and pronouns you switch between, if it works for you ofc
Gender is a fuck
I'm not giving up my sanity and life for this
Because if it's down to either me or the patient, lmao I'm fucking saving myself
Sometimes I'm incredibly close to saying fuck it and just letting people die
I don't get paid either
Nothing except a pisstake
And I got nothing for it
Either way I got home that night and cried, and then cried in the morning
I probably saved that guy's life, I never found out, he may have died for all I know
Taking the piss that I had to deal with someone who had just keeled over while I was on shift, that is
But what I did get was family taking the piss and laughing and then getting mad that I was pissed off with them for doing so
Nobody ever called me a hero for any of this, nor do I really want anyone to because I don't have such an ego
It's not like I didn't know or wasn't told
I was asked once and just didn't
But I didn't, and I might not get to
Jesus fucking Christ I failed
I should've gone
Fuck myself

You know what? If I get asked again, I'll go provide medical support
I was busy that evening so I ended up not going, but
I got a text the other day, for an emergency ASAP callout to the airport but wasn't told why, just that it was a sensitive issue

Isn't there also the thing with Hungary atm
That seems not that unlikely
Rad you joke but
Clearly we need a British Lenin to take control before British Hitler can
Let's just hope we don't go the direction of the Weimar Republic
If the crisis is happening anyway, may as well hope it's one that destroys the stability of the current power?
I don't subscribe to accelerationist theory but...
I think generally, with stock shortages and everything else, it could be a shock to the system
How many are on UC?
And then I will fight in the second civil war for Northumbria <:care_northumbria:841360238040055818>
Maybe the UK will become so unstable that it finally collapses
Accelerationism babyyyyyyyyy
Unless you mean they take on the appearance of being so
Democrats are hardly left wing
The status quo maintained because enough reform was done to prevent radical change
Britain for example hasn't had many successful revolutions afaik which can be partially put down to reform at the right time
It's not entirely far fetched tbf
Gonna take a pic of the supermarket shelves one day and pretend I'm living in Venezuela
EU this EU that how about EU give us some humanitarian aid
Sorry unrelated to previous horse discussion but
Maybe half the server is
I guess?
<:RutileThink:748557987957833788>
https://gizmodo.com/online-trolls-actually-just-assholes-all-the-time-stud-1847575210
But just so people aren't left hanging, I'll talk tomorrow
But it's just not enough of a concern to me rn
Yeah
If people really want to know I might bring it up tomorrow
The moment's passed now and I cba
I wanted to talk hours ago but
I swear it wasn't on purpose
What
Maybe another day
I just realised I no longer feel like talking about it <:lmao:772535650468888597>
This is gonna be really *fucking* annoying of me but
Admittedly, incorrectly
Yes, I was using the two terms interchangeably
I don't get how we've diverged from that original point so much
My entire point, from the very start, is that spaces that appear controversial aren't always necessarily because of trolls
They're someone looking for (good faith) debate, not a troll
But what my point is that
They're just someone looking for debate, and if that's not for me, then I'll keep away personally
I don't really mark that person as someone who's probably interested in friendly casual conversation
Just that if I see someone only participate in controversial discussion
No, I'm not claiming there's a problem with anything
There's not a problem with it
But it makes it appear to be some kind of debate club
Maybe hostile isn't the right word
It makes the space feel like a space for controversy
It's not your place to decide but
But sometimes on the internet, that is all that people do with each other online, and you don't see what else they do
I mean, they can be, maybe they do other things when you're not looking
Would you believe they're friends?
Imagine you see a group of people who seem to do nothing except talk about disagreements
But rather it's perceived as hostile
It's not that it's hostile to disagree
At least, I'd hope so, otherwise our world is just fucked
And that IRL, they're probably less full of disagreement and drama
I think they were just uninterested in talking about anything except disagreements online
It's hard for me to believe that when I joined a leftist server, the entirety of the server were just assholes
I'm not doubting the study, I just don't think the people identified in the study are necessarily the entire reason for this perception of the internet being hostile
But if they're not trolls, then most likely they're nice people IRL
If a group appear to be never involved in anything except controversial discussions, then it probably appears to be a hostile atmosphere
Rather than any specific person
It's more about the "general perception" of the internet
I think it's also good people who just don't really feel like making friends on the internet, and just want a space to discuss really specific things that they can't with IRL people
So when people online are perceived as more hostile, I don't think it's just the trolls identified in the study
Online gives so much flexibility in how, when and where you talk and interact
If someone's mid-talking to you IRL and you just turn around and walk away, that would be weird, but you can do that online
In actual conversation, you'd have to give an indicator that you're done (usually)
But if I were to stop responding to this discussion now, most of you would probably assume I'm either done talking, or busy, or whatever
And etiquette is very generalised, ofc there's specific situations or individuals where it's acceptable
When I say rules, I mean etiquette
Maybe they're not assholes or argumentative IRL, they just have no interest with regard to online interaction.
Because they choose to never show it online
Some people you never see the more casual side of their life and personality
Not just for trolls, is my point.
Social media sets up very different rules for social interaction (obviously) and I think it can facilitate a lot of hostility in such a way.
There's a chance that people will notice you just slipped out without saying, and unlike discord, they probably won't think "oh probably just can't reply to messages rn"
Yes, you can do it, but it's weird is my point
*slightly controversial is mentioned.
Whereas what this would look like in an IRL group is me standing to one corner, and then jumping into a random conversation as soon as anything even lsigh
Or just, choose not to talk anywhere except serious discussion, that's also socially acceptable.
And that's socially acceptable.
Stop replying
On discord though, I could literally just
That's the thing, you have to tell people you're leaving, you can't just slip away unnoticed most of the time.
It's socially acceptable to not really be seeking to make casual conversation or friends, because when you get off Discord, people assume you're doing something else with your time. Meeting someone IRL, you can't just abandon them mid-meetup.
If I were to go to a meetup, it would be incredibly socially awkward if I stood in one corner and only talked to people anytime a serious topic comes up, but that's not the case with Discord for example.
It doesn't help especially that the internet isn't say, like an IRL community group, so selectively opting into certain discussions is much easier.
I really do think some of the time, when someone is perceived as an asshole, it's not because they're a troll but because they're emotionally standing by a position.
Idk I feel like this isn't *entirely* true, unless it really specifically just means trolls, but reading the article felt like it was almost describing all hostile behaviour.
If I say "wow Kanade's death made me sad" that's not politicised
Talking about what you like and don't like about shows you watch
You're fine, and a bit of drama shouldn't discourage you
And part of talking about a show can include what you don't like about it
And that's OK
Some people just don't like NSFW content, or specific NSFW
You didn't
But I agree that how heated it's previously been will have influenced it
I still think what *just* happened now should still be taken by its case with accountability
You know, fair point, yeah
But I don't find it acceptable to respond to someone talking about how they feel personally about a kind of anime scene with "stop being discursive"
Because I know some people are set in their opinions, so I'm trying to take an agree to disagree approach
I've tried to back off on the discourse over time
When it wasn't even the subject in the first place
I don't know how someone can reply to Akiko with "y'all need to get off twitter" and not expect it to invite loli discourse
*about Akiko
Maybe a couple others did add onto it but I'm speaking specifically to Akiko, who was replied to about it, which set this whole thing off
Not at first, anyway
Admittedly yes, but this isn't one of those times
To then accuse everyone else of harassment for this
Personal boundaries, I should say
And I don't think it's exactly fair on people to have discourse projected onto their own personal feelings
No relation to discourse
There's no hostility in the original message
"Just realized how awkward a shower scene is when the two gals are 15."
The original message in question that started all this:
It's not your fault if someone wants to read hostility into everything everyone says
Akiko you didn't do anything wrong
But this wasn't one of those times
Sometimes loli discourse has come up sometimes, yes
If you want everyone to just, never talk about how they feel about certain things
Idk what you want people to do about it
Because nobody was in that discussion
Don't just play the victim and claim everyone's harassing you
It's just personal discomfort that people have and not really necessary to start an argument over
Carolnein didn't like that some people are uncomfortable with sexual content of underage characters, and then claimed it was because everyone's on twitter too much
I think the way I interpret "hostile" in regard to the article is that the question is "why does it look like people on the internet argue so much"
I think it's just that some spaces are just going to be controversial, and some people are specifically interested in controversial discussions, without acting in bad faith or being assholes
But the article's conclusion that it's what makes the internet appear controversial (which is what I believe they meant by an atmosphere of hostility), I disagree slightly with
I have no doubt genuine trolls are assholes IRL too
I don't disagree with the study still
I think that's where the confusion lies
I'll just let them say in this channel if they want, but if they don't I'll still be in contact and updated
My bad
Ah
They're still in this server
They are?
A lot of shit happened for them lately so they're not feeling the best but I'll keep in contact
We're still in contact
Reaching into private life with the force of the law doesn't historically work so well
I would instead fund incentives for healthier behaviour such as community centre activities, parenting programmes etc
It is an issue because restrictions historically aren't the best way to tackle societal issues
My step-dad legit said to me
And then they don't want to pay welfare or childcare for the new parent
Pro-life folks are only pro-life until the baby is born
But there's being smart about it as well
You're being extremely based and it's hard to disagree with you, and I don't think I do
Because assault and murder are crimes in so many cases, but creating strong community networks isn't
It's a lot easier if you think about it from the perspective of how to protect good people and not how to punish bad people
So they can personally protect themselves
Yes, but you can make sure everyone else is aware of what happened
Is what I'm doing keeping people safe? Is what I'm doing going to highlight their mistake?
Personally if I want to react against someone's action, it would depend on if there's any practical reason beyond revenge
That's very vague but things like that, there's always gonna be someone who disagrees with what you do
Is this about crime and punishment in general, and criminal rights?
But obviously you don't have to
I saw the deleted message and if you still want to get it out, I'm reading
Pretty sure I raised my fist to him and then lowered it back down
I have never wanted to punch him so hard ever before
That women who have abortions then (rape) ||deserve to be raped||
The 99% will
We are the 99% though
It's easy to give up hope but I'd say it's self-defeating to do so
Collective power, I mean
And a lot more people would be willing to do that than you'd think, if given the resources and power
You just need enough good people willing to stand up and protect society, rather than a strong authority
Deplatforming works and can prevent violence
Deplatforming works
And if the police had allowed it to continue, they risked allowing violence to break out
Sure, they *technically* have the right to protest, but the police wouldn't allow it because there were too many of us counter-protesting
The reason their march got called off was because there were too many of us
To not just respect their right to free speech, but cause enough of a problem to make their right to assembly impractical
That is why enough of us have to point it out as not normal
It's always about proportionate force
If all else fails then yeah, violent self-defence is necessary, I agree
As long as you can get a strong enough community to have zero tolerance towards such attitudes, those people won't be confident enough to do anything about it
And regular people who weren't part of the protest were opposed to their presence as well
Enough people cared about the cause to show up to oppose and protest their march and shut it down and drowned out their voices
What drove the fascists out without violence in my city was that our community was strong enough to resist them
If fascists are confident enough to start violence then you've already failed quite significantly
Most significantly, that we failed to prevent their numbers and organisation and that we failed to be enough of a deterrent
If violence broke out, it would mean several things have failed
Because there was a strong enough opposition presence to prevent them causing any harm or impact
In my city, we've driven out fascists without violence
To the point that people don't even know who he is now
"Who" is the best reaction that could ever have happened
And the way I see it is, if violence breaks out, you've already failed many steps along the way to get to that point
I've had actual experience in anti-fascist action
And that's what I meant by focusing on protection rather than punishment
And what Solo just said too
In proportionate self-defence I'd agree
So I don't disagree with you, but there's a way to be smart about it
It's impractical to hunt down every Nazi or what have you, but it's a lot more realistic and achievable to have a zero tolerance community that makes being openly racist a very difficult life
A lot of people are still gonna be racist but what matters is making sure they can't impact society with it
Anarchists have historically always been very armed
You don't have to be an authoritarian to have agreed rules, and guns
I don't think whatever ISIS terrorists were on the other end of the bullets cared whether my friend was an authoritarian or not
That's not an issue with lack of authoritarianism though
You don't need authoritarianism to prevent harmful behaviour like that
It's impossible if everyone thinks like that
It was a collective force that brought them in line in the end, not an authoritarian power
Their last stronghold
He, alongside many volunteers, fought in the city of Raqqa against ISIS forces
My friend was in the battle of Raqqa, fun fact
Do people know how ISIS fell?
It might be useful just to talk about how it feels, the experience and then find out how other people navigate it
Since you can't really be physically NB
NB is kind of that
I mean
Np just letting you know in case you're interested
The conversation just happened above already lmao
Still a problem, but I guess one that just runs deeper
It is scary how unstable and volatile such services can be when they feel so essential
But to reduce it down to that is a bad take, I would say same with 9/11
You could argue remembrance Day for WW1 is also propaganda
People who remember a world before 9/11 probably remember a very different climate
It was an event that marked the start of 21st century
And we should remember 9/11, even if in a new capacity
9/11 created justification for the war on terror, but it's not purely propaganda
It's just natural, you could probably argue
I don't think 9/11 is remembered specifically just because it's imperialist, but because it's just a general trend for how people collectively remember such things
We have a memorial Day very centred around WW1 across Europe
Columbine is one of the most memorable school shootings
9/11 was the most significant of its kind (terrorist attack)
I brought up the 9/11 post so I'll give my thought
Thoughts?

I think I need to think about a lot
Lockdown has already fucked it for one year
I will deteriorate physically over time, lose my muscle memory
Sports don't wait for you
Video game save files stay constant, friends can usually understand if you're busy
The problem is I'll deteriorate
Or even go back to sports I did before lockdown
This breakdown caused by realising I cannot take on new sports
But for at least a few months, I won't have a life
But I'd have to see if I can get the rest of the credits I need at a later date
I can get a postgrad diploma and drop out, I know that much
Not a bad idea
That's
That is why a full-time job, with my given situation, would be a significantly noticeable increase in free time
It's not very compatible indeed
There is an if because I'm gonna be homeless and starve to death without that job soon after
I'm doing a full-time masters degree (which has more credits in a year than an undergrad), a part-time job, a volunteer role (that requires at least one meeting from me every week), regular healthcare commitments that sometimes take me out the county for a whole day
Consider my full situation
A full-time job does
I have the savings to complete one year of studies, and then I need to find a full-time job soon after if I want to keep living
I can't afford to do part-time masters, I don't have the money to last 2 years
Especially if it means I don't literally die
I don't think my SO would care a lot about whether I have a masters or not
For an entire year
I'm not gonna get to have a life
But also I don't want to spend another 2 years at uni on a part-time
I'm thinking about my future this year and I'm getting incredibly frustrated at the idea of a full-time master's degree
Why should I get one
Who has masters degrees
And it does eventually end up being an uncomfortably middle class insult of poor people
The classist implications of it were pointed out to me, which led me to thinking about the stereotype of rednecks
So anyone who was in a hoodie and tracksuit, I would consider a chav
But it's apparently an acronym for "council housed and violent"
Well no, I didn't call poor people chavs
It was after a friend told me to reconsider calling poor people "chavs" in the UK
Yeah a couple years ago I started wondering about the whole redneck stereotype
But lines still have to be drawn imo
I don't have a lot of sympathy with Bri*ish jokes, when they started going round on Twitter my first thought was "glad it's turned around now"
They don't, but people love to joke about punishing an entire population for its government failures
It's not so much about it targeting English people so much as I see it being used in so many ways, and then people are gonna claim it's not racist because they were just talking about the country and not ethnicity
France polling as the least LGBT+ friendly European country? "we should nuke France"
A lot of people pull the same shit towards any country that fucks up and it's a bit <:MikuWorry:672908523495227432>
I'm not Anglo-Saxon but I don't think joking about genocide is the way
Depression memes are maybe the only ones I'd give a pass to
And maybe some people have said things they do are bipolar when it's just literally having a day get better or smth
Autism, ADHD and schizophrenia as pisstakes
OCD being used to claim literally everything is OCD when someone doesn't have OCD
Depression often memed as a coping mechanism
And schizophrenia ofc
Most frequent ones I've seen are depression, ADHD, autism, OCD and bipolar
And at least one disorder has to be a meme at all times
They're more frequent lately from what I'm seeing
Did everyone just get bored of calling everything OCD
Seeing a large amount of schizophrenia memes and posts
It was probably a vent
This wasn't really something problematic or controversial so I didn't really see any harm in it
As someone who as called it out in the past, I've only found issue if it was controversial topic
Again I don't think this is worth it
I don't think this is worth arguing over
It is dystopian as hell
If I decided to just quit Facebook, I'd be quitting my job too
I get unit meeting updates through Facebook
I cannot leave Facebook, literally
Facebook is also far reaching into essential
I guess with Twitter, if one tweet is relevant then the entire thread will be filled with them
Twitter, yes
Schizophrenia memes make me feel like a freak, more than I already do
I don't have bipolar, autism, ADHD or OCD but I'm generally against trivialising and taking the piss on principle
That relies on good faith of a lot of government
We can't just go to war like how it used to be
Besides in today's world, the way the economy and stuff works makes it impractical
I've had to be firm with misbehaviour before, as a youth worker
That consequences for unprofessional behaviour means that absolutely *nothing* is allowed anymore
But that appears to be what a lot of those people I highlighted seem to imply
Not that anyone here has done it
And the strawmanning that goes on with a lot of the other side in these things is disgusting
Just that it should be handled professionally
Nobody is saying nothing should be done
Especially if you're ND
Even at teen years, sometimes it can be really hard to communicate properly
*I've worked with kids*
Not only that
It's because personal experience
So if I seem to be very strongly in disagreement
This was after I had called the cops on my dad due to years of physical abuse
I was yelled at for poor academic performance
I was one of those kids who was brought into a headteacher's meeting
I'd think the main lesson kids would take away from this is that uncontrolled behaviour is OK if you're an authority, and so they wouldn't challenge it if it was their boss at work
It's someone going off and swearing and calling kids slurs
This wasn't just a teacher giving kids some real talk about what consequences there are
Did anyone actually read the article
It's not OK
16 year olds
Apart from practical argument, it's also just cruel to call kids slurs
It's the first line of the article
As soon as we start disregarding such things then we're losing civilisation
The law, professional standards, all such things exist so that we have a social contract that maintains as much fairness and rationality as possible with a population that can be very irrational
I feel like this is just conservative boomers getting a slight spark of joy that their political attitudes were exposed to kids a little
And then calling them a bunch of snowflakes
Which the article says he used
||Retard|| is
People would've called it unprofessional
In literally any job, it wouldn't have been so OK to do this
Calling kids slurs is never OK
Dealing with behaviour is necessary yes
Gonna try hiding articles like this and hope the algorithm gets the message
It's probably personalised and targeted towards me
When I remember why I don't browse Facebook so much anymore
🤡

https://metro.co.uk/2021/09/17/essex-teacher-suspended-after-foul-mouthed-assembly-rant-15275150/?ito=facebook|social|metroukfacebook
Been there, done that
Anyway, don't lose it at work, even if you think your reasons are justified
The teacher losing it like he did is indefensible, even if the emotions can be empathised with
But I don't say "you ||autistic|| piece of shit, you wouldn't last a day in a scrap with me" (ableism)
I've had to tell kids before stuff like "if you don't stop fighting, we can't let you play here because it's not fair on other kids"
You're just trying to make them feel as shitty as possible in revenge
At a certain point you're not trying to correct behaviour
Not once did I ever feel like putting them down emotionally for it though
Some kids acted up and would even get violent
I mean specifically in the relationship between state and general public
Crime is a whole other angle to the debate
Not for overthrowing
Although I would argue it's at least effective in a defensive capacity
It was a partial joke
<:eucgun:706751425786544139>
Keep your rifle by your side
It's a whole thing that I haven't got a lot of time to explain
It's been tried under other ideologies
As is communism, yes
I'm great
Me
This sounds like a meme but it's not
Because then they can't sell more light bulbs
But they don't
They can make light bulbs that last practically for eternity
It's the same reason why light bulbs blow out after some time
Planned obsolescence
We're not at the point where any state is unstable enough for it
Guerrilla warfare is unlikely in a lot of western nations as they are now imo
But it's not about doing something as one person but as a group
A lot of people ask "what can I do being just one person"
That's only if you look at it very individualistically
I've always been more for the general strike and such
It's not a means of societal change ofc
I'm not under any illusion that the BBP were ready to throw a coup
But I also don't doubt the results that the BPP achieved during their time
I don't doubt that gun crime is more in countries with looser gun laws
And if there's not really many representations of diverse body types as sexy, then that's the expression of what the culture considers to be a good look
Stereotypical sexy depictions of characters is either inadvertently or intentionally marketing to people that there is a sexy body type
As with most things, I'd say it's incentives and promotion of other depictions and representations to balance out media that would help rather than suppression of media that uses sexualisation
But a grey area still means there's some downsides and negatives, and it's important to not be under any illusion that they don't exist
It is a grey area
Feeling
Because I'm still doing something
And I don't want effort anymore
But everything requires effort
Not just in the sense of having a job
I have to work
I just don't want to do anything at all
I hate travelling and having to spend time and energy enjoying things
I hate working to earn money for things I enjoy
I'm trying to get out of a situation where I have to do anything at all
I'm not trying to get out of a bad situation
Get into my dream job that I've wanted since I was a kid
Finish university
To make good food, get therapy, live with my partner
To do all that
Even quit weed
Did all that I'm supposed to
Graduated
Moved in with my partner
Got a job
Went to therapy
Took up sports
I started learning new recipes to cook
What stopped me was giving myself a year or two to get better
I've been thinking about this for the past 2 years
But I doubt anyone here can do much
Which defeats the point
If people know then there's a chance my plans can be stopped
And keep the other eye dry
I'm in public so I'm having to hide one eye with my fringe
Thank god I can cry out of just one eye
I'm so tired
I wasn't supposed to say anything and let my own death speak for itself but
It's too late because plans have already been set in motion for me for a while now
The end isn't today but it's near for me
The point of life is just to make it as stress free as possible until you won't have to experience stress or literally anything ever again
It's what they've been working towards
Because deep down they know that to be at the end, to no longer have to feel or experience anything again
Everyone looks forward to the day until they can retire
Even those with "good lives" are just waiting until they can retire and die
But I think it's all pretty clear to me
Listen to me, don't listen to me, whatever
What happens to me next personally won't be so easily dealt with
I hope the admins and mods have fun doing whatever they want to do in response to this because it'll be the bit of control y'all will have over this situation
So now it's all real clear to me in a way that other people who haven't got to this point yet won't see
Socialise with more people than I ever have
Drink less than I used to
I eat healthy, exercise regularly, quit drugs
And it hasn't "got better"
I've been on antidepressants, therapy, HRT, romantic relations with living together, a job I love, graduation
Even with all that it doesn't "get better" I'm telling you now
It's all a fucking lie
Financial stability
Even your dream career
It doesn't matter if you get a degree, a partner, therapy, a social life
Anyone who tells you it gets better is lying to you and themselves
It doesn't get better
My whole life is just one continuous "keep it together" while everything goes wrong around me and everyone
People only like me when I can keep it together
Like it wasn't worth what I was getting paid or what I was doing for people
(Literal shit) ||Someone shat all over the toilet seat and bathroom at work one time and I had to clean it up||
Sometimes I wonder about intentionally disabling myself to get others to pull weight
I don't like it if I'm only worth something to people when taking care of myself
Do people just like talking to me because I can be so trouble free
I don't want to be used as the "friend who can be talked to without having to take care of anything"
No
"Nooo Robin don't break down you're supposed to be the emotionally stable one"
THING
FUCKING
EVERY
I DO EVERYTHING
I'M FUCKING SICK OF IT
I have to do EVERYTHING
It's OK for everyone else to do everything except me
And a "good friend"
Because I'm sick of holding back to be polite to people
I will fight as much as I fucking want
At least I don't take it out by trying to instigate arguments with random discord users and Twitter
Yeah sure judge ahead
But the way I'm going now I have a long life ahead of me
Sometimes I wonder if things were easier when I believed I was gonna die early
I'm tired
I've already done so much
To build it, and to maintain what I already have now
I have to put the work into it
And now I do and idk if I like it
I wasn't supposed to have a future
I can't deal with this
It's highly likely I'll have ruined several relationships from having said anything today
But I don't
Sometimes I feel like I do know
Because I don't know
That's why last time I decided I just wasn't gonna say anything
Yes, and I sometimes wondered if I should even be saying anything
Whatever happens, I'm just glad I was able to save many more lives as well, before mine goes out, either naturally or whatever
And let's say "the end is later" means in 30 years time
I won't be around to know you don't
I only have to choose death once
Thing is, life has to be chosen every second
I've still got many years ahead of me for it
But I'm sure it will come eventually
The end is later
And it's not happening today
It is
It only hurts to think about people grieving when I'm alive
I'd be too dead to care or even know
Maybe other people would be sad but
I wouldn't be worried or scared about being dead because I would be too dead to care
Idk that sounds like heaven to me tbh
People say heaven doesn't exist and that when you die there's just nothing
All this effort and I can now rest
I'll be thinking to myself fucking finally
I am actually convinced that if I die of old age
I know that was bad timing
I just straight up don't want to have to exist, think and feel
I don't want to do anything
But I don't want to
And then grab a coffee even
Splash out on the most expensive sundae they have
I literally have so much money I can just go buy ice cream right now on a whim from the ice cream parlour
But I'm tired
Well I'm reaping the rewards
The idea of having to put in the work and effort now to reap the rewards later
Getting cuddles from my partner requires a stable job to maintain our living conditions
Airsoft days and range days have a monetary fee and a time requirement
Feeling good requires scheduling it a lot of the time and putting the work into feeling good
Being somewhere else "doing nothing" where I specifically scheduled the time, place and environment to do nothing
As in, rather than being at home "doing nothing" where I'm feeling like I should be doing something
Not really meditation but would achieve the same thing
And I have sometimes thought about productively doing nothing
You're not wrong
People only want me around them when I can take care of myself
That's the thing
Today was supposed to be a good day
Maybe even outlive you
Your "perpetually self-maintaining" buddy is gonna live
Is that what everyone wanted to hear
Because there's still so much work to be done
The end is never
The end isn't later
I'LL LIVE TO TWENTY FUCKING SHITDICK GAZILLION
EVERYONE STILL NEEDS ME TO DO SHIT SO I WON'T DIE
I WON'T KILL MYSELF BECAUSE I NEED TO DO EVERYTHING
I'LL DO EVERYTHING
IT'S O FUCKING KAY EVERYONE
And I'll still say "it's OK I'll do it"
My partner can literally forget to cook our dinner while I'm out and say "oops I'm sorry"
I exist to be easy to deal with
I am surrounded by people who appear only OK with my existence when I'm not causing a scene or raising issues
I'll just get it done and over with
So I won't be rude
I just need to show my papers then leave
I thought "I'll keep my mouth shut"
And the lady at the desk talked back at me
I was ever so mildly passive aggressive when the NHS threatened to deport me
People have no fucking clue this was a long time coming
So I don't say anything
Understand that others are human
You must forgive people right
"Maybe they got something going on" "Maybe it's an honest mistake"
So I don't
It's rude to get mad at people
But no
Can anyone around here do something right for once
My fucking god
Even my first fucking shift as a medic was "keep it together" while my useless as fuck colleagues FORGOT TO TAKE THE FUCKING PULSE OF AN UNCONSCIOUS PATIENT
Based as hell
Just the key lock itself
The only thing I can think Miku means is that a bolt or chain isn't used to lock the door from the inside
Yeah the point is that by "unlocked" people just open the door and walk in
A lot of the time it's freshers
More like 18
Why do people do this
Why would you do this
It seems this might've been because they left their front door unlocked

I just need to properly look at what my career opportunities are
I'm not permanently fucked for the future
Fucked, unless I drop out now and get onto a full time job and then build up the funds to pursue the correct training and education
I'm fucked
I'd have to pay money for another course accredited by the registration body here
I still can't be a counsellor or therapist
It's that there's no opportunities if I finish this
It's not that I can't do it
I think I might need to drop out
University is a scam
The best way I can word it is that, I didn't like that it was a thing to be laughed at for some people
Idk it's hard to explain what exactly I'm uncomfortable with
I'm cool, but what I did was not cool
For everyone else who responded differently, I can't really blame you for being mad but it's clear that we probably won't like each other so I'm not sure I feel like talking here regularly again if I now carry this image of being the asshole of the server
So, thank you to the people who did have concern and I'm sorry for the way it was done
I wanted to at least be somewhat mature after the immature display and at least give everyone an update instead of going silent again
My life is stress, but I can still manage a way out of it, but I'm not in the best place to socialise
I'm trying to find out how I can get into some kind of decent full time permanent job but it's not that easy
I have two mouths to help feed, my own and my partner's
I dropped out of my master's programme and finding work is hard and not successful rn
But my life is at a weird point rn
I'm not gonna die
So anyway just to put questions to rest
It's a blanket thing
I'm still talking here because I want to be left alone, not continually be maliciously silent and ignoring people
Yes and no
Inb4 someone says "your nickname says you want to be left alone yet you're still talking here lmao"
But some funny comment about how I'm still in the emote server or whatever else doesn't feel like the most mature response back
Be annoyed at me for what I did, you should be and have a right to be
And I stand by this on principle
I should've been more specific about what exactly made me uncomfortable, it was the sarcastic responses to what was a bad decision made out of a difficult time in life
And people are allowed to be annoyed,  no surprise there
No "but" to follow up with there
You're right and it was compassionate of you to care and to be worried about me and that it was a bad move
I'm here because I realised I miss the emotes and the leaving could've been done better but maybe don't do that next time
I just want to say that I'm not comfortable with my leaving having been speculated on and rumoured about with comments made about it
Words have definition sure but if someone adamantly says they're not trans, well, no point arguing
(still don't want to be bothered but given the I assume lack of NB people here I felt I should say something)
But some people are just gonna say they're not trans and idk why but there's really no big deal about it
If we're going by the definition of "trans" meaning your gender ID is different to assigned at birth then all NB people who aren't male or female are trans
It's more about creating the idea of a perfect citizen than anything to do with being gay?
Wait so
This seems to be the one thing that has stuck through the ages
Even Mao's administration was homophobic
And even if they're defining themselves by how not Maoist they are
For a party that heavily defined itself as being a breakaway from old tradition
One thing I want to know is why it's moral degradation
I'm not entitled to your support sure, but then just please ignore me and move on then instead of making cheap jabs
It's nobody's responsibility to deal with me during breakdowns, but if you don't want to be supportive then just don't be anything
So my bad for implying people were in the wrong for worrying
So not really a huge amount of concern for me
Right
Should I be concerned
But in terms of safety and data
So what does this mean for everyone who uses FB
Right
So data got leaked?
OK what the hell
It's just that there's a "bad" way to write broken English
Yes? Although that isn't the main focus of my issue
Because you could accidentally caricaturise an ethnicity
Yes
Otherwise you get someone writing broken English that sounds like a cringe caricature
And someone who actually speaks in such a way is probably better informed on it
After all, it still has to draw from sentence structure and grammar of one language or the other
But there is arguably a "natural" way it works
My point is just that mixing two languages as a way of speaking is most likely not uncommon
Nobody in HK says "bye" in Chinese anymore but literally says "bye"
It's common among Chinese-westerners and some Hong Kong folk
It's not unique to Spanish either, Chinglish exists
Spanglish advised on by people who actually use and know something about Spanglish is probably good
Sometimes some people are not worth being nice to, so the alternative is to just distance and disassociate from them as peacefully as possible
But you don't have to be aggressive either
You don't have to be nice to people
The Panama papers were released and nothing happened
Fuck all is gonna happen
Good luck
6pm is a bit early imo to say goodnight but idk no harm in that, just not something I'd say around here
<:KEKW:706602105531793492>
That might convince him you speak Chinese and then invite him to say something you won't get
If you want to be really high level you could say see you tomorrow but
That'll be sufficient
You can just say it back
But it basically is goodnight
More literally translated to "safe evening"
晚安 means goodnight
As in, does he say that in the evening?
Evening?
But not as much as everyone always assumes me to
Yes
So why not do that with language as well
Afaik sometimes it's good practice to consult veterans or whatever on particular settings and themes
It's pretty standard anyway across a lot of media to do this for everything
Rather than someone who actually understands anything about the language
I can't really explain it other than, if I were to hear it, I would think someone was writing a racist impression
With all my experience in health and social care I can't get a job
With my degree I can't get a job
I'm not finding a job
(Fully aware I'm just catastrophising, make this into a discussion about the usefulness of university or whatever)
Do your research everyone, make sure you don't get scammed by university
Just a question now of whether it'll be starvation of weather exposure or crime that gets to me first
I'm slowly accepting my death ngl
I'm probably gonna die
School was shit for me too but if I stuck by everything school taught me then that would mean the world is full of gaslighting fucks who will never hold respect for me (and while I'm more over it than not, it has affected adult relationships for me, including work)
Which is what happens with everyone, that's not really unnatural but if you stick by it forever and never learn to deal with it, especially in adult life, it's going to seriously affect adult relationships and you'll receive the consequences of a self-fulfilling prophecy
I feel like you've had a closed set of experiences because of school and it's caused you to develop core beliefs about the way the world must work
And to head to therapy to deal with those core beliefs you've built up now when you can
I don't really know what advice anyone here can give except to understand that what's happening directly around you doesn't correlate to the entirety of the world and society
Because plenty of people live fulfilling lives with a significant amount of outdoors time and in-person interaction and it's pretty common, so to believe otherwise would make me think there's more of an issue with personal outlook than how the world actually is
I'd seriously consider if this issue is more inward than outward
^Exactly that tbh, I don't see what's wrong with using the internet as a tool beyond thinking it's bad just because it's the internet
It's unrealistic and unhealthy to see using the internet in any capacity as inherently bad as well
I kind of get if this is a vent, but I also feel like you're running circles with this and nobody here can really fix your issue if you don't or can't do anything about it for the moment, all I can say is that there are plenty of people who exist that don't deal with this so to believe there's no other alternative is a self-fulfilling prophecy
The other thing I wonder is if you can even do anything about it rn because afaik you're still in school and limited in freedom for now
It's a self-fulfilling prophecy to believe in
Not to sound harsh but I do wonder what you're doing about it personally, other than believing there's nobody else in the world who'll value IRL interactions
Because I don't get this issue and I see plenty of people who don't either
You come in here regularly with this and I wonder if it's just because you've not found anything yourself
People got a lot of justifiable reasons to hate the conservatives
Not that I advocate terrorism or assassination but
Is a Tory
Catholic tithes yes
Just so happens they choose psychotic symptoms to portray that kind of idea
If I was scared to shit I don't think I'd be thinking or behaving rationally anymore
Well tbf I don't think it'd be that far removed from reality
At least, people's stereotypes of mental illness are probably what they think "when someone gets too scared" is
But horror genre it fits in quite well to equate mental illness with fear
A cancer meter doesn't really make sense in almost any context
Comes with the horror genre I gues
Those insanity meters are an example of it, but it's really a broader issue that happens everywhere
I'm not sure what to say about it other than it's just a thing that happens with mental illness in general tbh
Those are a bit more on the nose about it yeah
It's more so that "this is a highly unusual situation that causes hallucinations"
And insanity meters are not usually "this person lives with psychosis and this worsens their symptoms"
A lot of mental illnesses can have psychotic symptoms
Idk because psychosis is a pretty broad one
I mean as a game mechanic it's sometimes interesting
It's kind of the stereotype insanity
Schizophrenic or just absolutely correct and based about the world?
Ofc they would
Obviously the majority of people who haven't just heard my side of the story disagree but
To me that's perfectly rational
All I know is that I have a huge distrust in authority and professionalism that has more than twice led me to kick off and get violent at people and objects
God knows
Nope
And I could be but I assume I would be aware of it, unless I'm in so deep and convinced myself that I don't realise what I believe is absolutely wack
I assumed it was jokes about hallucinations of any kind in general
I didn't assume it was about psychosis
<@!84811738653929472>
But sure
Or at least not that I'm aware of
I don't have psychosis
Old news but yeah
Which is why we were instructed to treat it as if it was loaded with live rounds and to aim to the side of someone rather than directly at them
This is where I had the assumption
This is after having multiple safety measures already in place, such as modified magazines that can only physically load in blanks (they're too small to fit live rounds), having a muzzle block in place at the end to prevent anything at all from being shot out the barrel etc
During tactical training we were always instructed to aim to the side of the enemy, not directly at them
I know Narcos does
Airsoft guns are sometimes used on set
And arguably even earlier on with whoever chose a real gun for this
The point is the fault will always lie with whoever loaded it
So why they used an actual gun for that is beyond me because it's incompatible with weapon handling rules
And basic weapon handling rules would state that you shouldn't have a gun pointed at anyone at all times, even with blanks
So whether this is accidental discharge or not, someone will have fucked up beforehand by loading a live round
Accidental discharge is a thing, but the live round is usually loaded on purpose on those cases
Unless someone loaded one in
There's no possible way a gun can accidentally shoot a live round
If there was a live round chambered then it's human error
But I can't imagine the majority of movies needing anything more than the standard AK and M4
If they have the money to buy real guns they got the money to buy either existing airsoft guns or I would assume maybe get the frame for one made
But I assume that's normally edited in anyway
The sound would just need to be edited in, and the flash
Gas operated means they have a functioning bolt and everything
You can't accidentally load real rounds
They're pretty much 1:1 replicas, including in weight
You can use Airsoft guns as props
I'm fully aware
Yes
If you want to solve a complex issue like this you're better off dealing with the source than trying to talk semantics about whether it's immoral or not
And saying "not yet" doesn't change what is happening now
And my point is that even so, it cannot be equated
It sounds like the implication is that there's gonna be a race war
Because it sounds like it
Is this some race war scaremongering shit
Because one group is disproportionately attacked
But they're not equal in practice
White people committed genocide of them
Native Americans died, Outside
I don't think you know shit about the experience of ethnic minorities
And if I bitched about white people in school, the assumption is people would agree and side with me?
Are you white?
Think about who holds power in this world, white supremacists would sooner kill us all than let that happen
This is weird kind of scare mongering because that won't happen in our current world
Ethnic minorities will become a majority?
The meme says one thing but the reality is that it's not white women that are being oppressed for being white
The Nazis were a majority that had the power to do such a thing over a minority
Is this a reverse racism take
If I make black people jokes in private that doesn't make it less racist
Privately doing it doesn't really make it better
I can't see the thing she's doing as anything but racist so I'd say that's direct harm
It's like putting on a straw hat and buck teeth
What the actual fuck I can't see how nobody can look at this and not think it's incredibly racist
I would just say if a joke feels harmful you can say without having to compare it to another group that oppresses the former
And, being not Native American, I wasn't gonna say anything in this case
Any kind of "this is just like X" I usually avoid, especially if it's not something that affects me
I take equal issue with vegans who compare the meat industry to the Holocaust
I have this blanket stance on everything, I'm not being nitpicky
I've shared my distaste for "we should just nuke [country]" jokes here but I avoid going on to say it's "just as bad as X"
It's the comparisons you made that set off red flags for me, not that you didn't like it
Is what I got from it
You don't like genocide jokes in general because it reminds you of a national trauma
Everything everyone said was in the context of the US
Yeah that sounds like whataboutism to point out other nations
This
I'm a pragmatist, I prefer to focus on the tangible effects and consequences of something than the moral argument about it
But one black humour joke isn't equal to the deaths and genocide that are happening *now,* enabled by the people who make light of it
Black humour can be considered distasteful, unnecessary, whatever you want to call it
What Ardania said
I meant that equating that anger to existing white supremacy is just not true
I didn't think you don't
He's better off focusing effort on why people make these jokes (anger at white supremacy)
My point was if Outside wants these kinds of jokes to stop
Obligatory "I'm not racist, my partner's white, my friends are white"
I'll "be done with it" the day that white people stop giving me shit
Because I was bullied for not being white, and still am harassed on the street
I can't just "be done with it"
Because Outside appears to think I'm disagreeing
Probably meant Lectric
Revenge is an act of human nature, while the law's purpose is to keep human nature in check
That capital punishment as revenge is contrary to the purpose of the law
The philosophical argument works for me
Agree
I think this is less about building a perfect world and more about shit that happened to you as a kid or whatever else
You're letting your life and purpose be dictated by traumatic experiences
I've gotten a lot of shit growing up but don't feel like this constantly
If you still feel so strongly about it that you want to murder people that sounds like something for therapy
And the consequence of this is that people die because of it
Agreeing with the death penalty puts something very complex into too simplified of an approach
Afaik we both know why this makes Lily uncomfortable
I'm inclined to agree but I think some tact and sensitivity is needed here Matt
I've had people vent to me and I would think to myself "I don't get it, why is this stressful"
That sometimes it's just not easy to understand it because someone's operating off of different values, even if it's not a conflict
Yeah, just bringing it into a broader perspective, beyond this channel
(Yes I'd like to have this separate discussion)
I've tried to be more self-aware of it, sometimes I don't understand why someone would be so upset over something and I try to think about how what they value in their life might be different
But that's a separate discussion
I don't disagree but I don't think it's likely to happen with how different people prioritise values, which directly influences the way they discuss a topic
I'd accept this isn't the right hill to die on and move on
It shouldn't be a hot take to say "hey those people we used to like we're actually kind of shitty"
I found Frank and idubbbz funny at the time but can acknowledge in hindsight a lot of it was not OK
They're onto quantum mechanics when I haven't even worked out gravity
If I just straight up don't understand what possible core beliefs and values someone might be viewing a situation with, it'll be a pretty difficult time to work out what they're saying
Especially when I called ahead of time and also was initially asked when is best for me anyway
Or rather, is it more common that rescheduling is allowed than not
Will they most likely do so?
What happens if I have to reschedule a job interview
I need advice
Sorry to interrupt but
The article isn't actually that weird
Yes, yes it is
I assume it means in dealing with their rights as being exploited for drugs
But rather how we believe science should be
That to say we base justifications on science isn't wholly accurate
You get what I mean though
Which is what everyone who's irreligious does
But a question of the morality of the use of science
The designer babies argument is not one that is "science"
Genetic engineering of humans
That one is held by a lot of people in general
Fine, cure for autism
Conversion therapy being an example
They often think they're doing it "for their own good"
These people think they're doing the least harm
Because their beliefs about science's purposes can be eugenicist
This is how atheists can still be really fucking ableist at times
But rather what their moral interpretation of science is
But it's not science itself
That it's not necessarily a religion exclusive thought process
But the way I saw this is "people use religion to justify their practices" so I respond with "people without religion use individual core beliefs to justify their practices in a similar manner"
This is incredibly hard to follow because I'm at work and having to switch off my screen constantly so if I've somehow lost the discussion then my bad
A set of core values about what is important and right in the world informing their actions and support of other actions
Which follows the same thought process as religious justification
I meant even if they're not using religion or lack of religion to justify something, they're using something else
Everyone justifies their beliefs through some core values
Lank even if someone doesn't have religion they have core values
Religion isn't really that different, other than it has its own community and organisation
But such people will still be absolutely adamant their belief is correct, justified by whatever core values they hold
Influencing how you respond to science
It's your own moral system
If anyone claims that their approach to such things is science, it's not
Just religion provides some very shared sets of values
And we all justify it by some kind of set of values
The world works a certain way, but we all have our own beliefs in what we do with the information we're given
But what we do about such things is a belief
Whether that's trying to find a "cure," finding causes, how to accommodate for it etc
How we respond to that, everyone will probably say is science as well
So it's scientifically established that autism exists
I'm gonna be really controversial here and say something
If you say you don't then I'm not sure you fully understand
Everyone has a belief
The idea that we're a Christian nation, or a secular liberal nation who's liberal values will be threatened by Islam
Take islamophobic political policy
And actually atheists and others use their beliefs about other religions to justify their own beliefs
The obnoxious movement where everyone claimed their beliefs are science and everyone else is wrong afaik and then they all turned out to be right wing dickheads
Wasn't there the whole new atheist movement
What
In that most nations that first adopted Christianity were already conservative societies, so it's only natural that written doctrine reflected that
Well there's historical reasoning for that
So you mean they control both church and doctrine?
Not the philosophy
So you mean Christianity the institutions and organisations
So would this mean by some miracle if anarchist Christianity or socialist Christianity became the mainstream, that would be "real Christianity?"
Is this the argument of the difference between Christianity in theory and Christianity in practice
I don't get the first statement about Christianity
It's very much a self-own as a psychologist but I don't count social sciences under "science" as a definition for the purposes of this entire discussion
Don't neglect the importance of social sciences
Yeah what Rad said tbh
I would put the moral principle of personal freedom here first, which should be unchanging, regardless of new developments
My point is it's just so complicated that if we based how we treat trans folks according to new developments, the approach would constantly change
I know
But that either presents or doesn't present an issue to trans people
Some neuroscience would suggest that there's little to no differences between brains
And that's when I really started questioning building morality around studies
There's a lot of conflicting studies
The one flaw with that is studying biological sex characteristics
But either isn't preferable at all and in practice, I'd just go three arrows except against oppressive justification rather than Weimar ideologies
Maybe for me it's a case of "better the devil you know"
Idk
I'm in a low support needs care home so there's fuck all to do because all the residents can look after themselves
Thanks for making work slightly less boring
I don't think there's gonna be further disagreement in this area
You and I are both socialists
Man I just want a free society that focuses on the individual and not people as resources or burdens
Way better than what we have now because that doesn't sound like prioritising cost-cutting or productivity
The way I see a lot of public health is a financial decision rather than a benevolent decision, aiming to reduce financial strain on the state
At least, regarding decisions that affect themselves
The idea that we need to reduce burdens on society needs to end and we should be approaching towards a society that can provide resources for people's freedom of choice
That it may as well just be societal penalisation
There are a lot of disadvantages within society for making unwise decisions
So what I'm proposing is already a reality, though I'd argue only semi-working
Mental Capacity Act and Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards
At least, in the UK
We already have infrastructure in place for such things Lank
And that's why the idea of basing decisions off of scientific outcome didn't vibe with me
People should be allowed to make unwise decisions regarding their health and social care, even if the science says otherwise, is my point
Which is where I think science would most influence people
By decisions, I largely mean those surrounding health and social care
I work in health so my language might be a bit industry specific
Yeah I do mean own personal decisions
My background is social science, if that helps understand where my priorities and values lie
Maybe I'm off on a tangent now, I just had a knee jerk reaction to a set of words
We can't make decisions purely on scientific fact but also just basic principles
Assuming capacity is established
I'll always support the idea that people should be allowed to make unwise decisions
And potentially against my will
And if a study says that there's a cure or "less harm" way out, people will use that to justify their route
That I have to rely on whatever study gets posted
I can't explain how suffocating that feels
That I have to have my fingers crossed that science won't go against my personal desires for myself
Sometimes I feel like I'm struggling against science itself to survive
But the fact that a study would be required
Not the study itself
I don't hate it
Well
I don't like that idea completely
Since sometimes people have fucking wack ideas about what science says, but I assume we're not counting them
Or even sometimes what they believe science is
What people think about these things may be drawn from how they interpret religion or science
But genetic engineering, abortion, conversion therapy is morality
Science is science
Even if erroneously
And that the latter is what's used more often
And then I described the separation of science and interpretation of science
Yes
I'm starting to feel like you mean "it's better to be wrong for the correct reasons than correct for the wrong reasons"
I don't get what you're saying because if these statistics are true what do you want people to do about jt
Everyone is capable of harm until proven otherwise
But I generally treat everyone with suspicion
I'm cautious around some groups more than others, yes
At that point it feels like semantics
If someone wants me dead I don't care if they have religious justification or not
I don't really see that as good reasoning tbh
I'm saying all this in response to this
It's an important distinction so people in this chat don't go off into the real world and assume psychodynamic therapists are frauds
Psychodynamic and Freud are different things
I meant that as in
You don't have to be scared of it
Psychodynamic therapy is a scientifically developed approach drawing from Freudian principles of psychoanalysis
Or if they did, they knew it differently to how we do now
Idk if people knew what autism was then
Psychoanalysis is to find out what fucked up to cause mental health issues
The model assumes normal childhood development
That idea developed into psychodynamic therapy
The one credible bit is that if something fucked up during these stages, it would create issues in later life
And then when they get older, they look for a partner with their parent's traits
Of particular note, being attracted to their mother or father depending on gender
And that all children go through psychosexual stages
He believed sexuality played an inherent part in childhood development
Freud had a psychosexual model of childhood development
Although I do lie when people ask about my family because I can't get into that whole thing without it being really long
In a way, it feels like I can live and function away from a traumatic past
But I even doubt that a lot of people here know
It used to be that everyone knew because it was present in my behaviour
Having said that though, I have started becoming aware that an increasing amount of people don't actually know what happened in my childhood
This is serious discussion so I can say that thankfully
<:CinnaRad:769309122092728330>
Instead I came out a very fucked up child
I didn't follow the psychosexual stages like other normal children
Not with my childhood
I couldn't be
Unused degree gang <:sadcinna:706751438105214987>
So I'm gonna damn well take every opportunity to well ackshully all psychology talks lmao
I don't get to use my degree at all, until I get a job with it
Some <:galaxybrain:706601580388024340> shit apparently
Psychodynamic therapy is not psychoanalysis but exists because of it
I just think Freud is a different case because from his theory, we've managed to develop it into something
Fair, I'm not a biologist so I wouldn't know a whole lot about that
Unless you argue that his theory helps rule out something
Nothing can be drawn from Lamarck which is different
To not just draw approaches from studies, but then take the extra step and analyse these approaches themselves
Which is what I think is important alongside the scientific method
Psychology is also indeed not just scientific theory, it includes critical analysis of historical and conceptual issues
And to understand psychodynamic approach, it helps to know the origins from Freud and psychoanalysis
To believe that Freud is useless is a very static view of the history of science
What was psychoanalysis is now psychodynamic theory
Its developments have led to new approaches in psychotherapy
Freud's legacy has been significantly important to psychology
I disagree
But if social sciences already comes under that for you then that sufficiently covers what I was trying to say
I was trying to describe social models of disability, mental health, etc
Fair then tbh
Refusal of medication or operations just didn't occur to me
I didn't realise individual freedom even factored into anything
As a kid I thought you *had* to do what doctors say
Kids don't understand shit about facts of the world but they copy what others do and say
But I'd rather damage my pride a little and be understood than to be unable to talk lmao
And Christianity, for better or worse, is not the same as it was at origin
Yes, because it requires explaining what defines Christianity
Something that came to a conclusion about an hour ago
Who's belief that Lamarckian evolution is the truly socialist evolution theory and that Darwinism is capitalist propaganda led to disaster for the USSR
I raise you with Trofim Lysenko
Yeah kind of
You don't stab a fork up in western culture
What they're definitely not is laid down flat
I legit recognise it as such and anytime I see it happen I have to do a double take
It's a funeral thing
Don't stick your chopsticks up like that
Don't do this

Idk if anyone needs to hear this but
And if it's because they don't trust me, then I'll tell them to fuck off
Next time I probably will ask why someone is asking
That someone would feel entitled to interrogate a sensitive issue
It just feels entitled, that's the word
True
It's such a deeply sensitive subject that I allowed him the privilege of knowing about
But it just felt like I shouldn't have had to answer such a question in the first place
I did answer yes, I said I worked with a therapist in trauma therapy and all
It sucks and I didn't know if I was upset over nothing or if I should be mad
Yeah I guess but you trust someone, and then they treat you suspiciously back
It just feels like it's distrustful
Unless you're a doctor or interviewing for a job or whatever, I don't see why someone needs to know a diagnosis
It just feels like none of someone's business whether medical records check out
It was very out the blue
And you randomly treat me with suspicion?
And I just thought holy fucking shit, I just listened to you vent about your relationship
And then said that he needed to make sure because some people fake it
Yes because someone asked me
In this very specific situation that it happened in that I witnessed, the person who asked confirmed to me they wanted to know if it was being faked
Not just general curiosity
This is very specifically for the purposes of trying to get the person to prove it's real
I feel like that's just straight up rude if someone tells you they're autistic, depressed, ADHD, anxiety, whatever
With the conclusion that if someone didn't get diagnosed then they're faking it
In informal contexts like casual conversation
Is it rude to ask someone if they got a diagnosis for something?
I'd rather not have to deal with being asked to prove that everything actually happened
But tbh I don't think I'll ever tell him
He seemed curious but we said long story, maybe another time
As "backstory"
Because some of our mutual friends know about my childhood trauma it got briefly referenced
Yes holy fucking shit I wanted to just say "you don't fucking know what happened in my life and you already spit on it"
Are you my manager
Why did you need to know
Why
And then he said "OK, some people just fake it so I needed to know"
I said yes, we worked through it in trauma therapy
Bitch what
And I was just thinking
"so the therapist confirmed it?"
I said I saw a therapist for it and he replied
He got his answer anyway
Thanks everyone, I just wasn't sure if I was overreacting here
Which is quietly distance because we have a lot of mutual friends and I can't just yeet him unfortunately
I know what I must do then
I just won't tell him any sensitive info ever
And if he's gonna press me to prove every vulnerable experience
He can sort his own goddamn relationship issues out
Man I'm just kind of tired of wanting to involve with him now
I'm seeing multiple red flags
Said person also had doubts about someone being aro when she said she's aro so
The question came immediately after talking about his relationship issues
I just needed to know I wasn't overreacting or seeing ghosts or whatever, because it kind of fucking hurt for someone to demand to know such a thing after I tried to help him
Explains it, but doesn't justify the action
That makes sense, but does that mean it's unjustified if it's a problem itself?
I just don't want to have to keep proving myself in interrogations over something I'm already insecure and sensitive about
For selfish reasons, but they would give a shit
I think if there was a lot more realisation that literally all of us could become wheelchair users for any reason at any time outside our control, people would give a shit more
This shouldn't be a criteria for empathy, but disability is one of those things that anyone can acquire
Rather than a definite lifespan
Alright, one or two years to sort something out at best then
I did ask for the truth though, even if it sucks
Can't believe my lifespan is so short
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
So maybe a year or two at best
I need to know how much time I got to turn everything around
Google refuses to tell me
Do you actually just die and starve?
What *actually* happens?
What happens if you can't get money or work
The idea of it was so fucking stupid that I didn't believe it was what it was at first
And then I realised they were literally just selling a pic of a can and not releasing a limited edition flavour
The first NFT I heard of was the Pringles NFT and my first thought was "but how do you eat the crisps?"
If the character limit allows
But for an instruction?
Well given we're on discord
I mean it's good, having resources is a good thing
You have a really specific HealthyGamer video for everything don't you
It's a shame but yeah the tulpa community largely originated in 4chan afaik
I'm not sure I could go back there on Saturday without constantly fearing for my safety, which would impact work performance I'd imagine
Jesus fucking Christ
Nobody was hurt and I remembered my crisis training but
Would it be unreasonable to call off sick for Saturday's shift if I'm still shaking tomorrow
A violent incident happened at work today in front of me
I'm sure anyone who has worked before realises that productivity is highly dependent on abstract issues like personality conflicts, personal motivations, personal life etc
Unfortunately it just doesn't work like that
We're quantifying qualified as though it has strict definitions
Especially when they're friends of friends
"Just block" feels like such an unsatisfying response
Except no respectable front for others in online spaces
So people just don't see online public spaces as similar to IRL public spaces
But they react as though it's perfectly within social acceptability
They would know it's socially unacceptable according to modern moral standards
Even so, they wouldn't say such things publicly IRL
And idk if I'm just going insane or whether social etiquette standards have declined all over
Things you wouldn't say to people IRL
People say the most fucked up shit and then act like it's perfectly reasonable
But this is a thing that happens in general
I don't really want to dwell on it too much but someone said "I don't like X ethnicity"
That's fucked
So is it just that, they actually never go outside so they don't realise?
They wouldn't go out shopping and say these things in public
But wouldn't they know that such things aren't necessarily socially acceptable?
It's just this whole seeming disconnect with how they believe people behave in public and how people actually do
Is it just because everyone's a NEET who doesn't see anyone IRL so they believe the rest of the outside world would agree and that they wouldn't be called out for it IRL?
People are just openly rude and racist and act like it's reasonable
What is it with the internet and etiquette standards
I'll deal with that myself
Idk I have a bad habit of needing to come out on top of other people
I stopped myself because obviously "I can be more racist than you" isn't really an appropriate solution but
Which in cases like this would be a nationality insult or something similar
The other concern is my own instinctive feeling to respond in kind
This was in VR for context
Maybe
And not saying it with intent to stir anyone up
That's what I dealt with last night anyway, someone making a racist statement and seemingly being certain in it having been OK to say
It's when people come out with the dumbest shit and they're not trolling, they're 100% certain that what they said was OK
Trolls are aware of what they're doing, they're being purposely chaotic and socially unacceptable because it's funny or whatever
It's mostly when people aren't trolling
I mean I already knew that
So world's just twisted I guess
I just don't get why you'd want to
Kids do that shit all the time online because there's no threat of violence
Walk into a bar anywhere here, screaming the N word, and you will be physically removed
You can't get punched through a screen on Facebook
I get how people are empowered to act this way online, but I don't get why they would want to
I get it, but I also don't
I mean, that's the whole issue I guess
Aye what Solo said
I am disproportionately more likely to find someone who is comfortable to use slurs at strangers online than IRL
They don't go round just randomly saying this shit publicly
As in
But they're not like this publicly
It's really hard to explain what I mean but I'm gonna assume people get it
At least at age 16, you start getting autonomy rights
Kids younger than 16 (at least in this country) are voting when they're still under the most guardianship legally
If that was the reasoning to not let them vote then sure, but my reasoning is different
In a legal sense I mean
They have limited rights to everyone else
But kids especially so
16 yes
They still don't have enough personal agency to really make such votes imo
Idk about 12-15
My experience with it hasn't been always great so far.
I mean, as long as it's possible to have a practically decent housing situation with apartments, I'd be fine with that.
The apartment I used to live in was better than this, actually.
I live in a two bed terrace right now and the neighbours play the same annoying shit every night.
Yes
I'd prefer to be able to live without being woken up by neighbours, or waking up neighbours.
I'd prefer a detached house purely because of noise.
I was also incredibly depressed so it wasn't the most fun emotionally, it was just freedom in concept
As in, true for me
That's still true, being alive now is better than death at 18
And then I remember I have a partner and career and rent
Some days I do think about going back to being a teenage anarchist
It just takes putting in work that I didn't back then
Yeah ofc, being an adult will always be better
It was literally a case of "I'm gonna die soon, so I'm gonna live how I want"
Back then, not even school was one, I was a drop out
Now it's like I have a future to take care of, some responsibilities to handle
It was kind of a squatter lifestyle almost, except my parents still housed me
There was nothing to really plan for or look forward to, every day was a day off
I was definitely at my most politically active during those years, and also would just drink, smoke, go out and explore instead of going to classes etc
It certainly wasn't "better" but having no future to take care of meant I could do whatever I want, even if it was detrimental to my health
<@250295696714891285> childhood sucked with years of abuse until 16, and then there was a short period of being a school dropout
I highly doubt nuclear war but it does sound like a second arms race or whatever
But apparently there's a recent military buildup
What the fuck is going on with Ukraine and Russia
They only know how to meme on the situation
My annoyance is more at the complete lack of understanding of the full situation from most people
KMT has historically been terrible and I don't play the lesser evil game between them and the CCP
Name doesn't matter so much, but I'm personally pro-independence with native emancipation
An independent Republic is better than "other China"
Small population, but they still exist as an ethnic group and culture
The natives still exist
Unless you can somehow dig up some ancient records that refer to it by what it used to be
There is no other name afaik
With greater native representation
Reject RoC, embrace Republic of Formosa
Han settlers didn't migrate until after Dutch and Spanish colonisation
There is a long history of a native population living on the island
Sometimes I wonder how much people actually know about the history and political situation of Taiwan when they seem to have this weird binary view that it's either China or not
Taiwan is colonised land
Unbased and cringe
Nuanced opinion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mQ8plzWl9g
I'm usually always standing against the us/them mentality on principle but that kind of attitude is strongly poisoning it seems, even if you disagree with it
I fucking hate how internet poisoned my mind is sometimes
If it was anyone else, I'd have just thought it was a perfectly normal question
A Chinese person asked to see my Christmas tree and my first thought was "why are they asking"
I'm gonna trust the opinions of people who live there over carefully moderated social media sites
And sometimes straight up criticised the CCP as a wholw
There are a couple clowns that just see the west as an enemy but more often than not people were either scared to talk about politics, or are aware they're not the centre of the world
Idk how much they could exactly say to me honestly without pushing it
But admitted to being fully aware it's a matter of perspective and not an objective moral good
Chinese people I spoke to were honest that China supports Russia
I've talked to actual Chinese people who've bypassed the firewall and heard from them
Also online opinion can't really be anything but positive when you live in China
Requires an account to read
I can't just say "no master fell from the sky" or "the rabbit died and the fox cried" and expect English speakers to know what I mean
There's also the issue that expressions don't directly translate
You're ESL right
It feels like a Freikorps situation repeated
Assuming Ukraine survives, a decision will have to be made after the war about what to do with them once there's no conflict
Tbh one thing scary about Ukraine is the fact that the Azov Battalion exist
But we watched several movies and I was introduced into Gundam through watching it with her
I was distanced over time lately because I didn't feel like I fitted in with the group
We were pretty close
I'm so tired
Fianna Fail is conservative republican and Fine Gael is conservative not
Taoiseach
It's such a direct comparison, there's nothing different about the NFTs and the money changers of then
The absolute irony is unbelievable
"And Jesus went into the temple of God, and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the money changers, and the seats of them that sold doves, And said unto them, It is written, My house shall be called the house of prayer; but ye have made it a den of thieves." - Matthew 21:2-3
They're now taught that black Jamaicans, Indians, all colonies all over contributed
In history class in the school I work, students are taught that Britain did *not* stand alone in WW2
The curriculum has changed a little in some parts
I *never* use SC unless I'm contacting my dealer or checking the menu
E.g. me
People who want drugs
OK thanks, that answers my question
Drawn in anime style
But after reading replies I assume it's tracing of photos of IRL kids
I don't want to go on pixiv and actually search it just to find out what it is
OK let me rephrase
Tracings of IRL photos of kids? Photoshopping of IRL photos?
What does this mean?
But I don't really want to go on pixiv to find out myself
I don't 100% understand this
My only issue is rent costs in Ireland
Tiocfaidh ár lá, first it was NI voting against Brexit and I'm pretty sure Sinn Fein's grown in popularity right
I said "we'll see how much worse the UK gets" and now it's already getting worse
And this kind of is pushing me even more towards that decision
I heavily considered becoming Irish
I didn't have anything to worry about
Unless you support unification in which case
I MEANT TIME TO BECOME IRISH AS IN FOR ME TO MOVE TO IRELAND
OH SHIT I DIDN'T READ THE MESSAGES DIRECTLY ABOVE
🇮🇪
Time to become Irish now
I'm not a pro-Russian but
Watched the video, noticed the schwarze Sonne on their uniforms
I probably won't get a holiday unfortunately
<:CinnaShrug:614728987435991050>
If she dies, she dies
Hopefully it's not a Balkans 2 because that's a lot of chaos on a large scale
Russia falling apart would be disastrous
This place was bombed once already by the IRA
If a terrorist attack is gonna happen this year, it'll be now
Tbh a partial reason I came out here for the funeral viewing is because
I agree with everything Nevis said to be clear
Though half my family is from Hong Kong
I live here too, in England
Not out of love for the queen
I'm only here for duty as a medic
I'm filled with indifference at her death
<:chad:739573160793341973>
I have to admit it does all look very weird
Not in London, though
I'm at the funeral viewing now
My two cents in this is that I get it, it's not an easy skill to develop. I'm part of a couple communities where I'm pretty sure if I were to be too honest with them, I would be looked down on for my political stances
I wasn't about to ruin my standing and funny RP enjoyment over a suffix in the German language
He was stubborn about it so, I left it at a point
For example, with "innen" I just said it's a bit of a non-issue and there's worst things in the world, rather than "no you're completely wrong inclusivity is important and in language too" because knowing the guy, he wouldn't listen to that and it'd be pointless
I hope my point is clear, it's less about self-censorship and more about reading the room. I still openly disagreed with some of these takes when they were voiced, but I was very careful about how I did it
I'd be banned by now if I went all out over everything that I had something to say about
At the end of the day, I still think their takes are incredibly fucking stupid, but I'm there to do the silly RP with them, not fight political battles
Some servers I'm in I see BS like "I'm LGBT but I hate the community" in response to one tiktok, "I don't understand why people are so worked up over pronouns" "innen [German feminine plural form] is butchering our language" and I just, tread lightly in responding
It's just useful to know when maybe a battle isn't worth it
Your take is always going to be bad to someone somewhere and learning how to water it down or just not speak at all is very useful sometimes, though I'd say this is one of the better servers since I can't imagine anyone immediately shutting down and holding grudges over disagreements
I've sometimes responded to things they say but if it was clear they weren't interested in being challenged, I'd leave it
I still hang around them because there's things we do unrelated to politics (they're RP groups) and as long as they're not straight up Nazis, I can handle them having a couple bad anti feminist takes
I think apart from social issues, with the way the economy is going, it's a good idea to escape if you can
Where I will prepare to become the German I was always meant to be
I am preparing to escape to republic of Ireland
It was really cool when I wasn't involved or aware of anything the anime side of community did
What the fuck is this
The
What
You did good, from what you're telling me I think you handled it best you could from your position
Because whatever info you have *could* be useful
But basically, just keep doing what you're doing so far, it's good that you're staying aware of what's happening around you and with others
And if you feel like you know your staff well enough, you can ask if there's anything that you could know so that you could help in the future. No guarantee that this would work because obviously they have to keep some things confidential for the sake of privacy rights
I would inform staff if it happens because they should know in what circumstances it would be a 911 call
It's not *always* necessary info for everyone, but just in case it is relevant, I tell people to keep track of how long it takes anyway. The worst that happens is that it turns out "how long" isn't relevant and everyone just moves on
Having said all that, I would still say you're doing the right thing by staying aware of it happening and keeping note of what's going on and how exactly. Anytime anyone has a seizure that I'm told about and I'm not there to deal with it, I usually tell whoever's present to time how long the seizure is going on for
It's never fun to watch but it happens. Taking a guess at your current living situation, I would assume the staff have a file on hand in their office somewhere with medical history info, so they should know what causes the seizures, if there's any medications necessary and in what situations, and at what point it would become a hospital visit
Well, not alone, but until they stop seizing
Seizures vary depending on someone's medical history and conditions, so while for one person a seizure might be an immediate need for ambulance, for others they could be seizing for 30 mins and still be OK to be left alone
*If* it's safe, put something soft like a pillow under the head (if there isn't a risk of suffocation, but that comes under "if it's safe) otherwise just leave them alone
If a seizure happens you'll want to move everything you can out the way
It depends on country
BRUH
YOOOOOO

He did one thing right
But, credit where credit's due
He wasn't the greatest person towards me either in hindsight
He can get fucked for all I care
I'm not gonna call him out and get him cancelled on twitter or anything because a lot could change in years
I would really hope he's grown as a person by then
If he succeeds as a politician I stg
But I don't regret cutting contact with him
As an act yeah
When I'm a fugitive from the Bundespolizei for overstaying my visa
He was a manipulative cunt to his gf and I don't regret cutting contact
Yeah tbh I'm not even gonna say "man I hope he remembers me while he's famous"
2nd person I've known to make it in the news
He was a dick to his gf though who I knew IRL too
We knew each other since we were 11
THIS GUY WAS MY BEST FRIEND IN HIGH SCHOOL
Each one collapsing but the Indian society still resembling its Hindu culture and caste society
Pretty good example is India, right? Place has gone through many states such as the princes, Mughals, British etc
I have heard he used to be real bad for a lot of alt right stuff but it's not been so lately
In which video
Linking it is probably better
https://youtu.be/7c4uO9ZGfbc
It's 50 mins long so I cba to rewatch the whole thing all over again but
I'm aware I'm just very badly paraphrasing a video I watched once that was 30 mins long and saw months ago
Except I feel only in theory because I'm pretty sure as soon as it's actually used by a person of colour for legitimate self defence, the case might not be in their favour
This almost could be good
The UK, NATO European countries as well as parts of Asia would come under that though, not just America
Probably because I first off don't live in America, but also because I guess there's a general idea that it's one sphere of influence (which it kind of is)
When I'm asked by Mandarin speakers about what our news media and so on is like, they don't ask me what America is like
"West" doesn't work so well since Japan and other allies aren't exactly in the west
Which would make it technically not incorrect
Generally from speaking to people in China, there's a divide with the rest of the world so it would be America et al.
I'm a Mandarin speaker with family in Guangzhou and connections in other parts of China
It's not reference to the US but rather firing back at the claim that they could possibly be foreign-backed protesters
Rarely ever pro US
Though that would make sense given that most people I speak to range from indifferent to being Maoist
Nothing stands out to me as particularly sus
Everything said in the video checks out
Idk how he gets word of all this past the firewall, must be a frequent VPN user
A fire in Xinjiang that due to zero COVID, the fire department couldn't get to. People were desperate to escape, then the government blamed the people, saying it was their fault for not being able to save themselves
He did explain to me what he believed was happening from his side and it all adds up
It's wild over there. He's actually a committed communist (in ideology) and even then everything that's happening with the Xi administration he hates
He told me that he left Beijing to return to his hometown due to the internet lockdown and that his lecturers warned the classes to stay at home and not go out, to avoid running into trouble with cops and landing prison time or lack of jobs
VRChat friend, high level of English, also a French speaker and is learning Russian
I have contact with someone who was in Beijing during all this
But like I said all that only works in theory, I know it's almost guaranteed this will not work in practice, especially for certain demographics
But if it's gonna be there, well
Pretty sure it'd be safer to escape and leave
No I agree castle doctrine is insane, especially on a practical level
I think the key word in the end is "illegally" so I doubt officers entering with a warrant will justify shooting
Then he joked saying "now because I said that, my social credit score is going down. Let me check my execution date: oh! It's tomorrow! It was nice meeting you!"
Idk what got him so spoken about politics. I didn't ask about it first, he just one day told me he thinks the CCP is a perversion of communism and that China is in a bad state
And he still lives in the mainland to this day
But basically, anything mainlander opinion, I take it from him because he's very straight forward and honest about what he thinks the situation is
He says some shit that really is pushing the line I think
I feel honestly blessed to have such an insider source, though I really hope he stays safe
Aye. Ofc nationalism still exists, that's another thing my friend mentioned. He said that since the Xi Jinping administration, there's been some people that have become more nationalist and hostile
I was told that when Xi Jinping took power, he launched an anti corruption campaign as a means of ridding other factions and replacing them with his supporters
China is very clearly way more publicly aggressive in its foreign relations and diplomacy
It's increasingly becoming the first under the Xi Jinping administration
Talking with my friend, he was really sad about Jiang Zemin's passing, admired the guy. He said that during his presidency, China was actually on its way towards better foreign relations with other countries
From what I have gathered it was a period of time in which a soft power, diplomatic approach was being adopted
Despite living in one of the most capitalist countries in the world
If you ask some Chinese-background Singaporeans on the Taiwan issue, they might still say they believe Taiwan to be rightfully China
Sometimes it is, but it's not fundamentally the case
Not necessarily to do with communism vs capitalism or CCP vs liberalism
But it all, at its core, goes back to "our national interests, the national interests of everyone else"
There's a lot going on here which makes it really hard to really summarise in a few short sentences
Even if you have trade agreements and so on, there's gonna be fundamental disagreements that aren't insignificant
In some sense, yes
And given that there's a huge difference in the sense of radically different political systems with China and the rest of the world, that's already a distinguisher
They mean literally anyone that could be possibly opposed to Chinese national interests
Pretty much exactly that, and it's not noticeable as an issue if you never really needed to solve it or had someone point it out
(I am not a paid advertiser for VRChat)
🍦
It's the internet too, we all know what that's like. Any time I get caught speaking Chinese in a public lobby I get the bing chilling meme lmao
It's like their one chance to actually speak to someone
Which is why they bring up politics almost immediately if they meet me
If they pass the internet censorship barrier they then have to find someone they can actually understand that isn't just also Chinese
Language barrier, internet censorship barrier, many things
And, that does play a huge part in it
English is indeed the lingua franca for a lot of people but it's not as prominent in Asia as in Europe and so on, as people might think
I had to address their questions in Mandarin with the help of another friend
Hell even the people I met who were curious and wanted to hear from me about my experiences living in outside of China weren't English speakers
But the average person doesn't know shit and probably doesn't speak good English
My friend will make much more of a distinction of it because, well, he's a French speaker too and learning Russian
Foreign forces just means "governments that are not China/CCP allies"
And as I said, there's criticisms to be made of it, but knowing that it's a thing helps understand the context of the language used
Americans still do it
You can't, but people still do
Couple that with generally less interaction with western media and crowds and you get that
Whereas any of us that live even slightly close to Europe will be much more distinguishing of different European nationalities and cultures
It's the same with how Americans will often just say "Europeans" as a collective term
It's more it plays a less important part in how they see distinctions
They all just say “外国人" for everyone
While we say "the Dutch guy" or "the Germans" or "Americans"
If you meet a Chinese speaker online who lives in China they'll rarely refer to people by their nationality
Obviously people do know that other countries and cultures exist but it can be categorised under "外国"
Less of a "vs" and that everywhere else is just "not here"
Obviously America is very big on that kind of worldview
I think it's most likely less prominent in certain countries like in the EU and so on
There's real criticism to be made of that perspective but that aside, that's the context to understand what they're saying from
The distinction isn't always made so much because there's the inside then there's the outside and that's how some people see it
The normalised worldview of 中国 and 外国
I can't really explain it because it requires so much cultural context
/s
One from "traitor to the republic" to "embodiment of the spirit of Connolly?"
Some things aren't just CCP issues but seen as national interest issues
And like I said, someone not even from China may still believe Taiwan to be Chinese
Someone anti-CCP may still believe Taiwan to be Chinese
I think it's just important to understand that nothing is ever in one category when it comes to Chinese politics
I think most people are or would be curious if they get to speak to someone outside of China, just many don't get the chance to
Nothing bad came of it, I just spun it as a "so you can sing in front of foreigners! Your accent is honestly very American sounding, don't be shy"
That's when he paused and then realised and said "wait, I didn't know you weren't Chinese this whole time"
As soon as he said that I replied back in Mandarin "but you were able to sing around me this whole time?"
He had a VERY American sounding accent when singing
In that situation, 外国人 wasn't really meant in a negative manner, just "person who's not Chinese that I don't know the nationality of" and he stopped singing because he was embarrassed about his English accent and singing
Some guy was playing his guitar and singing an English song and as soon as my Swedish friend joined and spoke to me (we were in a Chinese lobby) the guy says in Mandarin "I can't sing anymore now because there's "foreigners" here"
It's just the word "foreigner" is so dirtied in the English language I guess, that the translation sounds bad
But yeah, being referred to as 外国人 isn't really a slur or anything
So I wouldn't be surprised if they were quoting what the CCP says
It sounds like they're using more formal speech when referring to "foreign forces"
Yeah they're not actually using the word I'm mentioning at all lmao
But then conversely, a lot of Europeans and Americans will refer to that continent as "Asians"
Chinese people I've noticed are generally less likely to call other Asians "外国人" and more by their nationality or ethnicity
That whole place really is just SA to me
I know different South American countries exist but
I think when it comes to countries in NA and Europe, they're just so far away that it's often not worth making too much of a distinction
It's the now more PC term compared to "老外" which is "old outsider"
Or, really breaking it down into literal terms, "outside country person"
Because most people would actually just refer to the outside as "外国人" which literally just means foreigner
Which is why I avoided using the word "west"
It was Britain, Russia, Japan, Germany, many countries
Calls me sister when we speak English as a direct translation of the Chinese honourific, it really pains me that everything in China is the way it is rn
We've become pretty good friends because I first met him while trying to practice French (I thought he was French, he thought I was Mainland Chinese)
I honest to god was worried these last few months, I didn't know if he had to go radio silent forever or something else
Though he said he couldn't get online due to internet lockdowns from protests, he's back in his hometown now and can access the internet
That was months ago and I last saw him come online today
There's been tension and physical conflicts (nothing guns and tanks) outside foreign embassies due to protests
Mostly on the Hong Kong issue
I was thinking holy fuck don't joke about that I would hate if it actually happened
The AI generation was the novelty in that
I'll miss those AI generated lyric videos
I know in the wider scheme of things this prevents art theft but
The Nazi swastika is the inverted version of the Buddhist symbol. Even if it was upright, it would be distinctly different in the fact that it faces a different direction
The swastika is facing the wrong way round in the pic
Though my source is Reddit so take with a grain of salt
The rabbit was fine
Their friendship to me is a volatile connection that is likely to drop, whether I choose or not
That once I head over, I could be cut off
Maybe that's an important detail I should add
They're only still talking to me over the plan that I'll be in Berlin
Nothing else
And our contact is entirely based on the idea that I'll come to Berlin one day
I don't see this ending anytime soon
Idk I don't know if it's worth it anymore
If they already made plans with me then cancelled on it then yeah, I'd be pissed
I get depressed and insecure too but I don't say to my friends "cancel your hangout because I want to hang out with you instead"
Being insecure isn't a moral weakness but the behaviour of trying to get someone to cut others out is I feel
And then there was the one time they couldn't convince me into cancelling on someone I planned to see
In fact, they came up with the idea and convinced me into it each time
They were OK with the idea of me cancelling on other people I *already* made solid plans with
They competed with others and were OK with that
I have a lot of people I want to get to see which isn't so easy because I only have so much money to fly to the EU so many times in a year
Everyone I've met so far once, except them who I met twice
I'm just super busy all the time and I'm trying to get to everyone
DMs are all in German but a translation of one part is "first Hamburg, now Frankfurt. You told me coming to Berlin was important to you. I feel like you're pushing it off, what's wrong"
That's when they got super fucking pissed
I brought up yeah, but exhausted from preparing to fly
And then when they asked if I was feeling better
I just never thought to mention it
I never spun any lie about Frankfurt
I'm just sour now because I feel like I've been gaslit this whole time
I know I'm spinning the situation in an incredibly biased way but
Or do I have to let their emotions decide how my money and time is spent
Is it immoral that I chose to spend my money to see a friend in Frankfurt who has been wanting to see me for a while
But it feels a bit weird that I'm being blamed for something that isn't really immoral
I take some responsibility in that, yes
I was sympathetic at first because yeah, I got into a relationship too quick that I couldn't handle, and it fell apart messily
Has literally no context
They don't even know who I'm seeing in Frankfurt
ESPECIALLY WHEN WE'VE BROKEN UP
Not because they want to prove they care more than any other friend and need my attention more
Like I don't think that's the point, they should be staying up because they personally want to help and don't mind it
Even during my depressive breakdown they literally said "would anyone else be up at 5am still talking to you?"
They bring up multiple times that they care about me, but in the sense of "over anyone else"
And now I'm in Frankfurt, they're not happy that I'm seeing a friend in Frankfurt and haven't decided to head to Berlin yet
When we broke up and I went to Hamburg, they tried to have me cancel on someone else again so they could come see me in Hamburg
When they came to England, we were gonna meet a mutual friend that they also had us cancel so we could be alone
When we met in Berlin, they convinced me to cancel plans to hang out with someone else on that same vacation, the night before I was supposed to meet them
As well as a pattern of multiple times bringing up my current relationship in the context of questioning if I get satisfying intimacy and connection from it
Then they brought up the fact that they stayed up until 5am in a VC with me, while I was having a depressive breakdown the night before
They brought up that I said I would come to Berlin and that it's important to me that we get to hang out IRL at least one more time
So I have an ex who lives in Berlin. Just yesterday, they found out I'm going to Frankfurt to visit a friend, then got mad at me
I need help
So honestly, might as well just close it now, have them not wait for me
Rather than valuing the visit itself
For them, it feels more like a rush for closure so they can close the book
But I agreed because I wanted at least one last nice time together, at some point when I can
Who said it first idk
Honestly I don't remember how the "one last time in Berlin" idea got brought up
No, I know
Personal closure I would guess
This is gonna be messy
We have so many mutual friends
I guess the answer to what I would say is "it was important to me, I did want to see you again, but I can't put time and money towards something just for it to end"
And me delaying Berlin is keeping them from cutting me off finally
It's like they want the contact to be cut off and over with
It's ironic
That they couldn't hold normal contact unless I do the thing to end it
I just didn't think they'd be this impatient about it
Idk at the same time I did say I was gonna go over to Berlin
Like I get wanting closure
They want my time and money spent on ending this the way they want it to end, and doesn't like it when I'm spending that time and money cultivating relationships that are blooming
Idk that feels kind of fucked up for someone to tell me they care about me more than anyone else I have will about me, to question my current romantic relationship multiple times, to try to get me to cancel on other people
Spending time and money for the POSSIBILITY of a close friendship continuing
You know, now that I day that out loud, I'm even less motivated to go over now
Because after Berlin, I don't think they'll talk to me again
I don't think the problem is that I have other friends but that I'm not getting the end goal over and done with fast enough
That's the thing, it's so goal orientated
But really it's a temporary contract
Because I guess everyone assumed this was on the basis of a continuing friendship that I should show value in
I think the outright refusal is a VERY important detail I missed out here
Outright refused
Yes
That I'm having all this said to me for the sake of one IRL meeting and then never talking again
I feel like that's kind of shitty
And after that, they're not agreed on keeping in touch with me
Because they literally said "our contact is only so that you can come to Berlin"
So even when I was in the weeds and working 50 hours a week through December, it wasn't job quitting unbearable
For me having a job I like helps
I wasn't in the best of mental states back then
Even better that not everyone here was witnessing it
Citrus and my server was some dramatic history that I'm glad is past
That was my personal server
Good ol' citrus, but not so good
We were also all part of citrus when that was a whole thing
You lived in Syria then? Or do you mean you knew people living in Syria?
I would wonder what sources you've been looking at because as a Chinese speaker with connections to mainlanders, I've been hearing very different
They're still probably not gonna attack TW but this statement itself isn't accurate
I would disagree with this too on the basis that people I know who actually live there and lived through different administrations have said otherwise
He knows he can tell me anything because I made it pretty clear to him I'm not an American who still holds McCarthyist attitude, so honestly I trust his thoughts on Chinese politics as an insider
I'm ngl I'm gonna go with the source on this one
I speak to someone living in China who is pretty much hardcore communist but still tells me that the anti-corruption campaign is pretty much a purge
This part I would question
At least, for the specific situation I'm in
At this point, I care more about the bonus and my money than I do about ethics with this
I have wondered if what I'd be doing is entirely ethical but
This difference between me and all those YT videos is that I already have basic industry knowledge and can judge a recipe before I even make it
EXTREMELY obvious mistake but
One of them being it told me to shake a layered cocktail, I called it out and it legit said "that's correct, layered cocktails aren't usually shaken. Shaking would mix the layers together"
But when I gave it real corrections, it accepted my advice and rewrote the recipe
I've given it purposely wrong corrections to its recipes before and it rejected them, alongside real reasoning why
What it doesn't do is accept corrections I make that are wrong
Sometimes it does miss essential steps that I think should be done, and it corrects itself when called out
But what I found GPT3 tends to do is that it takes classic cocktails, and then makes a twist on it based on your instructions
As a bartender, I can look at a recipe and tell if it's not gonna go well
Sometimes
When ChatGPT3 can just pump out Irish themed cocktails for St Paddy's Day, spooky cocktails for Halloween etc
Why spend time thinking and experimenting and wasting money on alcohol for failed drinks
I just love money
I don't hate creativity
I'm going to use AI to cheat this competition and invent me different holiday themed cocktail recipes
My workplace sometimes hosts competitions where we have to invent a cocktail special for a particular holiday to sell
It's just I want to make sure we're watching the same thing
After watching one episode in the subs, it looks correct enough
I don't speak German fluently but
Hope it's not too far off from the English
Friend only has German subs so I wanted to see what translation she gets

Not heard of it
And not completely diffeerent dialogue
Making her watch this was the best decision ever
I've just been listening to her swearing in her Irish accent this entire time
(Kind of Madoka spoilers)
||"You fucking bitch. Go fuck yourself."||
My friend's reaction to Kyubey in Madoka: ||"I want to fucking waterboard it"||
Unrelated to their sexuality
But they do need to be as well written as literally any other kind of character
LGBT+ characters don't really need a reason to exist in stories
That said, I find Qingdao weirdly more drinkable than most other lagers
There's maybe subtle differences but it's all lager in the end
Had Sapporo and Asahi
Lager kind of tastes the same anyway
I'd discuss it more but not the channel for it
Cool, idk
It's uh
What's this
What the fuck
You can tell it was very much written to be that focus rather than being a side arc
VE is particularly good for how it handles its themes around overcoming trauma and coming of age
Watch Violet Evergarden
~~Symphogear AXZ~~
Which was then ported to gamecube, which is what I had played it on
Drive taxi fast, make lots of money
It was an arcade game
The Offspring were also a band I just really liked as well
Two days late to this but <@456226577798135808> SOMEONE ELSE WHO ALSO REMEMBERS CRAZY TAXI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IX7TRD6XaRs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWCAOMEIyaY
SO
IT IS JUNE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTSitlFXEX8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqFdgJJrzNc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1Js3aDleWk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws5UUPUg7V0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWDENni6Pbc
Here's my recommendation
<@!605753436763586573>
https://youtu.be/FBn7QPQaVPo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_5yt5IX38I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPS-Cq4uMFs
Rise against are fucking brilliant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD1gDSao1eA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta-Z_psXODw
Amon Amarth feels mid-battle, Sabaton is the bard's retelling
Though the two have different vibes
Prefer Amon Amarth tbh
The first two pings of this always piss me off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXpa8gFJ2Eo
\https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnrICy3Bc2U
