Elfnein is terrifying confirmed
Elfnein scarry.
For some people it’s online or bust. Like I travel for work and online friends are basically all I have. Still keep in contact with some buddies back home but it’s online. Honestly kept me sane sometimes when work was rough.
I know It’s different for people who lived it. I was only 5 when it happened and I have vague memories of what happened.

I have a co worker who pretty sensible. When it happened he literally quit his job and moved since he was by a military base and honestly thought things were going down.
Like they can enforce that part whenever they feel like it.
“Other non-scientific action” has a TON of leeway. Sounds more like a blanket way of banning anything they don’t like.
We will never know for sure.
Well the main thing it did was really shake up the country. There was actually 4 planes hijacked. The towers, the pentagon, and the white house. However the plane aimed for the White House, the passengers overtook it and crashed it in a field in Pennsylvania. No survivors
I remember it happening but it took until I was like 6 or 7 for me to truly understand it.
I have imposter syndrome too. Like everyone at work says I’m doing a great job and likes me but I never feel like I do enough.

The only solution I have is to just focus on the task on hand and to listen to those who are more experienced. Still feel it sometimes even through I’ve been in the field for 3 years and have trained someone.
Amazon does some incredibly scummy stuff. I worked on multiple construction projects for Amazon building and they are a nightmare to work with as a safety professional.
The obnoxious ones are the loudest by far. You will remember 1 obnoxious person pretty clearly. Like I guarantee you remember the assholes. But what about everyone else?
Which is over 95% of the population. Most people are pretty quiet and live there lives.
Now real talk is that college isn’t 100 mandatory like some people would like you to believe. Trade school exists along with apprenticeships. I know people who don’t even have a high school diploma but make more than me because they worked there way up.

College IS valuable but you shouldn’t see it as the only option available. There’s nothing wrong with going into the work force if you have a plan.
Why the cops do this kind of stuff is because they probably have caught people doing said thing. Like they get told “hey check coffee cups for X” by their boss and they have to do it.
Exact numbers no. Generally in risk management we use a number system of probability of probability and severity.

Like for probability there’s a 1-5 number. With a 1 meaning it will happen while 5 means very unlikely.

We do that along with severity to determine if a risk is acceptable.

Like if something is a 1 for probability but a 4 on severity. It means it’s likely but also if it happens the damage would be minor. Like for example getting a paper cut.

For COVID all bets are off. Human factor is a big factor in risk that’s almost impossible to predict  and you ALWAYS have to account for it.

For COVID by being vaccinated and washing your hands you minimize the risk. You can get it by bad luck but compared to someone not taking those precautions you have a much lower chance
Life has risks. I had entire class on risk management. Regarding COVID, you took the preparations you can reasonable take. Worrying about it constantly will just wear you down mentally.

Regarding illness, it’s really luck in a sense. Yes you can do things to reduce the chance and severity but you can’t remove the chance.

Like cancer. You can be in perfect health and randomly get cancer. If your cells replicate incorrectly and your body can’t stop it before it spreads out of control you get cancer.  

This is a universal fact of life. But stressing over these isn’t worth it. You have to accept that there are risks in life.
New ways to make money for discord. Discord basically owns the market. I remember back when ventrilo was a thing.

Make a 25 dollar channel called “Symphogear s6 leak” see how much money it makes.
Like on a big scale amazon job and safety is so loose its nuts.
At one point we ended up investing in a ton of mats and making a trail for people to safely walk around in some of the more dangerous parts.

When it comes to companies building amazon stuff they dont give a fuck
ya the roof was so cheaply done even using a simple shovel would damage it
considering I had to deal with how many case of people slipping on ice, I am so thankful no one got hurt on that roof. Someone on the ground broke his arm because of a slip
We have to flat out refuse to do work until amazon relented.
So yes. Amazon made people work on a icy roof and prevented them from using any method of removing the ice.
It's funny how cheap Amazon gets on safety and stuff while they also have some of the craziest budgets on stuff I seen.

Like I seen Amazon pay tons of money for change orders and the tech for new buildings. Yet at the same time they had a roof that was so cheap we were not allowed to use salt or even shovels to remove ice.
Like theres a few types of warnings. The 1st is a "theres a chance but its super far out and wont land anywhere near us.

the 2nd is a "its going to land"

a 2nd is a drop everything and go to cover
it really depends on when or where the warning is. I grew up in tornado alley so theres a bit of a difference in how people react. Amazon messed up.
Now here hows that stuff SHOULD work. If its a warning you tell the employees to keep them updated and you have 1 guy pretty much glued to the radar. If it lands or looks like it could you drop all work and get the guys to a safe area. Thats how I seen it handled multiple times and how it should go.
Like they knew the storm was coming and it was bad but ignored it. As in enough time to warn employees and for them to safely evcuate.
once again the question comes to if Amazon had enough gross negligence in the act. There needs to be some damning evidence there.
to me OSHA is always a fuck me moment.
now the problem with that is while employess CAN complain to OSHA about that issue, Amazon almost certainly have enough to sneak their way out of any fines. That topic is the kind of stuff OSHA can only nail if it is super obvious and bad enough. If theres any room to doubt then they wont be able to make it stick.
Speaking from experience if the weather even LOOKS like it could be pretty bad in a few hours you have eyes on it constantly until it goes. Unless it was completely unexpected and a freak thing I doubt it.
OSHA oh boy can I tell you some fun stories about dealing with OSHA. OSHA is both a 'fuck me' moment when they come but also in a lot of ways not an issue.
If I had to bet money, someone in a middle position knew it was coming but they were pressured to not stop work. That or they misjudged how bad it was going to be.
Productivity is king is a fact of life no matter what people tell you.
They wouldn't. When a nasty enough weather is coming you ALWAYS have eyes on it. Either a lot of people messed up or Amazon ignored the warning/the person in charge of checking was told to not stop work.
Eh amazon only grows more and more despite all the problems. Like I am not kidding when I say over half the big projects the company I work at has are building Amazon buildings. It's nuts how big they grow.
Ya that makes no sense. If the weather was that bad you think they would have done something. I'd put the blame on Amazon.
If I wanted to gamble I go back into gacha.
Or do what Reddit does and fuck the stock market by buying gamestop stock
Ya, I went for regular stocks when COVID hit. That was so solid money but that was because 
1. I had the money to invest
2. Everyone knew it was going up, it was just a waiting game
This was a year ago. Maybe I could have made money if I put a little in back then but I’m not a risk taker.
Good ol crypto. I remember a co worker trying to get me into it. He himself got lucky and made a killing since he started early enough but I was like “nah, I’m going to trust my brother in law who invests stocks for a living.”
Nft still confused me as to why people get into it. It feels like collectible cards except without the you know rarity or satisfaction of collecting. Like I can “collect” the art without buying anything the only difference is I don’t “own” that specific jpeg. 

Idk I haven’t been paying attention mainly because I think it’s way too stupid.
And then there’s rom hacks. That stuff is very fuzzy legal wise but at the same time there almost always non profit and they do it out of passion. (Anyone who tries to profit off one deserves to be shut down.)
<:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
Hopefully it goes smoothly for you.  I know people who were bed ridden for days while others barely felt a thing to a cousin who got antibodies without ever having symptoms. All three of them were at the same age/health

COVID is really a roulette for how bad it effects someone. Hopefully it goes smoothly for you
Media gets money too. Fair
When you realize how much money Pfizer has made from the vaccines it makes sense they want to keep it going.

Now disclaimer because I have too. I am making no comment on the vaccine. Just that the companies who make them have become VERY rich off of it.
Say this because I had two employees of mine get omicron a few weeks ago. Both just had cold symptoms and were back to work within 10 days.
It’s a roulette. Media acts like if you get it your going to the hospital 100%. How bad it effects you is pretty random. (Pre existing medical conditions/age of course will increase the chance of it being bad.)
What is the theoretical application?
I find that crap weird. For reference I want to a private Christian grade school and highschool. We read plenty of novels with curing or other “inappropriate things”. 

I remember one time I walked into a classroom with an eight grade class and the history teacher dropped the N bomb. Now to be fair this was him “pretending” to be someone from the 1950s to show everyone WHY the civil rights movement was so hard when it seems like common sense today and it was very powerful in conveying that message.

Just imagine if someone did that today.
Like actual tactics was in ww2 when countries did an oil embargo on Japan. That seriously hurt the military and also the population. Stuff like that.

Current Russia stuff is so minor and feels more like a “fuck you for being Russian” rather than any attempt to pressure the country Russia
It’s a tactic that worked throughout history. Problem is Putin doesn’t give a shit and will keep on going.
Like there are some people who are going full on psychopath on Russia and asking for crap that would only hurt civilians. Really shows how shitty people can be
It’s basically trying to bully other countries to support Ukraine by screwing over their innocents.
Like here’s an thought. Imagine if it was the same action but it was Russia denying vaccines to a country that stayed silent.

It’s messed up is all I’ll say.
Because at the end of the day you really don’t have an alternative
If you can’t implement a solution then what is it good for? It’s just an idea than.

If you can’t implement an alternative then it’s junk
Best way to describe it. People are resistant to any idea that has immediate noticeable negative impacts while the idea has some vague benefit in the future that’s hard to quantify.
That’s every country in the world. The real question is how noticeable it is. America has its many many flaws but I hate the idea that America is a hellhole while every other country is *so* much better. Every country has flaws
Rule of thumb. You don’t have people *risk* their lives to escape a country if it isn’t horrible
Just based on your party
Yup. Because if both sides are close enough than it means your voters could go to the other side. When you go polar opposites you can basically secure certain votes without even trying.
And then push everyone into one side.
It’s really politics in general in every issue
The problem is how big the divide is. There’s no nuance anymore. If you look on main media it feels like you either have to be a “open borders for all, fuck American citizens” or a “screw other countries.” 

Both sides feed into this and try to make the other side look like the evil bad guy.
The stereotype is. I grew up in a pretty conservative area. And  90% of people, were decent human beings who had no problem with people being different ethnic groups/their orientations.
Can confirm on that. I work with a lot of Hispanics including some I know are illegal. 90% lean red.
Here’s the sad part. For every one that we know of how many fucked up situations have been completely covered up because they are rich/know the right people?
Hoping it will get swept under the rug because they are famous/have connections? 

But probably because people are pretty stupid
The base idea is fine but when you have to implement it, it falls apart very quickly. But that’s NFT in a nutshell. When you think about it for more than five seconds you realize how many flaws the system has
The idea of having a skin that you could use across multiple games once you buy it is a pretty neat idea. 

But if power could be traded like that it be so toxic. Gamers are obsessed with being the strongest. If it’s possible to optimize something they will.
Good ol roundabouts. I remember growing up when my hometown changed three stoplights to roundabouts. Almost two+ decades with them and people in my hometown are still idiots with them
It’s funny how Amazon is stingy on stuff like that but will piss away money on high tech stuff
Parents love their kids (This excludes POS that abuse their kids) it’s honestly stressful as hell to watch your child fail in life and your trying to do everything to keep them going.

There gets to be a point where you realize this can’t keep on going and you have to something about it. Sometimes it’s cutting them off so they have to face reality.

It takes a *ton* and I mean a ton to hit that point. You shouldn’t worry about it honestly. You know your parents.
So a lot of the cheering feels more like celebrating the death of a figurehead who represented some of the horrible things Britain has done.
Just like most people
The queen is more of a symbol for Britain in general. She herself was just a women. Not a saint but also not a monster.
I honestly take most things seriously. I experienced enough stupid things that I can never discount it
Where I grew up? Nearest big town was a 30 minute drive. Besides that it’s small town and corn fields
Bike for the memes
People live too far out
Also in big towns/cities public transportation is doable. But in smaller towns good luck setting it up without a massive push.
Or towns in the mid west. A lot of people live well outside a nearby town and biking is not reasonable at all.
I feel asleep woke up showered and went back to work the next morning.

Once you hit over a certain amount of hours you get a strange burst of energy and kind of zombie your way through it
It’s called construction and there was a shut down we had to finish that night. Crap happened and was was supposed to be done by 9 PM went to 2 AM.

Tbf that was an extreme that happened to me this week. I usually work 10s
Which is fair. Biking is a practical solution for some people and more people should look into it
Ya. Like I can’t imagine anyone having to bike after a 19 hour shift. I could barely drive home and I had a 10 minute drive
I knew one dude who bike for miles to work everyday while it was still dark. Dude basically had unlimited endurance
I mean I can see both sides.

On one hand it’s a way for someone to understand what it was really like. You can talk about it all you want but there’s a difference when you experience something that’s that accurate.

Reminds me in a way of the beach scene from saving private Ryan. That scene is extremely accurate is depicting what it felt like to be on the beach.

But being something that is sold? Ya kind of tacky.

Like if this was something in say the 9/11 museum (which is closed) i don’t think anyone would object.
But what happens when the AI improves to the point where it doesn’t have these issues? 

Science is crazy. I have no doubt that will be possible in a decade
AI art will improve over time but unless AI gets absolutely crazy there will always be a limit to what a machine can create even with the right inputs.
There are some things you can’t do with machines unless we’re talking literal human robots. Like construction.
Probably depends on AI developments in general
Redo knows very well that if it wasn’t pure shock value it wouldn’t be as successful. Taking out the horrible stuff it’s a basic revenge fantasy story.
And the idea is honestly pretty funny and novel.
Interspecies reviewer is at least a comedy with an actual funny premise. Redo of healer is shock value pure and simple.
That’s the real question. How did it actually get approved
I mean there certain parts of it that can be discussed and I do think it’s influential in the sense of drawing the line.

Problem is how easily it leads into the nasty stuff that causes controversy.
It’s easier to state what horrible thing it doesn’t have. I honestly hope it will never be topped.
The purpose of the show is to bring up controversy because the author admits he made it “because it would sell” 

RoH lives off it. But it’s a hard topic to discuss without getting into the nasty stuff
It got shit for the false rape accusation but. And I’m leaving it at that.
Shield hero at least makes the main character still likeable while in redo the abuse is so horribly over the top.
We actually agreed that if marauders were close to invading to let them.
I’m on zuvendis. It’s one of the smallest ones and my company went for it to get bright wood. We’re syndicate. Covenant has some rep on my server but maurders are down to one territory.
Like a few years ago in hearthstone someone made a healing warlock deck as a joke and discovered mid expansion it was super good. As in top tier and literally changes the meta mid expansion.
I’m still into it. My company holds bright wood and so far it’s the only territory that hasn’t been invaded yet. 

But back to bofuri ya. It’s the kind of super op build that magical happens because someone did something stupid.
I see you enjoy new world too.
Or how they try to nerf her but fail. Everyone acknowledges how OP she is and not in a “she so awesome!” More of a “how does she do this!?
I like Bofuri because she’s OP by complete accident. And the community reacts as such. Like when she manages to beat the super boss the devs are like “Shit”
Like I’m fine if the MC wins by using what they have in a new creative manner. Like they create an upgrade using existing powers. Those don’t feel as much of an asspull since it was always there. The MC just hadn’t thought of it.
True. Fights shouldn’t feel like “stalling for upgrade” there needs to be tough fights where the MC wins by using what they have.
Really it’s just being grounded in MC power scaling. You can have your MC get new powers to beat the bad guy as long as it’s properly set up and feels logical. Kind of like one piece Luffy with second gear at first.
<@738898415173500969> You’re not wrong. I remember drafting the basic concept of an op iseaki protag and how the world would react politically. Like a magic system where the MC has a game breaker or can ignore a fundamental rule. Pretty sure that ideas already been explored. But really that’s a power level issue.
How many magical girls copied Madoka in some aspect? SAO did the same to the Iseaki.
True, but iseaki feels more obvious?” Maybe it’s because there’s so many but everyone notices it.
Like I feel like you can even do the power fantasy aspect right if your careful. There are so many natural ways to make someone from another world have special power without making him “the chosen one.”

Like “I’m from another world so I no sell SOME types of magic.” Big point is make them not OP. Make it an out of context power that isn’t OP but does cause everyone to react to it.
My bet is it’s going to be a “back to basics” an iseaki that simplify to what made the genre so good as in pre SAO and has it polished
I heard a lot of good things about re:zero. Prob should watch
I feel like soon there’s going to be the big one. The iseaki that redefines everything. Like SAO, Madoka etec.

With all the experimentation on it, someone going to hit it big.
Tbh I haven’t seen the slime iseaki. I just know it’s popular
One thing I’m annoyed with is all iseaki follow a formula. Even the good ones basically rely on its twist like Slime, Overlord. Stuff like that. It’s the twist on the formula.
Kobasuba a comedy that uses iseakai for its background but doesn’t rely on it for all humor. Other shows basically go “we are making fun of Iseaki” and that’s it humor
One story that always annoys me for potential was Familiar of Zero. Had a lot of interesting ideas and a neat twist in having the dude from another world be the servant. 

But the anime was a full harem anime no question
Loved digimon as a kid.
I mean think of stuff like Spirited Away or OG Digimon. Those are iseakais
Symphogear isn’t mindless, it’s better to describe it as “no such thing as too stupid.” Other shows stuff can happen that makes you go “ok that is dumb”

Symphogear I’m like “Fuck ya!”
GX and AXX were meh for me because Miku is best girl. Watching her get shafted sucked
Usually when I get into a series, I binge the shows, fanfics then move on. I first starting watching just over a year ago. Symphogear had stuck around primarily because of this discord
I loved Symphogear from the pure fun. From an objective perspective other shows I seen are better. But Symphogear was just fun and got my into the world.
Say what you want on its quality, SAO was popular.

Not saying full copies but influenced. Heck early s1 of Symphogear had some Madoka influence
I mean on one hands the dolls personalities were fake in a way. There dolls and they know it, just acting how they were made to be.
GX was last season I went into 100% blind.
Funny is early on I loved Garie as a villain. The utter crazy was glorious to me. Shane she died first
Like the subversion of each season villain being stronger. There weaken than other villains and the hero’s are even stronger. So they have to use cheap shots to stand a chance.
“If you can’t take the heat make the kitchen your bitch”
