
I second Serena role ;-; She's my best girl.
Serena role? :C She's my best girl.
lmao
oh nvm
May I have it too please?
thank you ❤
Maybe slightly more blueish grey since thats what XDU art seems to be hinting at https://i.ytimg.com/vi/raGHCYsy5os/maxresdefault.jpg thanks ^_^
looks great ^^
Apple jaaaam
wow Solo, ruuuudee
Deepest loreeee

XDU beat us to ded Halloween sister
Spookrenaaaaaa
made sense to have Maria sing about Serena
and at least 2 Bikki b-sides are about Miku
I mean, Basa got a Kanade song back in GX
https://66.media.tumblr.com/140e464957df2dcf0cf6e79504f951a4/tumblr_puiy6z5HRc1ugu8gwo1_1280.png
I can always hope
Serena dedicated song confirmeeeed
Whip chain thingies
Apologies ha
that bad?
Lmao
I tried to sing it ;-;

i finally finisheeed ittt
<:MariaShock:423196877354303498>
yaay
Hibiki-exclusive move
Random girl no. 2
then again, maybe if they throw enough money her way..
not to mention hr seiyuu doesnt do live shows
She wasnt in the OP
I dont think Kanade's coming :C
singing a duet with your dead sister, nothing wrong with that
Kali gets it ❤
APPLE - Amalgam ver.-
Im still hoping we will get the long awaited Maria x Serena duet
😦
the b-sides are all tear jerkers
but damn
normally i dont rlycare about them much
the b-sides especially
the songs this season are amazing in general
<:KirikaMegane:585848185847676939> t-thank you
inori is one of us basically lmao
mylove for Aoi is a different type of love
Nuuuu
seriously, why else would they hesistate to add playable carol to xdu
god, i really want her back this season
i feel ya :c
Hayamin's voice is like silk
Also fantastic picks
<333
My top 3 are Yoko, Kiyono Yasuno, and Nanjolno
She's amazinggggg
Based Kayanon
I'm not a VA, and my voice is too low to try to imitate Kiri
Bless Yoko's lungs at the next sympholive
I as trying to sing Shirogane today but holy smokes, its so difficult
deffo better thaan axia, which isnt all that special once you get to the second half
tho the new group song is heroic af
Such a good song..
Gyakkou no Resolve is myfavorite song in all of Sympho, and the lack of the off vocal pains me
also, XDU album off vocals pls
after xv ends, theyre gonna need more cash cows other than xdu
Maria singing Testament,DMJii singing Vitalization etc.
they should release an album with Sympho OP/ED covers by other characters
oh god, its not him tho is it?
they all did
i mean, he had to sing for his audition, right?
damn..
Singing Sugita lmao
