Thanks Glitch
Huzzah
<@99695384296701952>  Pretty please can I have the Serena role?
There's a Serena role now?
The ovas are out?
I'm not actually qualified for this, so...look around I guess?
Hi
*pokes with a stick*
A new person? Maybe?
I do too. Although, question, 
I've never understood the whole DMJii thing. What's the DM part?
I mean yeah that makes sense.
Also Hi 😃
I like how the intro bot is Kirika. Excellent choice
Welcome anyway
On second thoughts, we might be full up on Greed
_ONE OF US_
_ONE OF US_
At the dawning of a new age
A new person appears
How exciting
A new person
Someone else, take over
Yeah I ain't qualified for this intro stuff.
A new person
Hello :)
A lone tumbleweed goes by
Someone new!
I take great offense to that. I will have you know I studied hard to graduate with a degree in oddity and weirdness
We gotta expose the weirdness before they think we're normal
<@284390402210136064>
Paging Doctor Rakhi
Yep medical emergency
Delayed response, blushing emoticon
*poke poke*
Anyway
Hi
Does adsl even go above 2+
3adl...adsl 3?
Join our cult
Come friend
He speaks!
_ONE OF US_
_ONE OF US_
I missed you friend 😃
Oh hey Kanade's back
Are you _the_ anime?
Join the colourless revolution Saki
SAKI RETURNS
Cool
I thought the Kangaroo one was only for Australian servers
Let me catch a breather
Phew
Goddamn that hill is steep
Apparently the welcome wagon is broken
Execute Order 66
_pokes with a stick_
The welcome wagon will never arrive
Someone new joins the horde
Hello!
Last one before I board
Also none of them are responding
I'm bored as fuck
And another!
And you aswell!
Hello to you too!
Have _you_ found the glory of 4th edition D&D?
Hello friend!
The assassin should immediately use their form skill and start shrouding available targets, the shaman should summon thier totem and the melee classes should consider what options are redily available
No I'm corrupting them into proper dungeon etiquette and behaviour
More people to corrupt! Perfect
Hello to you as well! Have you found the glory of Dungeons and Dragons
You know at this rate I need to do more corruption of the new people
Hello more people
Hello you two!
And even more! Hello!
Hello!
Hello!
Sunflame Cremation Kanade and Xdrive Shenshoujing Miku is broken
I had japanese xdu but it stopped supporting galaxy s5
Friends! Have you found the true glory of D&D 4e?
Time to corrupt them then
And yet more keep coming! Hello friends
Even more people!
Hello to you too!
And hello to you lot as well!
Hello! Although I'm not sure I like you. You've stolen the password to some of my accounts
Even more!
ANOTHER ONE!
Even more people!
_waves_ 
Good morning new people!
Another one!
And even more!
Another one!
And yet more people!
Even more!
Hello to you too!
Even more people! Welcome welcome
But hello to you lot too!
Damnit I'm at work. Stop joining so fast
Hi friends
So many more people!
So many people!
More People!
MORE NEW PEOPLE!
I wonder how many will arrive before I wake up in the morning?
And more people just keep coming!
_BUNNIES AREN'T JUST CUTE LIKE EVERYBODY SUPPOSES. THEY'VE GOT THEM HOPPING LEGS AND TWITCHY LITTLE NOSES_
_I have a feeling, it could be bunnies_
Bunnies you say?  
RUN FOR YOUR LIVES
Anyway, welcome!
What even is that name
Dess_bet 25
Another one! Taking bets now on if they talk or not!
<:CarolYandere:424047704826707980>
And they respond!
And another one!
They're taking over
Ah shit it's another Chris fan
Another one
yet another!
Another one!
More people!
Even more people!
So many people joined today
Even more people
More people!
Another!
Another one!
Hey Hey
Someone new!
Hey hey
More people!
Another!
Oh wow a lot of new people
A new person!
Even more people!
Another!
So many new people!
_gasp_
Another one
Lots of people this morning
Hellos
more people!
Hello
Lots of new people!
Even more!
So many people
More people!
Hello everyone!
Even more new people!
So many more people
So really she's probably the Bruce Lee of sword fighting
I would imagine that seeing as she has Genjuro in the family, he encourages her to mix it up with various styles as well
I know it from somewhere
_What is that song_
but yes, <@!504069701911969803>  this is what must be purged
I was expecting some Daemonettes. They're more obviously "evil'
Nevis wants to know what I must purge
<@!486087033652248576>  Where are your She Who Thirsts worshippers
All redy ta do sum dakka

Behold. Da Boyz
So is this where we're dumping our 40k stuff?
Is that a good thing?
THERE IS PROCRASTINATION TO BE DONE
Another time perhaps
I should probs finish my warriors
noice noice
They are if you have the stuff
Praise Kanade!
A image most holy of one of the S tier best girls in Symphogear
Actually there is probs more than one on the server
Ping who? Kanade?
Or do I need to sell my soul to someone
Is this how the church works?
I request a holy image of kanade
Is it Garie and Micha as pokemon girls? Or is it _pokemon girls_
Ah cool
Yeah I don't know what it is
I guess the "I've only been here x long" doesn't work anymore
You forget, I've been on this server for...huh 12 days
Log 205? Do I want to know what that is?
Ah shit you're right
If that were the case, I can see Bikki x Kanade working, seeing as Kanade would totally be the first to realise
Also true
It also implies Maria x Chris or Tsubasa x Chris depending on which tallbois the girls represent
_eyebrow waggle_
It also changed the title to Lydian High School Host Club
That's good
huehuehue
I see you have Dragon Dusk, but where's Sunflame Cremation?
Yeah that's fair
But why every frame?
And a few parts of the show
And the XDU
I can understand the art
Why though
I bow to your dedication to Kanade
_It's at this point Nic realised, he had no chance of boasting anything on this server_
Wow
That...that's more impressive than worrying actually
Should Kerrick be worried?
And how many images do you have thst you've sorted them into folders
Ah
That was fast
That's pretty cute, even by hibimiku standards
I believe in you
I can read half of it and I can unterstand even less, but it looks cute
the ogawa one?
Whereas you have 21141 pictures of everybody
Do you two basically just have the same folder.
Quality content, can confirm
Dunno. I'll take a look
<@246146781832806401>  and what manga was that?
I mean I get it
Maybe
Hmm
Does pokemon have a similar art style and I never noticed  or am I still mostly asleep
Why is my first thought "she's a hotter Uraraka"
You guys will know well before me anyway
maybe
We'll see
Fun fun
Who are these?
Revive Carol?
What
I dunno why but that makes me happy
Bikki keeps her single scarf
All this talk about the video and I'm here like "I mustn't watch. I mustn't watch"
Yep, no, I'm useless here. I didn't have to worry about exams
Right, I get it
Ah
Wait two years before uni?
Ooh a Brit
Or is it exams or nothing
Apart from the exams, are there ways to get into the course you want?
I see the problem
Ah
And are you already enrolled
What course if I may ask
3 years of...what? University?
Would any of the other judges like to weigh in?
So all in all, I'd say a solid win
So that's another positive
early shift is not as good
I mean, hanging out with friends is good
Yay?
Does this mean I was once highly motivated?
People don't do that normally?
Don't burn it all now
Chores? heh. No save your motivation for those last few hours
Praise Bikki
Huzzah
8 and a half hours is well past now. Huzzah!
8 1/2 hours until what?
Does that mean we're all adulting adults now
I mean granted it's not for any reason, but I fall out of contact with people a lot and then meet back up
Rob a bank together 😃 I'm sure that will help
 In all seriousness, you're probably fine
Huzzah
Last day at Sketch's current work
That might be true, but it's still an excellent scene
DETERMINATION CAN'T BE MEASURED WITH NUMBERS!
Hoorah!
Final question. 
Are you motivated and ready to get hyped?
Good good.
Birds are singing in the trees?
Feeling fine?
Sun is shining?
And how's the weather?
Well good morning
You can do it
Huzzah
Be Prepared
the feel
haha
I just suck at chess
skiing for me, along with watching soccer and football occasionally
Yeah that's fair
is this another language thing. Does Swedish have like, 12 billion words for "sly", "clever" and "cunning"?
At least to me, slyness implies more the decietfulness
I mean foxes are clever, but slyness is more a human thing
Listen here though. 
Cow girls, but the tiddies aren't the size of another person
You saying "animal DNA". You including insects in there?
Become a robot, for the tradeoff that you can't read those muddled letter things
how do you feel
I thought that wasn't supposed to happen to us younger generations until like..30
fascinating
hahahaha
I'm going to bed
The kirika picture
Because if not that is a coincidence and a half
....
Does that happen normally?
Yeah same meta. I could believe that Something did a thing and then kinda just left us alone
Or just a creationist in general
So it's a different version of creationist?
Do I want to know what YEC stands for?
Well duh. It was put together by romans
To be fair, mostly Old Testament, but I've still read it
I read the bible
Do you go to church on Easter and/or Christmas? You're still christian in my book
Nah in all seriousness, just..tell them? idk
If he drowns, he's dead, so problem solved.
Weigh you against a duck to see if you float?
It's funny because in some religions, Lucifer is the holy one
Pretty sure it was a king, because 1 of the brothers improved his lands, 1 of them invested in his lands, and the third buried it and expected the king to be happy
No no, there's a story in the bible where a king gives 3 brothers different amounts of gold and 10 years to do what they want with it
And which one was the king who was the origin of Great Power, Great responsibility?
何
Wasn't king solomon the one who was like "You both want the baby? Rip it in half"
Every version of god is a different version of the same thing
Although I kinda dig the Old Islam philosophy
Dante's? Classical?
depends what version of hell you're looking at
Probs final fantasy from the art style
Dunno what that is
Here endeth my (probably unhelpful but I try) advice
So you've got to be there. Doesn't mean you need to sort their shit out for them
But you're still their friend
Sometimes you can't help them
Eventually, even if they tell you the same thing a hundred times, it'll all work out and the next time will be your regularly scheduled normal shit
Nah I think I know the feeling aswell. 
It's all good. 
In all seriousness, talk to them, or be available to talk to
Or just nod, add a few "mmhmm" and try and direct them to someone who actually can resolve the situation
I mean in my defense, I'm an ass most of the time, but if I really have nothing that I can do, I just be helpfully vague. Find some part of their shit that I can help with, and hope the advice or whatever carries over to the rest of the problems
Whether or not you do seems to be a different question judging by the amount of times "norenche is typing" appears and dissappears
I'm sure you _can_ :)
Silver linings
Huehue
Yeah that's more a physiological thing. Believing doesn't help as much
Hmm
Ah
I mean as long as your responsible about it, believe in your drinking!
:)
That means nothing. Places 1 and 2 of Top 5 people who could hold their alcohol on campus were asian
~~certainly not a drug dealer~~
So that's a plus surely
It's certainly interesting at least
Is it just me or is it weird that things assume you would pay your parents rent after a certain age
Rinse and repeat until now
Then accommodation for my work
I mean I was 18 but I was living on campus at uni
Yeah I feel ya
Does that count?
Haven't lived here for the past 4 years though
I mean I'm living at home currently
I mean we could talk politics, but I barely pay attention to Aussie politics let alone international stuff
I do have weird japan stories
But unless a better offer comes along, I'll stick with Japan for now
I mean open offer for anyone who is hiring for a hotel. I'm available
But do you know anyone who's hiring for a hotel who wants a really pale white boy from Australia?
Like..I could I suppose
Yeah but i figure to get a job in Sweden, it's probs a good idea
I don't speak Swedish
And Japan
I just like snow
Pfft nah
Or hopefully hotels
Nah. Ski hotel
Btw I plan on working in Japan
Nah but Japan taxes hard enough. I'm not converting a bunch of my after tax income, then sending it over to the government, just to pay off my hecs quicker
A.k.a not paying taxes in Australia
No I mean I don't plan on working in Australia much soon
50/50 maybe?
Can I phone a friend?
Improvement goals. Uhhhhh
I'm a horrible person
I don't plan on doing that anytime soon though
But I don't start paying those until I earn over like..60k iirc and even then it comes out of tax
I mean I have my hecs debt or student loans or whatever you want to call it
Yeah that makes sense
Ah right
Rent to me just seems like paying to live in the property
But that specifically says "includes ...."
Yeah true
At least in my experience
But that's different from rent
Fair I suppose
But rent?
I dunno. Like I can understand helping with food shopping or fuel for the car
And it had a specific form for people who pay rent to their parents
Like I was skimming some tax stuff
I mean it makes sense 
Aren't family trees fun?
10/10 grandma naming skills
Kazuto Kawakami? Fuckin badass
In all seriousness why are there so many ways of spelling Caitlin. 
PICK A GODDAMN SPELLING PARENTS
No offense to your siblings
The unmatched one being Caitlin because goddamn that hurts to read it spelt like that
Because one of those doesn't match
I mean was there a reason for your name?
But hey at least it's not ABCDE
Kids gotta learn to write small
How is it gonna fit in the tiny amount of space allocated to the name section of forms and such
That's gonna be name
Fair enough
As someone who doesn't ff, should I be horrfied or impressed?
You're all corrupted.
Elements of Power is quality childhood foundational gameplay
Break out the 360 launch titles
If the baby isn't fluent in Dovak I'm gonna be disappointed
Ew FF. Make the kid grow up on Skyrim instead
Run
The husband is in on it as well

Of course it's great. Congrats by extension I suppose. Now you can tell your aunt a bunch of weirdos from the Internet are happy for her
Preposterous I say
Never had a papercut
Kids these days
Nice
Well that's helpful. Is there something to ding Kiri for a thumbs up picture or is gen the best we got?
Which is the ocean between us?
I wasn't here at all but transatlantic? Transpacific? Internet high fives are always welcome
There are 12 of them in the Australian senate
right my bad. 
"A Queensland Senator" would be someone who is the winner of a state election for a specific seat
I'll google real quick
It doesn't have the other house
And queensland is the one with _only _ senators
iirc Senators are voted for by thier party if the party wins a seat election
regardless of if it's 2019 or not
That's not the kind of thing someone in that kind of office should say
Sparkle, you're great, but I've got beef with that statement
Do we actually have any kiwis on this server?
We're known for throwing shade at eachother, but that hurts
I mean I know I throw a lot of shade at queenslanders, but that hurts on a..well I suppose you could call it a patriotic level
You gotta appreciate the work of some feminists though. 
They managed to meme an entire hairstyle
I can't tell
Like..which o
Which one is it
On a different serious note, please tell me this thing didn't happen in Melbourne
I mean yeah this is the first I'm hearing of this but I'm not surprised there's multiple stories going around
I'd make an Australia joke but someone just got murdered
Pissed off ex employee?
Was there a reason why they did it?
Couldn't cross the road for like 10 minutes 😦
I saw you lot walk down collins street
there was one in melbourne today
Isn't the whole reason people don't like one of them is because we're the chill ones?
Then why are you writing a thesis
Wait what
And what fancy letters are you gonna get when you graduate
On the other, you kinda want it to be something good that gets you those degrees
On one hand I agree with miso
Phd, dr etc
Thesis is what you have to write to get those letters around your name
I believe in you
part truth is always better than lying though
Unless you want to tell them the truth, but from what you're saying I don't think that's the ideal scenario
so you either tell them you've got a few extra things to do before 3rd year, or you tell them your next semester is 3rd year and after that say you've got some extra things to do whilst you're doing third year
but it's still teh truth
I mean yeah it's stretching the truth a bit
You graduated the first part of second
You're fine then
in which case you're kinda fucked
Unless you told them you graduated 3rd year
so you graduated 1st year, and now you just gotta redo part of second or all of second before you go to third
like are you currently a 3rd year or something compared to a first year
Has there been a year before this one?
or the semester
I mean did you tell your parents you failed outright or you only failed this subject?
And sure it might not be sequential semesters, but hey, as long as you get there eventually
I'd say "in the nicest way possible.." but I don't think there's a nice way to say it. There's always next semester though
If not, you can ask if you can resubmit or something
depending on how well you did on the other assessments and how everything is weighted, you could have still passed
Wait.. what. How does that work. You only need to submit things in the last 2 weeks?
presumably the last two weeks are just coursework for the next semester post exams
why would you be kicked out for missing 2 weeks?
but with esports, presumably it would be the same. The location of the founders at founding
At least in AFL and ALeague, which are Aussie rules and soccer respectively, the team names are where the club's home field is located when it's founded. For example, Essendon Bombers is still close to Essendon, but the home ground is officially in the city
736k words , 60 chapters and not a complete story yet,
And we're using it in relation to cybnetics
On the core worlds, no classes. Azrael's colony had classes
Also only on the core worlds
Plus most of the military have AIs
Essentially yes on the integrated smart phone, but for all intents and porpoises, no
2445 iirc
I remember joining and diving into the pit of despair that is general. I quickly found that trying to backread general in the mornings is a bad idea
I feel old
I mean I joined in like..January so..does this mean I've graduated from "youngling"
Uhh. 
I think that was when Miku started talking
That was July 22
But yeah if I try and backread most channels I get things like this
Neither do I anymore
Although the feels when one guy is making a valid point and the other is just politics talking around to other things isn't good either
But still, it's not good
I mean true
I didn't see the arts into rail and transport thing, but when you see two political people literally calling eachother names and throwing shade at eachothers party on tv, you know something is wrong
Anyway. Time to go to work. Have fun
For example, do I like that the Metro tunnel construction causes train delays? No, but that thing is gonna be useful
I mean some government spending decisions are questionable, but on the whole once they actually spend money generally it's a good thing
I mean what's wrong with sports arenas. They're infrastructure for the city and often can be used as leverage for tourism
I mean I know it's kinda not great to make fun of politics, but these are funny (and could hypothetically spawn talk of politics so I dumped them here)
You could be like my brother, who rolled a d10 for our recent council elections
Our elections not for a while though
because here, in hospital with covid, perfectly reasonable to skip the vote, but other than that, yeah you gotta vote
Also, america doesn't have compulsory voting does it?
Meanwhile we're at our 6th day of no new cases
Noooooo!
Everywhere else that's called is correct though?
Oh I see what happened. Arizona got called early and bullshittery occurred
got it
So even when things are called, all teh votes aren't in yet
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I thought the whole point of the callign thing is that he can't flip it back?
That flipped last night
AZ? Isn't that Arizona?
It's also rather interesting because it's the reverse of what trump did originally so far. Biden has both the electoral college and the majority of votes
Hahaha, true
If you could bottle the amount of drama and tension this is and put it in movies or tv shows and such, you'd have the next game of thrones
I don't know why I find this process so fascinating
Georgia is less than 100k to go though, and that's 16 votes
I mean if there's 50% of votes not counted...
Why would they call it?
But there is still 191000 votes to go
If he keeps Arizona, he only needs Nevada at minimum, but he wants Georgia too so everything is unequivocally above board
It's also only 3 votes
Sorry, if Biden wins anything else except Alaska, he wins as it stands right now
Trump only wins if everything goes Trump
Yeah, according to math, biden wins if any of them go biden
She actually sounds like she knows what she's doing
Ideally we get the person I put first though.
I mean to be fair I was petty with my vote too. Current guy I put as 10 because he's a dick, last guy I put as 9 because why not, then voted for the others
rolled an 8 first, first person became his 8th preference
We had 10 options, marked in order from 1-10. Seeing as he doesn't care about the council, and half of them didn't actually put in a statement, he literally rolled a d10, and just went down the line
<@504069701911969803>
Georgia is GA because it's one of the few states who's acronym make sense, because US likes twos
nerv ahder is how it sounds as far as I know
ne, vader?
Huehuehue
how's your vocab? because mangas with furigana help with kanji but if your vocab is not good you can't understand anything
There's plenty of translation stuff though for Weiss, and a lot of the series have english versions as well
Your confidence is astounding
Yeah it gets expensive fast
makes sense
Ah
but most of it is in moon runes and you can't understand half of it?
why?
It's a card game
Weiss Schwarz
The only signs I currently run are a Riko in my sunshine deck and a Fuka in my accel world one
If I actually put it in a deck
I mean I can play it in most shop tournaments
Actually, the depressing this is that I can't use my signs in an official tournament (if I ever went to one) because they're all Jap
On the plus side, I have a Kirika and two Bikkis
Haven't got one of them yet
Is that one of the fancy new signs? Or just a regular one?
Watch a regular rom com whilst twisting badly?
The OP is amazing 
The ED on the other hand...eh
Yamada? Witches? 
Yamada and the seven witches is amazing
And if you play an ignite module in basically any symphogear deck I know I'm proably about to get my ass handed to me
I know exactly what each card does in the chain leading up to it becaus eit's what I try and do every game
e.g Empress Rebellion Maria or Airgetlam Serena
Or because I really like the effect
I can kinda read them, and I know what each does because translations and such
I should watch it again
quality content
I watched that show years ago
who and why?
</3
Wait you didn't know my timezone? Rak, I'm insulted and wounded thst you can't remember where I am in the world
But I'm gonna sleep and then I'm heading into the city this afternoon
0135
I mean unless you plan on starting like...1 your time (i think. Might be 3am for you) I'm out for the start of it
<:GenjuurouThumbsUp:336657189475188740>
Eh you're all weird. 
But you like symphogear so you can't all be horrible
I get the feeling you care far too much about roles. I read every channel here except XDU like a normal person
Well I'll be sleeping. I'll check in when I wake up
Yeah alright. When
Shul Shagana and Ame no Habakiri though...tough decision
I mean twintails are pretty great. But I'm more Tsubasa over Shirabe. 
I'm weak to the leg
Date a live is 
>Random godlike spirits can potentially destroy the world
>if MC can kiss them he binds thier powers to mortality
Weaponised...fetishes? 
I'm oddly intrigued
Date a live is something I need to rewatch.
I feel twintails is an odd name for an anthropomorphic mech anime
So I just looked it up and the Liger Zero never actually uses the red armour. It inly uses Jaegar,Schneider and occasionally Panzer (blue, orange and green)
Is that meant to be an anthropomorphic Liger Zero Panzer?
Yeah alright. Night everyone
Jesus that shit is loud
And ideally the fucking street cleaner garbage collecter not rolling through the street at 2am
Computer + wifi on the other hand
Mobile data + phone = not ideal watching situation
More the fact no wifi
Well there's this thing called staying at the grandparent's
It's more the fact that I may be not at home
No promises
I can probably do Saturday
A bit of an aggressive way to say not today
Unless you mean in 6 or so hours, in which case listen to the chorus of bye bye lullaby again
Not sure how functional I'll be
I mean it's doable
Uh I mean how early are we talking
Damn
!sleep well
!good night
Now that Saki is back do we have that Kiri slerp thing again?
Alright good talk. Anything else before bed?
Nah all good. I'll just be here faithfully remembering people's rough timezones or locations whilst people forget about me
I'm very lost here
I uhhh
I watched the series and rebellion once years ago
Is that classroom monochrome?
