Just need these last few crystals and i can start steamrolling the Power one for my second LU
i can try hosting one after i finish the current one
Yeah i'm running the Dexterity one for Giga Crystals cause my Power team is not complete crap
can I have some tips on completing these raids? I really close to my first LU but even when I'm dealing at least 10% of the health and dealing the killing blow I can't get these Giga Fantasy Crystals to drop. I get *maybe* 1 per run. I only need 3 more
If anyone wants to help

What's better, Request Everyone or only Friends/Followers?
I'm going to need some help doing Dexterity  if possible, I want to try to get my first LU before the CC ends
FeelsBadMan
crap, I've been consistently getting the Hunt bonus and placing top 3 and these damn Giga Fantasy Crystals won't drop
Is there anything else special I should be doing to get the best rewards or is it just pure luck base if you get a Giga Crystal?
Darn, just missed it
Thanks for the help
Oh and even though I didn't get the last hit, I got 2 Giga Fantasy Crystals! All done with Erin/Bikki and on to XD Shirabe
Even still, you guys do like 3 times as much damage than I do so it still helps
If anyone could help out on this one I would appreciate it. It's been more than 3 hours and I haven't gotten much help and am worried I can even kill it at this rate

Is your name in reference to Tanya btw?
Dang, I want to join in the fun but I'm only two Giga Fantasy Crystals away from my first LU then I can work on my next one which needs Giga Miracles
Ah dang, well I'll try to help out next time, i actually do damage now that I finally got my first level 70
<@234130653346660353> I don't know if it's still up but I just found a Power Raid with only 12K hp left
Thanks Rakhi, managed to kill her before she disappeared. Unfortunately only thing I got of note was Giga Rainbows which just adds to the endless supply of them.
If anyone is doing green Carol, I would like to know. I do about 150K/5BP. I can also help with power at 350K/5BP.
