hoi
How is this for a fucked up story:
Girl who is paralyzed from the waist down is granted healing from her so called doppelganger and is told in one week she must kill another like her or have her disability back but twice as worse. She commits the crime but learns the hard truth. 
They had been tricked by the person claiming to be their doppelganger was actually someone they knew who tells the truth that if she and the other people in the same situation did not forsake their morals and did not murder others to survive. They could of won the game but despite that they murdered. They choose to believe the lie instead of discern the truth and so they are damned to murder each other to survive and if they don't then that's when they get what they had twice as worse. They mirrored the things that they hated.
~
"You cured your cancer, but ended up becoming cancer of the lowest kind. " "You who wanted independence because you felt helpless, now you stand before me as helpless to stop your fate."
Its DeX Carol
Ranging from always silenced to always confused
That's a crap ton of debuffs
All I can say is I hope in the near future, it gets more easier
Gotchu
I need to get one with the raid train so I can save up my stuff >>
What's your code
O
Hexa quests happen every three days so I assume you can get some there
They are scarce
After you do your adverts and events and etc
I just think unity shatds need to drop more
Mhm those are a lot tbh
Eh if only there was a 30 AP Crystal Quest that drops only unity shards. It would make my life easier
I need to farm some miracles if anyone is interested? Just looking for some raid clears since its hards with randums
I have a 56
I wish I had a 70 to give >>
Added both
I will ad you
If so I would like your code
Anyone got raids up

I still have my carol raid up
*l
DeX Carok Up if anyone wants to poke
I am looking for friends who are putting up raids DM codes
Yeet

Need raid bosses to die
Tech and rainbow gems
I would like materials lol

I am a few materials away from first 70
Feel free to poke
Aight doing tech raids and relic raids
I just need 4 of each lol
Welp got crap off that kill lol. No giga techs or giga melody lol

I still got two raid bosses for relic and tech
Raid bosses are taking forever to die. Either randums are passive or no one does damage
*wait or stalk when the hp is low enough for me to kill then snicker that I stole it from someone
Now I waiy

Screw it lol
Should I just hit every hard raid boss and say
Never had stubborn materials back talk me
4 giga crystals and 4 giga melodies is all I need
Never gives you what you want
Well now I see while ya'll hate raiding lol

Kill this relic
Ya'll can
What's your ID <@260610587631943692>
Lemme know if ya'll have a tech raid up
~~or sob when they give me giga rainbows and crystals~~
Poke it if you will. I want to kill it so I can get the hunt bonus and finally get my giga techniques


She is coming along lol
Anywho I will put up another Fine raid in the morning
However wants to poke

I get giga alchemy crystals easy and miracle ones
I think the giga melodies are the lowest rate if em all tbh
You think after all that time they would at least give me one
I've done so many raids its not even funny.
Yep I give up.
God I am so pissed
I just need 4 giga melodies, a simple 4.
This the kind of sht I get

I can do 30 raids and 0 giga melodies probably cause it knows I need them
I need giga melodies. Like seriously the game wont give me the one thing I need to actually LU my first 70
I have gotten highest damage on all these relic raids and it keeps giving me power giga crystals.
Whomever wants to poke and kill and have disappointment of no giga melodies

*sigh* I've killed over 20 relics and no giga melodies. This is the most tortuous thing ever
Ahhh debuff carol
^nah your good fam. Everytime I know you have a raid up, I know it gets finished and thats why I join ^^
Whomever needs body stuff before banner hits

oof
Oh i thought i saw melodies
<@!234130653346660353> what have you been farming. Farm Fine for Giga Melodies
I need some miracle farm and magic farms so
Once CC Cup is over I shall open carol raids for all
Green Carol will be up soon
Imma bring it up
*need
Ain't what raid does people newd
oof
Kanade
I will have to see Cais
She is tanky asf
lol use my tech chris to clear you tactic book sht
I have cais lol
All three of you
I will add you too
Mhm I will add ^^
I might kill it and reap the rewards
by the time I finish this carol it will be close to death
Im tired of randumbs who have weak crap friending me lol
Same lol
oo
r
lol carol cant kill heale
oof should be 150k
XD maria right
Imma MLB her
im saving it for Miku
I should eat about 100-120
attacking rn <@!113155650434904064>
i need my miracles for my upcoming waifu
Imma join and kill it after this quest
<@!113155650434904064> is it dead yet
so kek
Imma be grinding miracles
There is your green carol

I seperate via atk
Nah I just do atk
and clear up space
LOL LU your units
I will LU her
went the event reruns
My Tsubasa was one away from LU
LOL\
all my 5*s lol

ifnya'll want to
poke my green carol
ooof I was gonna add you ruby lol
oo I will use your 70 Chris Koi
no gigas lol
drop me some gigas plox
my D carol is still up
kek snipped this P Carol
Green Carol. Poke it but dint kill it because I want the hunt reward lol

I killed one of the auto scores, all is left us Carol
This Carol is almost dead

Now cap your kirika
the dragon drops Miracles?
So I may reap my gigas
Poke if you may
Last green carol for the day
ty
And 70 my miku and event miku
Then I can whale on edgybikki banner
I'm like 10 miracles away
And not care
Then I can waste on miracles
YES
When next month hits, I will have over 100
Because I am done to 4 rice
I am limited on raid options
Now I can awake original Miku when the event comes out
Also yay fine for dropping 5 giga melodies
Will do green carol raid later
Poke and kill

so kill it
but have no rice
tempted
I am saving
But I have about 1.1k gems
I'm guaranteed jii next roll
But Leader Body Jii is what you need
Whom buffs and hits hard
Your damage Body is Chris
Body Kiri is a mob clearer
*mine
Eh I'm waiting for another data minr
And wait for them to criticize my work ethic and how I am not focused when I am.
If not I will try tomorrow. Since I work at like 2
Just later today
I will take up on that offer too
And get my stuff
I would love to one hp a Green Carol
OOOF hook me up
<@98283721718763520> how you know its hacked lol
?
Sanic raid meaning it dies quickly
*miracle
and hope for giga melody
WAELP i will wait for sanic or ahegao to come and bring up a g carol
F
F
F
and no giga miracles
Now it dead
4k left
in it rn
its about to be dead
I sniped it
<@!87303126884847616> it dead
HEHEHE
Green carol plzzzzz
I was at work but I'm off so
*down for it
I'm done for it
and my other MLB
finished my XD MLB coming soon
and done
I love stlking me some low end raids
HEHEHEHEHEHEH
sniped the carol
Now I just wait for KamenRider's carol to get low then SNIPE
Whale country for sure
Lol that thing was dead before you even hit, "attack"
More giga Ints plz

i get a lot on rage raids
rage raid
<@!224334503731003393> giga melodies
well i havent hit request from friends yet
ID- 257,039,555
@herep carol raid up with I assume 1hp?
nah its gonna be whoever had the id
My first is P carol so whoever needs a carol join in
Just wait for others to join before you merrily take everything
Alright raiders. I have an alt account that will give you 1hp raids so if you have requests I will be more than happy to give you the raid
not my main
its on my alt
yes
nah its only 8.3k hp
very low anyone can kill that lol
ahuh
9k hp
P carol raid up
you need tech <@!293555261250076673>?
anyone can kill that
its about 50k left so
im about to kill it on my main
<@!136977123524083712> go ahead
you can go right now
Int raid up
im doing an int raid rn crystak
Im trying to figure out the right damage to set
So how is damage determined
to get it down to a very low
Im just trying to find the bare minumal damage I need
I will get it as low as I can
but you can poke my tech raid
Ik its hard
be on stand by
<@!264433240213946368> your tech raid is coming
so I shall
alright tech raid alys requested
just hurry
my p carol
ya'll are free to hit
yep
Note to self
I knocked it down as much as I could
well join my p carol raid atm
but requires me to fight but thats fine
I got it working finally
I will
<@!410459126208921610> liessss
ive been lied too
oof
I give up
i did exactly that and its like no
i feel lied too
retreat its 1 hp
all it is, enter battle
there has to be more than its letting on
i will try another
or something
must of done it wrong
im attacking it on my mainr n
idk if the health moves
for my test
its up <@!136977123524083712>
retreat after talk
so just
so
because I had none
welp cc is over today
Raid requests?
I will take that 1.2 mil damage contribution lol
Raid is dead

<@87303126884847616>
where that giga fantasy tho
A wonderful mix
~~add onto of everything. She has aspergers and is bipolar~~
Never been more in love with someone
I love this girl to death
It is a burden
She is 17
I am 20 actually
It wasnt like this
When she was younger
When she talked about it in the past
It was never this bad
^ she has a history of it
Quite frankly she needs to be again
She has been institutionalized for this before
^multiple times
We have been together
9 months
She used to have it when she was 12
Yes
She has a past with it
About a month or two
Then feel shitty
Like she eats food tries to estimate the calories
17
About a fuckitn Quaker bar
Believe me she does
Oh she had anxiety
Her sister used to nag her about eating and believe it or not. She cared and she didnt like it
That's just the toppings on the cake
~~aka asian family. Asians know this~~
It's the only thing she can control
The only reason she has it because she likes the control
Get help
I told her if it got this bad
Freaking had a panic attack over a Quaker Bar
If she is underweight
She only sees this as s problem
I want her to get better
Quite frankly it's extremely tough
I am about to distance myself
Just a nickname lol
Little Kai is a friend of ours

This is what it's like to talk
But I feel kind of broken
I have a lot of willpower
She is a danger to herself
Really she plans on not eating tomorrow
She is an endanger to herself
Because quite frankly destroying relationships, anxiety and obesession
Yes she needs it
Maybe I can find a way to make that happen and make it anonymous
Quite frankly she needs to be instutionalized
She does need professional help
East
I just might distance myself
I appreciate it <@165030821353226240>
As stupid and ridiculous as that sounds
Not attack your stomach
They here to settle the new world
The Quakers arent coming for her
Yes
And yes
Her mother cares
And she can do whatever she wants
So she feels euphoria that they finally gave up
Her parents are old and are "too old" to deal with it
^you think she would Shirabe
Too anxious
I am too scared
It physically HURTS
I cant
BUT
She said yes I need to get better
No one will nag
"Well if I am alone,I can do whatever"
Being alone fixes nothing
And really that doesnt fix anything
Leaving is cowardly and tonight she wanted to leave and block
Because I dont want to be remembered as leaving
But I stick by and dont abandon
She always tells me to leave
Tbh I thought I would be ignored
And actually get better
And figure our what can I do to get her ass moving
Just looking to talk and vent
Believe me we have some really good memories
It was a really good relationship
It wasnt always like this
Because it's a lot
A lot of stuff I cant mention
I've been through a lot with her
A ticking time bomb
Yes
When it drops my giga melodies
Me too^
But cant fuckinf take care of herself
And wants to go to med school
She wants to be a doctor
Ironic is
She is almost 18
Pfft
Pffy
I thought I was gonna get ignored really
I need to hear all of this
Just thanks for being there
^Glad I left her
I feel a weight lifted off my shoulders
I broke up with her
Besides that, anyone ever been apart of something that really like gave you depression and like weighed you down heavily? Like this thing was driving you insane to the point you wanted to die. A situation you cannot leave but wish you could.
I wonder why Italy is dying so quickly. People there got weak immune systems or are they old or both? Or were they pretty unsanitary to begin with?
Thing is I ain't afraid of covid
^ that too
Thing is Covid most always kills the older folks
Eh it can spread
Ebola was dangerous but we ain't quarantine for that lol
^
Black Plague
Swine flu
Ironic if you think about it
It's the way of depopulization
Every 20 years something like this happens
If that's the case, ask em for some files about some people you know
Well it's not our job to know what ALL goes on in the government
That's why they thinking about it real hard
The government knows what happens if they do
Congress has that power
They can <@686676373364146353>
Trickle down economics is a thing
If they shut down companies, ya'll looking at a loss of jobs
People dont get that part
Thing is the U.S. is headed towards a depression
I promise if I screamed the Corona. They would send me home
The U.S. is headed towards a depression
That's what's ironic. If I had the Corona you think I would work or be driving?
The quarantine is necessary but if people really did have the corona they wouldnt be driving or working
I would assume upwards because they said it killed thousands since day 1. I have an email with the report on it.
I assume there is a level of bias when it comes to the number
I mean for deaths, did each person count how many people died?
But are they exact numbers
This happened because its voting season lol
It's always been about politics
Its 2020 voting year
<@106866895076003840> He can downplay it, but the government wanted this to happen so they could destroy his economy and credibility.
I would know because I am one of them. But I did learn how to be resourceful.
Resourcefulness is not their strong suit
^yes
That thing gonna pop faster than Miku and Hibiki on the top bumk
End of the world when Hibiki punches Yellow Stone
^just rui
Believe me it ain't end of world lol
*miku
~~miyu is first victim to fisting~~
~~then her fist becomes the carrier~~
She will just punch it
That I bet 720 song stones on
Thing is I will verify the government knew about this, but they waited because they wanted to discredit the president
And your toilet paper
Gets all your can goods
People acting like its nuclear winter out there
When q will probably last about a month or two
6 months of it
So they buy toilet paper
Millennials dont know how to be resourceful and reuse old towels
In drivers
Corona brings out the more stupid
But the state of Soutu Carolina lol
Well I do know for one the whole toilet paper thing is insane lol
Every disease that comes, it's usually the same record. Wash your hands.
^Song For The World
*many
*manu
Which mant should of been doing already before
All I know is washing hands is a closure answer
How would I know if I was a carrier? Be a paranoid schizophrenic?
To a problem they cant fix
That's a closure answer
Wash your hands
Science only gave you a closure answer
Because I am immune to practically everything
It's just water, you got some at home
No need to stab someone over fuji water
You got water at home lol
Lol
It's on video
Which happened
^says the guy who stabbed someone over water
Rednecks wanna work
50th in driving
50th in education
South Carolins
And same amount of drivers on the road
Still the same amount of stupid drivers
I think my state is the stupidest of them all
Certaintly not q
If this was last year, what would the government do?
Nah I think well all agree. Its 2020 voting season
Animal diseases can mutate in human bodies
Since it didnt come from a human, but an animal. That's why it's deadly
its expected to mutate two more times
SARS
^
^wet markets of Wuhan
^
It is conspiracy but it fits so well
Government is there to keep president in check
Since December
It's been in the U.S.
Or Jan
It's not a conspiracy. If they were serious about Corona they would of q'd us December
So it didnt go there way
Thing is Lily, government bet his supporters would come out to vote in quarantine and though the libs would do so. But unfortunately the libs are quarantined too
I just have to figure out which stocks will rise enough
Mhm
Tesla, Amazon, Medical Companies
Companies making that gonna be rich
Some vibulators
Imma invest in some stock
Once the gov hands me my 1.2k check
^
It could happen. I'm not paranoid. I just know what happens when companies shut down and business lose money and stocks got down the drain
If they are smart about their decisions then yes. Another depression wont happen.
How long did it take to get out of the depression?
Middle class will fall apart
People have to eat etc
If they really wanna reduce it
Before the gov pulls the plug
I think that's why its a race for a cure
That I cannot deny
For certain
^it will be in the history books
Like they did with small pox
They will probably end up eradicating it
I think it wont last for a month or two
Since people are working round clock to create a vaccine
I assume flu's do as well
Usually colds have different strains
Unless the flu mutates that year
Some who get the vaccine could get the flu at a low chance
^but they are 50/50
Well if the flu is that dangerous. Let's q every year
Which is intriguing
^I think most of the mortality is from weakened immunes
*COVID
Coughvid 19
If I get the corona I will let you know
Same
Uncommon sense is a wonderful new revolutionary thing
Common sense isnt much more common anymore
^Yes
And so my professor can stop making extra work for no reason lol
Where my face to face classes
It's been about 2 weeks and I ain't infected so
Everybody be like "wipe the counters, lysol the handles, when I shake your hand, you break the germex into shambles"
Like 1 or 2
Per company
I wonder how many shares
Sell em shares
It hurts
I miss her, you know. I loved her and I believed she was the one. I hated how she fell back into her eating disorder and just destroyed everything. It's hard seeing the person that once said I love you and they cant say it back anymore
I just think I might need therapy again if its slowing dipping back into old habits
Never really
I dont want to sink back into depression and I dont want think about doing something rash to myself and I dont want to get back in the addiction of cutting myself. I am feeling remorseful yes, but I just feel it creeping up on my again.
I have flashbacks of memories and pain and trauma every so often. Almost like PTSD and they have become more frequent and its driving me back into an old place. I just feel like I need to be on stronger meds to help me get out of this hole
Now I feel like I am sinking back into depression just after losing my lover. Idk maybe I'm just lonely and that I dont have many friends or anything. I just feel like I need to self-medicate.
I felt really happy and I was ontop of the world. School was good, I had someone who loved me and I worked at a job that at least gave me a little bit of respect.
I feel like I am dipping back into old habits
Idk how I am going to get over it because I am so hurt.
*sigh* I just can't forget my ex. Someone just had to text me they had a dream my girlfriend and I got married and she was my "lobster" and it just hurts.  It just hurts and no amount of games or Symphogear, or writing can numb the pain of this heart break I keep shoving down.  Just gah, its been a month and I'm still hurt.
So why worry if it's just a small percent. So if you really wanna change something they sh you shouldnt rely on numbers and instead just do a shut down
1% of country has corona
But alas people wont do anything because they have done the statistics
Thousands come and thousands leave
Its because of restraunts being open the spread is still prevalent
And coming and mitigate their duty
Because if not people(I work at a restraunt drive thru) will keep coming
Shut down everything for 15 days
If they want to solve this
Thing is I dont have closure because I cant speak to her and I dont know if she got help or was instutionalized. I am left with the PTSD of all these memories of everything and I feel like I am losing myself
essentially I am alone
I dont really know who is my friend anymore
*times
I cant really say. My trust has been broken so many ties
I was jealous really. Coming from a life of abuse and everything, I wasn't loved very much and watching other people be loved just bittered my heart
Im trying not fall back into old habits. I was a very bitter person. Bitter at the world, bitter at the fact that pretty much I didn't have many friends or people never crushed on me
So essentially thats what I believed for her to be
Context is lobsters mate for life
and ive already had my mental breakdown
and everything has gone to shit
I am lonely
I have no girlfriend
The last thing I needed at my job was for someone to complain and im trying to get better but after every talk, it takes piece of me and now I will probably lose my trainer title
Just remember kids if health care is free ya'll gonna have to wait for months when you got something serious. Just look at Britain ;)
I guess America couldn't feel the burn
You have to pay the doctors, the hospital, the equipment etc.
It isnt complex lol. You make something free someone has to pay for it
Because the money has to come from somewhere correct? Because it isnt truly free.
So they jack the prices to compensate for it
Because britain has free health care
Yes jacked up prices
Well if you do a comparison between a 100 dollars of groceries here and 100 in Britain. In the U.S. you get more stuff
Money has to come from somewhere and you dont know how much they will jack the prices
Believe me. Research countries that have it free. Their prices are jacked
Making it free is a worse choice
I get that the health care system is a universal broken mess and I agree that it should be affordable
Look at Britains prices expensive asf
You tax the rich, the rich are gonna tax the poor
You cant just make it free
The money has to come from somewhere
Your still gonna be poor if its free
Would you rather wait months for a daily check-up or a day here when you have the resources
It's a double edge sword
Nah as good as a deal you think
If you make health care free. A. The money has to come somewhere so most likely more taxes. B. Everybody will be coming in for every little sniffle and scratch and the waiting list will grow.
Health Care is an impossible system. It has too many flaws within it. It's a system where the happiness of people is impossible because you have to do one thing instead of another. An ultimatum in a sense.

What should be happening is free enterprise and capitalism should be kicking ass trying to lower the prices that is affordable but I guess it's too much to ask.
Isnt that kind of high?
How much more taxes are we talking anyway?
Since I assume they are paying for it
Not you
Nah I meant the country
Since the money has to come from somewhere
Wouldnt ya'll be in debt since its free
So what is exactly different then anyway
I look at percentages I look at both sides
Not really propaganda. I just do the research
But there is no democracy
You involve the gov in everything they get power hungry
It's in control of the people for a reason
Job, health, etc
Decisions on how the market is run, decisions about every single aspect of your life
Get the government to do everything sounds wonderful doesnt it? To have your decisions made for you?
If everyone is working the same, doing the same. You lose motivation, you lose competition
Because being equal isnt all that's cracked up to be
Would you rather have socialism like good old feel the Bern
Because that's how rates get lower
It's also about competition
Insurance companies need to get off their high horse and actually help people
Yeah because the U.S. is all about the crap
My point is health care and student loans etc are a big source of economy for a reason
You dont know how much higher taxes
High prices are bad
Free is bad
Exactly that's the problem
My point is drag yourself in debt for something free
Someone has to pay the doctors etc
My point is you make health care free, someone is going to have to pay for the millions of dollars
So a lot of taxes is what I am hearing
I do agree that parliament makes better decisions than the U.S
More brackets the better I assume
Yikes that 45% tax
Housing expensive to?
I need to vent. Will someone hear me out? This is gonna get dark
So it seems there is a stereotype on the other side too that all cops are bad.
And cars of course going slow within neighborhoods and stalking officers homes
Well around my town people have been finding cops houses and have been spray painting arrows saying they are cops and they should kill them
Not over text but over the phone because she sounds better over phone than text
Maybe we just need to have a serious discussion about our relationship
I want to say something but I dont want to hurt her
I know. This just happened over time. She was passionate and did this a lot and then after the world went to shit. Things just have been different
*sigh* I feel like I am the only one making an effort in my relationship. I am the only one who wants to get physically affectionate and I am the only one who wants to say I love you. Like I dont know how to approach this in a conversation that will hurt the both of us
I have PTSD too. A lot has happened throughout my childhood that bled into my young adult life. Ruminative thoughts reminded me how horrible each experience was
Calling me all those horrible things and making assumptions. Never forgetting the mistakes I made
People were hellbent on making me relapse anyway
I worked for years to stay happy and I was better but I relapsed so hard yesterday
Unfortunately I wish it was that easy
How do you deal with relapse?
But every second that goes by, it drives me insane
She says she is trying to minimize harm sp she can get to the place of recovery
Like she tells me she isnt going to die
Worse case scenarios are like coma and cardiac arrest
It scares the shit out of me
I read up on the physical symptoms of what could happen
But that tiny piece of me screams that I dont and I want to get her help so she dpesnt have to do it anymore
And I trust her
She says she is trying
But it scares me she indulges in it
She talks about it freely with me
I know they arent easy to resolve and I know it is deep rooted. But I love her to death but I cant stand being worried at the time and when she mentions it,it just gives me anxiety
And I wish she would just realize the error of her ways
You can only do so much
Sadly the rona has closed places where she needs to be
Unfortunate they refuse to get help
Sometimes I wonder what does it take to snap someone out of an eating disorder. They know the science behind it and they know the damage they cause and still do it anyway. Eventually it will cause death if purging continues and blood wont regulate well.
Girlfriend and I broke up
Just fuck it all
I am just upset and nobody cares
No one will listen anyway
Why can't somebody just...
Why am I always chosen over somebody
DAMN IT! ... why does no one love me
FUCK!
FUCK FUCK FUCK
FUCK THAT GODDAMN DISODRDER! STOLE EVERYTHING FROM ME
FUCK IT
She would rather have her AN than someone who cares and loves
Not even a person
FUCKING INANIMATE OBJECT
She chose a fucking disorder over me
I am not
An inanimate object... over me
The disorder over me...
She chose...
She chose
She really did
So it's not like it's been days
It happened a hour ago
I can't get better
She said leave me. I am not getting better
She said leave me
So choose the fucking object over me
Rather be happy and not recover while people around her suffer
Instead of wanting to get better so we can be happy
It is so hurtful
It is degrading
That is an insult
AN OBJECY
That's a fucking new low
But an INAIMIATE OBJECT
I've had relationships were girls leave me for someone else
She would rather choose a fucking inanimate object then someone who has been to hell with her
Then me
She would rather live with it and have it make her happy
She chose her eating disorder over me
Well science is coming up with new stuff and will probably later come out and say "It wasn't as bad" So i would take it as a grain of salt until otherwise new study
https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nvss/vsrr/covid19/excess_deaths.htm
There are those and then there are they died from other causes but counted as COVID
Well how many of those deaths was COVID was not primary
Well recovery rate is 99.96% according to a recent CDC statistic that I saw recently that the news doesn't want to report
I am just having a hard time wrapping my head around. People now care when they never did before
What a shame
"Oh its not me"
They see someone dying and bat an eye
Nobody cares who lives or dies except if its someone close to them
So fuck that
I rushed over and helped while people honked their horns and sat their ebcause food is more important the life of someone else
Where I am getting at is. Saturday I was working and a friend passed out in the drive thru. I was in the middle of something so its hard to stop what I am doing. All I see is a bunch of people staring and watching and doing nothing as she is on the ground
It should of not of taken a pandemic to get people to actually care
Because it should of been cared for to start with
Well its hypocricy if you ask me
until its over
Well that is society for you. They are following the trend for caring right now
And now we care?
People die on a daily basis from Rona or not.
I mean you don't see people crying over the deaths of their enemies in war and white knighting that 1% when people die
Its hypocricy
So we appreciate health professionals now but not before? We care who lives and dies now but not before?
I work in a public setting on a daily basis. For months on end, if I would of gotten it. I would have already. Then you got "white knights" of the 1% who magically care who live or die now because before nobody cared 2020
I wouldn't want to believe everyone has it. People are hustling and bustling about this whole thing is because that's what they want you to believe. Yeah sure I believe the rona is a thing, but science studies have shown to say it isn't as bad as they thought such Q period lowered to 10 days and it not sticking to surfaces like they thought
DO NOT assume everyone has it because your putting unneccessary fear on people. Just say be safe and wear a mask without the whole "assume everyone has it and trust no one"
Well I think the college should of worded this very differently when they wrote this email: "When engaging individuals off-campus, you would be wise to assume everyone you meet might be infected with COVID-19. There’s no way to know for sure, so following the same protocols off-campus as you do on-campus decreases your chances of infection. Better safe than sorry! "
I would choose to live with it until a solution is found
Close everything down and suicide rates skyrocket because the economy is shit or we learn to live with it instead of fearing it
Well you have two options
Well we learn to live with car accidents and deaths every right right?
Yeah I am mad but we are just gonna have to learn to live with this
Well should we panic and live in fear for the rest of our lvies for a virus
Can't live in fear forever
Well we can all agree that we have to learn to live with it
Well that is pretty obvious
nationally no, locally yes
Technically locally they are news
I just say start over when it comes to news tbh
But they wont report that because it doesn't fit the narrative
There is no flu, or cold. Hell haven't even heard of cancer
Well the real question that nobody is asking is? What happened to all the other diseases since everything is Rona
Its a smart virus. Smartest I have ever seen
So if its full and everyone is busy shouldn't it be like idk 2 hours or more
I got a notification that the ER wait time was only 5 minutes lol
Human error'
because even in common knowledge of statistics(took a class) its easy to get values wrong
Basing a pandemic on a statistic is really a mistake
Hospitals get money from COVID-19 deaths
You can't trust people because the information is wildly inconsistent
Some say they arent
Some doctors say the hospitals are full
You cant trust any reports
where are they even getting it from anyway
No where has accurate numbers lol
Q period is 10 days and it doesn't stick to surfaces. Science has continously came out with things debunking it
Yeah because science has done the studies and have came out with new information
The moral dilemma utilitarianism is what the states are doing. Many are working while the few die.
Again its utilitarianism
Not really. The summarize in a sense it is utilitarianism
Well if the deaths are preventable I would suggest you blame the states that control that power.
from COVID or not
Oh I care, but people die everyday
People die in war right. People die everyday
Well let me be a sadist and say I rather have a functioning economy then worry about the 1%
*economy
Well you would think they reopened quickly because they need the econoy
They shut everything down way too early
The mistake was shutting things down too early
Things can't be free without reason
So have badly have they shot up taxes?
where are they getting it from
Where are they getting that money is the real question
Middle class would be destroyed
No money
No Jobs
Well suicide rates will skyrocket if they close everything down
I dont know what the hell happened
Ever just lie down and relax and then all the sudden in your eyes you feel like your falling into the void like sludge seeing holes but your body feels light and then your eyes gently open and your reality is distorted
I wonder how that would look on paper. "Arrested For Assault from A Deadly Tweet" They are so gonna get beaten in prison lol
He is a stubborn little thing. Made it this far.
Thanks. My poor poor dog. My best friend *sigh*
I know my dog is dying but I hate to see him suffer but my mother is insistent on keeping this 15 year old dog alive. I love him just as much as she does but even I know it hurts to see him suffer and live
Part of me frustrated that I should of spent my time trying not to fix her or not saying anything at all. But just knowing, her participating, it ate me alive.  Nothing I could do. Part of me is upset because that kind of love(wasn't always toxic she was an amazing girl) isn't easy to come by and my luck with relationships and girls right now have been so bad, that these damn memories still linger around.

I am just expected to move on with my life and act like this crap never happened. Being helpless and unable to do anything and then just watching it twist someone you love into something you don't recognize and then dump you in the trash. It's traumatizing and it eats you alive and lives in your head rent free. You can't view love or romantic interests the same anymore because you don't want to go through it again.
All this mess and memories stemmed from stupid couple of messages. I am just too nice to block them and too nice not to say I don't wanna talk to you.  Because I really don't think she knows how much she destroyed me even if I was collateral damage to that dammed disorder
It's almost like the equivalent of a love one dying except the person is still living and wrote you off because she ended up getting together with someone else(who also shared said disorder. Whoo trauma bonding!)
Needless to say, she must of been on some bipolar high because our relationship is a blur to her and she doesn't remember much. You can say that eating disorder took everything away from me. The only true love I felt. You think I could get over this after a year but it festers and its there and sure as hell it makes me frustrated and upset
I've been chosen over people before. That crap hurts, but when you choose something that live in your head rent free and "worship it romantically". She was obessessed and it was the only thing she felt she could control being on the verge of life and death. She didn't want to get better because that meant losing control and without control, meant  going back to being happy
I was chosen over a disorder. Came to the point if I were to die, she'd choose it over me. This was about a year ago but that shit still hurts
Yes it was
An eating disorder is like an inanimate object that lives in your head rent free. Twists your mind til you spend 24/7 thinking about it trying to tame it as it screamed it wants more than you can give it.
A mental disorder
Attachment was not over a physical objecy
I had to that end that conversation quickly as my anxiety and memories were flaring up my stomach giving me problems.  I just didn't want to think about the old things. They are too, ingrained and traumatizing in my brain and I just don't want to see those again. Still baffles me today how an almost soul mate relationship tore apart because she refused to get therapy for her mental health. Choose the disorder over me. Everytime.  I don't want to see them, but that memory. That memory is always there lingering. Reminding me it wasn't a person she chose over you. It was an inanimate object.
Idk how to feel about this. My ex randomly adds me on friend again. Honestly thought something was wrong or she needed someone to talk to. But her reasoning for doing so was, "didn't expect you it" and it was on "impulse". Like I feel like those are excuses or rather  I don't know what they were thinking
I know I don't talk much on here, but it's honestly late and I just need people to vent to. I am just tired of being "that guy" to everyone. Seeing their smiles and knowing people like me, but that's all I am to people. I want to be viewed in a romantic light and to be loved like everyone else, but I am just guy who's amusing and entertaining. And what's not to like about that except, not romance. *sigh* I've had the last straw. I guess I just need to make people realize when I am not there to realize I am not solely for amusement.
I thought you were refering to gundam
i saw you mention gundam
I think your refering to unicorn arent you serious
It is a show about nothing but fire
Definitely lol
This anime actually is lit

Is it about some guy who can see the "red lines of fate"
About to say 20 years
that's what I thought
How old is Tsukihime
~~wants to understand Tsukihime~~ Sounds like an interesting concept
Exactly how did he lose it
I heard about that
Well if it's possible to plagiarize yourself then copyrighting yourself is possible oof
Eh how can something that doesn't exist be at fault
So if ya'll suspect copyright shit then what exactly did they "copyright"
And what exactly did they copyright?
Somehow has been pushed more than Tsukihime. Question is why is Tsukihime always getting shafted
They got like a bunch of movies and a crossover from Fate. Garden of Sinners or something?
Interesting enough Shiki has been pushed more than Tsukihime
~~thigh slayer has ancestors~~
^which surprised they haven't made an anime for it.
Who also appeared in Under Night In Birth
Melty Blood lol
For Tsukihime
Well how did Fate become popular and if they utilize the same strategy.
I confused it with another VN by Type Moon
Ye I know.
Same company different VN
Oof another Type Moon VN
Animation was decent
Higurashi is an eye bleed
^seen it
I heard of that
OOF
Personally I am looking for anime that is outside the norm
Jujutsu Kaisen any good?
^
Fire Force has surprised me with its story telling and works building but I haven't seen anything that was like HOLY SHIT
I haven't seen an anime that has "wowed" me
It was decent
I finished From Commonplace to World's Strongest the other day.
Shall I add it to my list?
Death March?
Some anime have too much plotholes
If written properly
I do love animes that have great world building
it's actually pretty good. surprisingly
I am watching Fire Force rn
I mean Promised Neverland S2 looks promising
In the mean time idk how next years anime is looking
Whelp soon we will know who is Grand Berserker and such
If Nasu leaves, then who will take it over after oof
from ping ponging different things to each other after another finishes
Only so much you can do at home
Everything is the rona fault. Remember everything was "Satan's" fault. Whelp now we got a new one
Like no cap
-Edens Zero
"Looks a lot like Fairy Tail"
The real question is these webtoons that became animes. How successful were they?
Well let's not forget Code Geass confirmed another series
Sounds like a mecha anime
Edens Zero?
Lol my friend said watch it and I was like idk what to suspect. It just keeps getting better lol
Well I still have to finish Hunter x Hunter
Shield Hero is like next season or the one after
Didnt they confirm Log Horizon S3?
Arifureta has a S2 next year
How weird is this "World Trigger"
of the original manga
Same a Ga-Rei Anime
^I have heard about World Trigger
Not rushed and flesh over perfectly
I enjoyed every minute
It was such a great anime with a good storyline
Ga-Rei Zero
You see my favorite anime is out of the   norm
They tried to make it look like a more anime but LIED to us
Like it was fleshed out better than the original
Speaking of unfinished anime. I forgot I started Kurokami
Took me a minute
Yep definately
nope Hiragana
Went full Kanji didnt you
~~got to be fancy~~
Oyasuminasai
where they like WE NEED MORE SINGING AND BATTLING
Unless they do a Sympho Next Gen
~~STOP twitching my eye~~
used to be North Korea oof
Everyone hates China now
OPF
But then again Japan and outsiders oof
I feel like I would have fun in Japan
Well Nana is officially married so RIP maria
*Yet
Yey
~~nothing Symphogear related next year~~
"Liar's Game"
There is a manga that I would like to see made in an anime
Unless they YANKIN my chain
I assume next year
When is Bleach final season?
As for the last arc, they taken their time
*Movie
^Movid
~~suspects Lelouch kind of way. Have whole world try to kill you but they United and brought peace~~
Wonder how they will end it
Well AOT is coming to a close soon
~~haven't heard if anything horror related either~~
or "Dark Magical Girl" related
Surprised they haven't done anything for Madoka again
Sci-Fi Fairy Tail isn't it?
^Honestly Evangelion hits on that pretty hard. Fix the projector and you fix the projection.
Its like always assuming the worst and then you get the worst and you are surprised that you are getting the worst. Its like hating the projection for a bad projector.
He wanted to make him proud but his self-concept of himself was pretty bad. When your self-concept is bad, your world reflects it
~~brother watched one episode in the middle of the series when I was watching and came to that conclusion is well.~~
Remember all the problems would be solved if he got in the bot. Just sayin'
Madoka Movie Theory: Homura becomes Walpurgis. Madoka never was it to begin with and this is just the same loop over and over again.
oof
its 2001
SHIT! why do people know of this anime
~~no no no no it is for the plot~~
really the girl is a pet
I promise its for the plot
Oh Dear
Alright I am safe
~~pray no one here knows what anime that is~~
Well I can put Gantz on hold
I know that much
It is a mahou shoujo
right there is a first season
Alright might as well start watching
What anime is that? That is disturbingly cool
