can we get a fish jii to match fish kiri
dude needs to chill. head out to the forest, get naked and scream at waterfalls to make video games
I like that emote cause it's a very cute basa
https://twitter.com/YameteTomete/status/1327355625441996804
the new gals
....if we could get emotes of forte and lala that would be neat
the old
it's kinda awkward not gonna lie.
cool...i have access to just one of the emote
I'm not even sure I spelled stroganette right.
yep I've totally watched the show
<a:ChrisShifty:744677308631089162>
sure I do.....
...what about the other two girls of the stroganattes
also another suggestion...maybe somebody should update the honorific masterlist in the fancontent section. it's kinda small
I don't mind kamen rider, it's just...it feels like it comes up alot in fancontent
sorry...I didn't realize somebody had already suggested that.
I love kamen rider. I'm a big fan. but I kinda feel like alot of fancontent discussions tend to go to kamen rider, so if possible maybe we could make a toku section so people can talk about that sorta thing without clogging up the fancontent section.
kanade being bonked for horny crimes
yeah...thats what I mean
random emote suggestion: kanade bonk
oh. alright then
so....maybe it be handy to put a pin in fancontent stating when people can post stuff...just so we don't have to remind people all the dang time.
or some of her faces from her adultverse sprite.
kind of a dumb request, but could we get more fine emotes....it's kinda weird she only has the one.
?
<:Sharon:835594330403242024>
<@726218419749519400> yep yep but I also got one Sharon recently
the little blonde girl from the XDU event
Hey dumb question. Does anyone have a good Sharon emote?
it's a goat that ate gajallarhorn
so this was a comission I did today
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/192495315545227265/830966572129583155/unknown.png
<@!174272493777977344> 382041455
and all it took was trying to find the damn discord.
god I'm learning so much today
so always go for 10 CP?
does it matter the number of times you raid or how much damage you do
that be mighty kind of ye.
thats fair...had no idea where dropped what
ah.
and I kinda only stuck to the easy raid.
cause I got a flaming ring tsukasa I wanna get to 70
does it matter if you do hard or normal for raid mats?
okie
added
<@!174272493777977344> okay clear to go
yep
ah
I need giga rainbow, giga power, and mega melody
sweet
I'll be in here in a second.
okay
I got some rice built up, it's not a big deal
fair enough
my INT team is kinda weak..so it's gonna take a bit to chip though
....wow this gonna be ruff.
I still need a giga power and 6 mega melodies
no thank you...not yet anyway
...wow this is great
mark
...I may have hit rage by accident
gimme a second
I'm farming golden rice atm so I'm not doing much
okay
I guess me
since my power team is kind of my "problem solver" team
thats my current focus atm
I don't really need rage atm
I'm waiting on power
outta CP atm
in my defense, my go too problem solver team is ignite bikk, burnsasa and xd jii
not a godamn one
I was so happy to be able to solo the 5* bar missions for the first time
....gold bars are really all I sell
gold bars are always first
how does that work? do you need to equip a unit with the song or is that just a auto thing?
she's currently 56 and I got a copy of her from a 5 star ticket yesterday, and the azure ticket today
I'm in no real rush...can't even get bikki to 60 for at least 2 more days.
okie
plus I need more power tools first anyway
I'm around most of the day anyway
thats fine
cause I have no ignite mats to begin with
i could use some help in the small child punching admittly
sure thing
I'm going after small child for ignite bikki
me too
punch it!
what raid you guys doing?
okay then
ah.
I think it's open

gimme a second, I'm swinging my noodle arms at her
I'm running her now
would anyone be interested in helping me fight against the power raid of the small child and her weird dolls? 
I should probably warn ya all...this my first time doing this(as in opening up a raid for others)...also I've kinda learned my team swings like a wet noodle, so I dunno how much total damage I'll be able to swing before you guys get a crack at her.
neat thanls
<@!98283721718763520>
kay ready
when I get done with this raid I'll follow you and do the raid....sorry for taking so long
you gots it. <:HibikiFingerguns:688429715836502063>
I tried to join you <@!98283721718763520> but you were full on followers so I couldn't add ye
I still swing like a wet noodle on that raid, but Miku helps make it last alot more so I'm still getting more hits off.
side note: I love knight miku for the kid carol raid
I would but I just started helping on another raid and I have no idea how long it'll take
ah.
does it drop magic crystals?
welp back to punching small children in the face for ignite shit
I'll take whatever help I can get
second raid is up
first raid is up
cool beans, gimme a bit for this hydra thingy to kill and I'll get set up
would anyone like to help out on some raids so I can max my little ignite bikki finally?
killed it this time
died, re jumping in <@!174272493777977344> <@!195044406343106560>
you gots it.
thats a tall order, but I can see what I can do
I'm in
I've been chipping away at that guy too
okie. I'll get on it when I can
okie
honestly I just small magic mats, and giga power crystals
id dig it
i opened up a raid for power if you folks are interested
but hey at least I got enough stuff to limit unlock
yeah.
it's open <@!177328724759281664>
well...doing a normal raid, if your up for scrub mode
I threw a normal raid out if you game for it.
holy crap
<@!177328724759281664>
it's up
doing it now
another hard carol raid is up
I just need 2 little magics
I got giga magics
funny thing
well...I used to need giga power crystals
of course I also need giga power crystals
might be p carol normal cause I need the tiny magic stones
let me pull something up good sir.
it's nuts
it's just I can *feel* the difference in power
oh I'm super happy
you guys have at least 6 times my score
I feel sad
the dragon is a jerk
edit:opened another one up for one more time tonight
opened up a power raid if anyone is game for it.
I never really realized it till a CE came out...but she fairly busty
meanwhile poor elfnein can't even see the tv
anyone else see female woolie or just me
I want to like her...I do...but she's been getting the shaft hard.
gasp...is she gonna stop being gai's bitch and actually try and do something?
<:MariaShock:423196877354303498> godamn I thought mine were big, but that girls. 
<:KanadeSmug:688191203178840064> *drinking away without a care in the world.*
<:MariaShock:423196877354303498> hers should be classified as a weapon!
and then she got her sword and her other gal wasted.
she is
....but...the miku
...wait with hibiki?
aw.
I wanna know about the little one doing kung fu with hibiki
Shed eat both....at the same time
meanwhile shemmy is like "yeah these missiles need to be bigger...more explosive power ya know."
...so I'm kind of a idiot about among us...but can you upload custom skins?
Au basa and chris seem quite happy
aw yeah iroyachi
look at those goblin children
kanade be macking on all the girls.
maria super wants it and tsubasa is super confused
...or they...you know just use AU kiri and then we get cute long hair kiri doing stuff.
When you fight vampires to save the girl
<:HibikiAngry:688429716096548892> I want mcnuggets!!!!!!!
DON'T BE FOOLED ITS THE DEVIL SMILE! THATS HOW SHE LURES YOU IN!
<:MariaShock:423196877354303498> help my past self is here and she won't stop bugging me!
and your dressed up
Tbf,  au jii got au kirika back soon after losing robodess
<:HibikiScreech:633468460030230548>I'm gonna hug the emo right outta you!
drunk AU serena is the best thing to come out of this event
Yep. That being said, she does like em big.
theres a lack of maria in that picture
And those are rad
Its more like a final last ditch attack
It is.
I knew they weren't evil
Hey I was right again
Oh
It seems like bikki and miki are in control
<:MariaSunglasses:336656798687690752> I'm the biggest!
<:SerenaLaugh:688836867709337611> hold my beer
....we need more pictures of maria playing with penguins
they're just hanging out
like she is digging this
shemmy seems super happy
the world may never know
it's like a tootie roll pop
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
I work off the rules of until we find a body she's probably alive
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
edge squared
it's pretty easy if you remember grump-carol not so grump-elfnien
she looks like grumpy elfnein
I think thats carol
....great now I had this idea of the girls just bringing home a buncha penguins after the north pole mission
one of the poles
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
is that serena on the left?
X when he realized capcom isn't giving him a new game
tsubasa meanwhile is fair game
you got a wife at home hibiki
<:yachiyomama:585581618845188120> <:irohahappy:440713170085216258>
yeah...but in general they didn't have to deal with alot of crap from the main series
they have far less mental trauma
they have one thing the main versions dont
AU basa and chris are rather normal
AUbasa and chris are very prone to punching shit.
she has a very easy space to store food
she has space
out of gear form she is kinda bad at sport stuff
I don't think chris can jump that high
<:ShirabeMad:688188118087499792> eat the fuckin strawberry before I shove it down your thoat
elsa put some pants on.
....shemmy is a shark critter?
fate probably
ah yes....that was before the gamecube games and peach had a stroke or something.
no, thats alina
kiri-chan smoking is bad for you
if that was chris she'd be suffocating atm
not gonna lie, I like adult nanoha but with the side tail.
fair
....is assault vest togepi a thing?
chris is weak noodle
....the one with the glasses looks stoned.
granted I guess we can both give our own spin to it
cause those are the real meat of fancontent. I'm like the dessert
nah, I just didn't want to take material away from the actual fanfics
I don't wanna take a story away from you
you sure?
you gots it rady
okay okay
now I wanna do a emote comic about shirabe and kirika getting drunk
.....
maria's too busy staying at tsubasa's place.
now...I'm no expert in the moonrunes....but if I had to guess dmjii's are pretending to have their hands eaten by maria's hair
....is there one with her kissing the white hair lass?
the thing miku is using is the new ultramans transformation gadget
it's a ultraman joke
get outta those clothes asap
miku no
he stole food. and thats terrible
her plot to take over the world failed, now she's stuck watching people who should make out but don't
I don't remember a blonde with pigtails
I only read the manga
oh.
Force sounded weird
Eh
...plus some nice nanoha  doujins of her and fate being moms
I read the manga more
Its probably cause I'm a fan of slice of life stuff
I like nanoha more. But fate is nice
I dug vivid. it was nice vivio got to have a fairy normal life after all the crap she went though in strikers
yay
If anyone can post cute safe for work pics of the gears expecting a new little bundle of joy, that would make my day dessu
shemmy would probably be more threatening if pink wasn't her primary color
I mean she's cute yes
she seems more like jokers mom then a love interest
I dunno about bayo
To be fair, she stole the body of a teenager
to be fair, it's a really good bowser design
if that one serena birthday comic is anything to go by, maria thinks serena and kirika are a thing.
...also if kanade got a alt, the budget would be shot to hell and back
plus kanade's world gets all the alchemists
so is serena and she got another alt
I think the only weird one is chris...I think maybe she should be more annoyed or something that she's doing it
meanwhile chris is in perfect hug range
wow...she's a good artist
I love how kirika is just super excited and Chris is surprised by the explosion in that one picture
it's cute....but like...yeah...it's very weird
they're plastic out of the cars....but in the cars they're actual people
I've seen the pictures...but now that I have context it's even weirder
I...oh you japan
......
I was meaning to ask...what is the mocar
it combines one niche series with another niche series....and then you get one super niche fanart
stupid judgemental squid....looking at kanade all smug while she was drinking at the zoo
I'm pretty sure one part is chocolate
or blue rasberry chocolate.
from the looks of it...mint chocolate.
cmon and slam dess, and welcome to jam dess.
vivio learns kung fu fighting and finds a girlfriend.
I love vivid only for the fact that at the end of the day, nanoha saved the day, adopted a cute kid and is living a happy life.
Probably
Partly. <@445783190976856065> had a hand in her creation too
Just in case you were wondering if riku Could get more cute

I love Sombrero Micha
Kanade must have trouble getting though doors with those things on the back
look more like the visor is up to some sort of devious plan
or the dumbass who only brought 5 pokemon
I dunno...the guy with the darkrai and latios feels dumber
....now I wanna see yusei/aki art
....I like yusei/aki alot not gonna lie
....well...at least she had big coconuts...other then that she's one of the weaker female leads in yugioh
Strong opinion here....I don't like ashe
They're not bad....but you'd probably find better dudes in other houses
....thats cause most of the black eagle bois are kinda....eh
what even is number one?
I get a very leomon vibe from that.
you don't know
that could be fate/extra rin
yeah...armada megatrons design was a thing
...fun fact, the smaller one is older
she can control her impulses
fair
...or was it just two xx
could be MHXXX
but yeah summer okita np wouldn't feel out of place as a hibiki attack
okita is very much a intentional jab at the idea of saber faces
yeah
watch her swimsuit np video
yeah
you got roman wedding...but not basic
also your missing roman basic
the pink hair one is hibiki
altina!
her daughter got five of them.
....or go against her depending.
So does basas
she's a world famous idol...she should know better then to do that in public
I mean....they do both live in computers
Aw lookit the chubby owl boi
like he has two big love interests....and both are fairly equal
Lelouch is weird to ship people with not gonna lie
surprised it took so long
it's not bad...just kinda weird
its...uhh..
I'm...not sure how to feel about it
Groudon might just be one of the most inconsistent sized pokemon in the all the games
shota korone is weird
or the most useles character in yugioh.
I'm sure yuki aoi has done a yugioh show
Y, but it's amazing maria can fit in AoH
As you do
I belive it's horse.
I'm more surprised they found a uniform that fit maria
so thats where all the flat went
They kinda look like puyo puyo characters
hololive is weird sometimes
ye fair.
it could go either way
well it is a mega dess party
Sadly she fell to the same curse that gets all other yugioh heroines
admittly chrom looked really cool in that game
When your so tired your spirit wants to get up before your body
Cause I'm happy after all the crap vivio and fate went though, they got their happy ending
I like fluffy pictures of the takamachi family
To be fair, it's fairly popular to dress people in prisma illya magical girl outfit
I'm pretty sure he's talking about Vivio's combat form
plus vivio would probably dig the idea of having a baby sister
it's magic. I could see it happen
Hibiki no. We have a spear at home.
I wonder why elfnein, fujitaka and tomosato are fixing a random building.
hibiki cat would just ride on it sleeping
carly's actress was in a cult
well....that and RL stuff
Homura
....and yet pretty on point for drakengard
But that's a dude
She's great
I like vivio
abby with black keys do make sense weirdly enough
but what neither know is that miku has claim on both
vivio is cute
unrealistic: the house isn't on fire
Needs a picture of her looking annoyed that the us version was changed to final
I do the shipping comic
I am accel yes
goddness...shirabe had a heck of a growth spurt.
yeah...but Maria would fit your tastes more....it's up you my dude
solution: Maria dressed as Kos-mos
I dunno...the dragon ball artist could be horny at times.
Aw cute....though I now I picture tsubasa just putting on a maid outfit for a bunch of stuff she bought at the store
would Hibiki be a better worse biker then tsubasa
this feels like a reference to DMC4 and the dante theater scene
nah, I bet maria also suffers from back problems. moreso since's older
just buds sleeping together.
pick your poison. short hair or long hair.
that was a close second ngl
AU serena
"im not paid enough for this crap"
....samus you got dread calm down
Well..it got a pass anyway since she's wearing a shirt to cover it up
She's wearing a pendant
I dunno....it seems like it'd be the other way around. Like maria would be the one to ask if they could dress up
I think it's a variant from rise but I'm not sure
it's a diablos
close.
Her hair is alot more blonde then it usually is. It's almost Mythra color when usually it's more darker.
https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/002/514/395/11a
I like shipping her with the blonde one. I know everyone ships her with the redhead though.
and it's okay if you didn't know. he's kind of a obscure transfomer due to only showing in the show like....once. since his toy was originally made by a rival toy company who made the transformer toys in japan
jetfire
well...that sucks...but at least it wasn't canceled due to poor sales...just that the author got sick.
<@477182101330984960> 
well if your curious heres the link. https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YEfQVAikJ8IqGtwiL6v1EAyNB-4K98QQ216QQ0efqHA/edit#gid=764559593
but it does have a active translation team going strong.
nope.
could always look up the mobile game story too
fate in a nutshell
yep
it's there. not much else.
...index seems really hard to get into.
I mean...any adaptation is gonna lose something in the medium shift.
I'm good
nah.
I...wasn't really planning to read or watch index
flew too close to the sun he did
I know. It's just me being silly
The "rules" in fate are more like.....suggestions then hard limits
boy....yoko taro sure has gotten alot of mileage out of nier automata hasn't he
like if nothing else, they really brought the big guns for it...like trigger is always gonna make good shit
it is amusing how much they've poured into cyberpunk though.
also that cartoon network didn't promote a single godamn thing about it....but thats CN for ya
the fanbase is never gonna be happy with it.
I do think the sonic boom cartoon was witty and well written...it's just....well...it's sonic.
I'm glad lycoris recoil ||had a happy ending. || at least.
I don't think they marketed it much.
eh....
course I'm just a sucker for mobile suits with bits in general
I do like how the aerial starts with bits. it's a fun change up from them being a endgame only sort of a thing.
Yoko taro: I could make a new drakengard....or I could make money with this thing. I think I'll take money
thats usually a late game upgrade.
honestly it's kind of interesting they went funnels right away for this suit.
it kinda reminds me of the G-self
I like the beam spam of the freedom
seed is weird.
I'm not gonna lie....eureka seven kinda confuses me.
Age is video game flavor
The basic uc Era stuff
Then you got 90s cheese in wing
Super robot in g gundam
Fish eye people in seed
Pretty boy in gundam 00 
Child solider in Iron blood orphans 
Or you could go "toys" in the build fight series.
Pretty much. Then you choose the flavor of war is bad and go from there
I was thinking about it...and these new kids for the pokemon anime are gonna have a hell of a uphill battle in front of them since they'll be compared to ash.
like you see a art style for something and it just doesn't gel with you.
yeah...I just mean it felt too bright and cheerful. it's just a personal taste thing.
I'm not really a fan of the art style. it makes everyone look way too young
and yeah Age is....weird.
wing is....very 90s
I haven't even really read it.
so I've had this on my mind alot....I'm not sure why girls like the lead of rent-a-girlfriend. he seems....too much like a loser.
its why sometimes networks lead with the stronger episodes first to draw viewers in
sometimes people go by first impressions.
I'm not the biggest fan of the ending to part 2
I think the only part of gurren lagann I enjoyed was when simon grows a pair to the ending of part 1.
and like...I get the idea of the loser protag...but the rent a girl one seems like extra special loser
course I guess when the premise is "guy gets heartbroken by a compete nutcase and rents a fake girlfriend" it sorta is destined to be full of awful people
it's just a vibe I get from what little stuff I've seen.
it's nice a sequel series doesn't have to kill the old cast to raise the stakes
I like strikerS cause it has nanoha and fate becoming moms to vivio...and thats just nice.
is it weird I kinda expected something horrible to happened in G-witch 12? like it happens in most gundam shows
moves into starry and lives with the drummer
because taro yoko is a simple man...with simple desires. he just wants money
I mean...lets be real. the nier anime really only exists cause taro yoko probably  wanted more money with zero effort put in.
and people are watching it just to see it be a train wreck
yeah...it's easy to be number 1 when you take away everything else
mostly cause tim curry was in it
witchs ghost was pretty good though
the zombie island one legit scared the crap out of me as a kid
ummm, excuse me, the scooby doo live action movie did monster scrappy first.
<:KirikaActually:688433197402554423>
.....scooby doo is a weird franchise when you really think about it
that shit had vincent price.
or 13 ghosts of scooby doo
it feels like a weird ass fever dream
I don't want to talk about it, but it keeps finding new and different ways to be stupid.
really? I always thought shaggy and scooby get a clue was considered the worst.
hence why I spoilered it.
I.....honestly don't know
meanwhile...in the continuing weird saga of what the fuck are they smoking over at WB
||https://twitter.com/ComicLoverMari/status/1615126487807434753||
I like uzaki's design admittly
Anime 101: don't expect people to get together until the final chapter
||okay so it turns out the girl that shaggy was dating in velma is a new character all together. ||
||https://twitter.com/ComicLoverMari/status/1615157978965094401||
Granted I think I remember dub Naruto more then sub Naruto so that's probably why
Like I think she did a great Job and I do love hinata as a character. I just never realized she was the same voice actor as tsubasa
I'm kinda surprised she played hinata in hindsight.
where even shinn's actor prefers his SRW appearances to it
like gundam seed destiny
mhm.
plus I image the music licensing rights alone would be a massive pain in the ass.
*shrugs*
I dunno if Symphogear counts for a mecha series. I always thought it was more magical girl myself. but eh.
yeah....it does take talent to basically combine all sorts of mech shows and somehow come out better then the base product
I belive its on gundaminfo YouTube page
my favorite bit of seed destiny trivia is that the voice actor for shinn prefers his SWR version over his own show
yeah....
japan really should ban those trucks. those trucks have killed a ton of people.
My favorite part of seed destiny is that everyone treats the freedom like it's some sort of menace, but by the time Kira got it, he's switched to a non lethal fighting style. So they're afraid of a guy who doesn't kill.
one of my favorite nanoha fan stories is when Vivio goes to earth and meets her grandparents.
like...lets be real. fate and nanoha are pretty much married all but without showing a wedding.
<a:HibikiAniThreeSeconds:836580813474103326>
I'm just kidding.
oh I do
and at the end of the day as long as it made sense to him, it's fine.
it made sense to him.
it has good ideas...that SRW took far more advantage of then the show did.
destiny is...weird.
hell he doesn't even scratch the paint on the strike freedom.
yeah...I think kira's problem is that he doesn't lose alot of fights in destiny
oh....right.
I know Kira kept and mantained the freedom while he was off hiding from the world, but the justice just vanished.
....actually what did happen to the justice.
well...when the dude goes to create a whole ass clone of you for political stuff...yeah.
plus she's voiced by Rie tanaka so that helps.
it's silly.
in sillier thoughts, it's amusing that a freaking idol singer has so much power in Zaft politics
I think when the people telling you to do a thing has a big space laser....at that point they're pretty much the bad guys
then victory happened. and well....shit went off the rails.
no it did not
no.
that being said, it led to crossbones so eh
heres the big thing to remember with F91. it was suppose to be a full series, but they had to make it a movie. so the pacing is all sorts of fucked
oh it is.
well thats tech for ya.
we'll cancel it in a few months.
oh. it creates rain
also I have no damn idea what the thing does.
what I got from the story is that this is a jojo version of a heist flick
so....the new jojo's stand looks crazy
hasn't that always been the case since the universe reboot? like johnny was a more assholish jonathan or josuke8 being a more weird josuke.
||Does the anime need temporary bust improvement drugs? Seems like that's already a thing||
||https://streamable.com/ql1c31||
it was either a movie or a just a update for the dvd
||funny thing about that scene. it's actually slightly changed in the movie version, when nanoha preps to fire the divine buster and she stomps the floor, she actually cracks the floor||
