fan channel
vs
fan art
fan stories
fan theories
channels
Is there any plans at all to have roles on here?
.l..
They have canon partners
Rule:
Don't do it
3D Model of Tsubasa's sword I've been working on with plans to 3D print it at full scale (still need to do a little more work on the grup)
Same
Each printed part will be roughly 10% infil depending
There is also a 3foot rod running down most of the straight section for stability and mass
The sword is 13 pieces + 12 small dowel-like inserts to hold pieces together
Finished my model of Ame no Habakiri
Going to start 3D Printing it at full size scale in the next few weeks



omgomgomgomogmomgoomgomgomgomgom
Maria
Lydian uniform
FUCKING GIVE ME RIGHT NOW
Then so are all of your previous arguments

Tsubasa's still 19
so only 9 months older
So you're trying to suggest Maria is 4 years older than Tsubasa?
no fucking way she is not
That doesnt work
Cuz Maria was 19 in G
source on 2 years younger?
I would say there's more than 2 years between them
100% she's too young if Maria is only 21 herself
Zwei Wing event is prologue
Bikki getting gugnir is start of s1
But then less than a year between start of G and end of AXZ
so more than 1 year between start of s1 and end of G?
Tsubasa was 2nd year in Season 1?
So doesnt that mean GX ended in like may/june?
Chris showing off her grades
oh and DMJii had summer classwork to do at the end of GX right?
good proof
What proof that the time between AXZ and GX is short?
All other seasons are only guesses
AXZ is the only one we have a confirmed date for cuz of Bikki Birthday
What time of year is S1
I can narrow down the year cuz of Tsubasa age
Do we have any kind of guess what month Zwei Wing concert was?
Now to figure our how Serena and Kanade fit into this!!
although i guess S1 can't start before April.....

So this is what I have for a timeline
Black cells are the age they are turning that month
Pink line is the start/end of school years
I was wrong
That puts Maria having just turned 21 when G starts
yes Chris is 3rd year in GX and AXZ
so right after G ends she turns 17
Dec 28th
tsubasa 3
Chris 2
BikkiMiku 1
DMJii start term after Tsubasa leaves
3 years of school japan
That doesnt work cuz that puts her 2 school years ahead of Chris, not 1
Then she would be 18 for G
cuz her birthday is May
That still doesnt work with Tsubasa going from 17 to 19 though
AXZ is septebmer but w/e
Yeah somethings broken if Chris is still in school, Tsubasa is 19 and GX is only 6 months after G
Those cannot all be true
Cuz that 3 months puts an upper limit on the bikki death jump
so all of Symphogear happens in 13 months???
yeah I did have it right
so if she turns 19 before GX
Then Chris should have graduated too
But she graduates at 17
nvm Im derping
those cannot coexist
this doesnt work
Chris cannot still be in school AND Tsubasa be 19
-google
First term runs to around July 20 and summer vacation ends in early september
Japan school starts in April
Just opposite ends of their summer break
GX and AXZ are same school year
Japan school year starts in March?
wasnt that like 4-6 weeks based on G ovas?
Somwhere from Oct 2010 to Oct 2011
holy fuck Serena died forever ago
Tsubasa gets the best birthdays

And we can predict the birthday of her next lover if the unspeakable happens to Maria
August 17th, 1 year before Maria was born
And it puts Kanade 11 months younger than Maria
If concert was April, Tsubasa would be a month shy of turning 16
fuck it
taking that exactly
Kanade died April 2014
"two years before"
exactly?
how many months +/- ?
Although her being 12 would narrow it to less than 3
Bikki being confirmed 13 and not 12 at the concert would help narrow down to only 9 month window
That doesnt narrow it down though Kaliks
THat's still a 12 month window during which Tsubasa is 15
That would help narrow it down
Do we know BIkki's age at the time of the concert?
So Kanade could either just turned 21 before AXZ, or just turned 22, putting her a month older than Maria or 11 months younger
But getting Kadande's age creates almost a 2 year gap it could be
new phone background
<:TsubasaDisgust:349013662775902209>
< before and after link >
OTP

Maria having a nightmare or something
Fake picture
And Chris is straight up impossible to tell other than 'she's the only one left'
Why aren't their mouths glowing red?
Bikki's stomach hasn't been covered since she took Maria's Gungnir pendent
Most Japanese Idols have thigns in the contracts preventing any kind of relationship
I could get behind Nana giving it to Yoko
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
It's not really a secret that they have major restrictions in their contracts
They need to stay "pure" so that otakus can imagine themselves being with the idol
<:ShirabeStare:336659688236122113>
^^^^^^^
Which is far from true
Most consent stories Ive seen
*cough Maria's birthday present from Tsubasa cough*
Its just an idiotic chris fanboy complaining about nothing
You do
Ignore this one idiot
Yours are literally the most consent focused ones
Salt
Trying to make up insults for something that's not true
Yep
Chris fanboy who cant accept she's got mental issues
prob an idiot chris fanboy who didnt like the idea of it
Are you in trouble with site runners or just some idiot complaining about your stuff?
Chris is the least character in the entire show
Off the top of my head I cant think of any rape
But it has been a while since I read through them (last novemer I think)
Yes
spears, swords, daggers
Gungir (minus Bikki's)
Ame no Habakiri
Airgetlam
Only some of the gears give dicks
Something to help keep its shape and size as it heals
Training dildos?
Do you need to do 'vagina physio' after?
How long is the recorvy?
Gonna fap?
How long will you be out?
Thursday is your surgery right?
Dont forget Maribasa
Go get the biggest blackest dildo you can and fuck yourself senseless
Do you still get 'erections' ?
It's the same "hardware" right? Just 'shoved' inside?
Would a dildo not suffice?
Need to make up for all those missed 'finger jammed into cunt years'
> girldicks
> the bad kind
ctrl f?
Tsubasa and Tsukiyomi/Akatsuki?
How accurate is this:
>get a boner
>"What is it boy? What did you see?"
xp
Do you think with it?
Do you still get 'the sensations of an erection' ?
There's your issue
turn it on
shove it in
Dont take it out until you break
Can you still cum in theory?
Have you figured out how to yet?
