Its best not to expect much from crunchy subs.
And he is a politician.
I think swordad just wants to make sure he has solid proof before doing something. He also seemed to be speaking with very vague terms on purpose.
Someones finds Ver's neph arm and sticks the bracer on it.
Not sharp enough.
Igalima not only damages the body and soul, but also the people animating you.
No, but its a start.
Last episode it felt like we were bqck to G level awesome, now this episode feels like we finally got S1 levels of character interaction back.
If it isnt just moustache man dead, then it could be something happens to elf9 but suddenly Carol, or something happens to Miku then suddenly the divine power thing happens and it gets undone. Or if we want to get really out there, it was vampire being pierced by the spear of an alternate dimension Kanade out of nowhere.
Nah, thats a wing.
"There arent even any swords here."
Just listen to more symphogear music. The phonic gain can replace the need for sleep.
Tsubasa did. She thought it would make Maria more confident.
Carol making some kind of reappearance seems likely at this point.
Random bits of carols memory popping up
Those are some impressive sideburns.
Elf9, Miku and the bridgebunnies are very vulnerable to bullets though.
I love all the new shit she can do with her gauntlets this season.
But GX would have the pacing to properly handle its character arcs then.
Every season except the first felt like it wanted to be 2 cour.
Id say it happening for her to injure someone could happen. But not kill.
Their entire goal with that was to get Elf9 somewhere they could kidnap her.
The japanese are very good at quick evacuation due to constant monster attacks
And theres no need, Tsubasa has always had sword generation that makes aaachaaa envious.
They still managed to troll us with the preview pic of Tsubasa.
Chatteau de Tiffages
nyaa.si
Normal people dont work for secret government organizations that deal with paranormal activity
I said the closest.
The closest to normal are chris's school friends
Fudo was playing the long game.
Ver's death was always one that they could bring him back from if they wanted to.
Tsubasa accidentally killing a bunch of people seems like too much for this show. The snowmen scenes did look kinda odd though
Also she might not be sure herself after all the time she spent with Fine.
They seem to be leaving that more open when it comes to Chris so people can choose whqt they want best
We dont need a psychic lesbian planet flying through the universe.
Hibiki can do the training parts
Id love to see Hibiki or Tsubasa taking over Gen's role to guide a new team of gear users.
The show continuing beyond this season wouldnt surprise me, but Id like this season to close out this story and these characters. They could show up as cameos in later seasons, but I think theyve earned a rest
Thats what the custodians want you to think.
Deus ex Miku
At some point we will get a big sword healing moment and the sword will be a wing again.
I think Tsubasas going along with the law so easily is more just because of her current mindset making her doubt herself and her own convictions too much right now.
Im pretty sure Blessing the vampire would hurt it.
It is clearly more repaired now though
Itll be a spaceship tthat goes to the moon.
Ill wait til Yamete subs are up to judge dialogue.
Last I saw they were still arguing if there shouod be bored gaijins or not.
Check /a/
Thats because Miku was expecting Hibiki to give her some action after their bath, but she didnt, so shes all pent up.
It makes some sense, in the scenes of the outing Tsubasa had been looking gloomy the whole time. Miku probably noticed and was upset that Hibiki didnt seem to notice until just then at karaoke
Either Miku or Bikki or both are going to be getting some new suffering.
So the song that elf9 sang is by the same person who sang the op for Ultraseven.
ITS TIME
