
I don't think its yoshitsugu.
Starvevenom just finished gx, do you mean the sugarpunch guys?
I love how Bikki's gear now has shades of gold in it
I need to see more reactors to this season. Helps me with rewatching eps.
Damnit, SONG needs to make sure there's at least half of the team on standby each time they have a concert!
I wish Fine killed him off while she was Ryoko.
Kazanari geezer better not blame Tsubasa for failing to protect the audience or else!
Annoying yes, but fun
Ver was great tho
He makes adam look good in comparison since he was actually preparing vs dem aliens
Oji-san confirmed shithead that needs a beating by Gen-san
Not if the two girls clean of sin have anything to say about it
If Fudou does something and it affects Miku by a fraction, no God will help him.
I want the fudou fight to be one of master and student together. Show him the Hibiki and Genjuuro style.
I want bikki to punch him without a gear, only to find she can punch real hard even after gungnir was cleansed off her heart
Seeing Saint Germain, I want Elfnein to show she fixed Daurdabla in secret and go Genocide to get out of the current mess.
Oshit. Maybe Miku gets it and Bikki uses the brace for final upgrade?
Voltes v most likely
Eh. John's pen is too robotic in comparison.
Deep Iguchi voice for Shem Miku is hot...
We ain't hitting the moon. We'll be hitting stuff around on the moon instead!
Huh...moving my mouse on Shemha's preview in the website is making it shake...
Shaider is a Tokusatsu metal hero. Look up his attack
<@98541382393688064> A Shaider reference no doubt
I laughed at Chris doing a Shaider reference.
AI ANSWER ME!
I'm miffed she didn't sing Kimi dake ni.
Damnit...was looking forward to that.
So was the storyboard leak fake then?
Instead of end credits they could have had Bikki singing Kimi dake ni to Miku.
Was this the only season where Bikki did not sing her B-side?
Can't wait for oblivion's reaction to this tomorrow
There's only one way to continue to season6 after this. XDU ghallarhorn shenanigans.
Wonder if crunchy's gonna spoil scenes later on youtube?
My gacha anime watching saturday comes to an end...oh wait. FGO next week.
Top alchemy tech right there
An XDU movie regarding the Three Spears of Gungnir event would be great, ngl.
Would be funny if lacking the curse means Bikki and Miku understand other languages easily.
2020
To be fair, Metanoia was Bikki being selfish for once in using her fists, so its just her.
XDU movies would be awesome. Nanoha made theirs, I'm sure Satelight can. Let Nana will it.
Mine was Shaider
Haven't seen it since my kid years
Ah
Gavan was 1st
Shaider is the 2nd
Shaider. Its a metal hero show from the 80s
Damn...
I just realized something. They will have to buff Shem-ha if she still happens on the XDU-verse since they have 7 gears and one back up extra airgetlam.
A whole mv of BikkixMiku while singing kimi dake no pls
Oh yeah, i was just thinking that. Miku never got shown transforming on her own.
Holy shit
