Hai!
<:HibikiHi:336657249827028993>
Eh I'm on the side of not wanting to see more Topdad
I like Inferapiki
I know right, such a farfetched dream.
That what I thought to, it would be nice if we have a episode dedicated to Miku playing the piano in XV.
Say I had a thought, can't remember but what was the last time we saw Miku play the piano?
Hibiki would make sense as Genjuro taught her
Huh that she does
~~That makes perfect sense~~
Having the last episode be just a date would be nice actually.
~~I choose E: My Sunshine alternate ending /I'm kidding~~
I know Horuma is, I’m saying Miku feels lackluster when I put her on the same level as Horuma who I love.
Miku does feel like a satellite character to me. Especially when I compare her to Horuma from Madoka and Togo from Yuki Yuna. But I feel that’s a unfair comparison because both shows don’t have as big of a character blot compared to Symphogear. One minor thing I dislike about Miku is the over use of the gentle fist analogy. If Hibiki was a Hyuuga it would be fine but otherwise it feel like it’s trying too hard if that makes sense.
Thnx
Only slow beat song I can recall is Serena’s lullaby back in G I think.
I don’t mind the ship. Won’t be a fav like with HorumaMadoka and TogoYuki. Speaking of songs I sometimes wish Miku having a piano song but sadly, I don’t think piano music fits the idol genre well.
That’s true too in hindsight. As a supporting character she does do well for her purpose. I suppose it’s mostly me wanting her to be a main character because I like characters like her.
And heh that’s true
~~Man I type slow~~
That’s a possibility BDH. Given GoB enables him to have every conceptual NB in all of human history. Anyhow yeah, we really shouldn’t compare Symphogear to other shows. Let’s leave that to vswiki.
Avalon is also a hax, Nasuverse love conceptual haxs.
Gilgamesh is not omnipotent, it’s just his GoB is the hax of all haxs.
Shem-ha has a good design
Same
~~The Presi-King can beat Gilgamesh~~
Ironically I do explain Gear with Nasu lingo sometimes. Such as Hibiki able to conceptually punch through anything due to Gungir.
Huh, I can totally see NR sacrificing themselves as a form of redemption.
Huh I do see the Arash similarity. Mainly his craft essence.
||Seeing them all lined up like that I never noticed Miku was that tall||
~~He's the greatest action hero after all~~
Oh yeaaah that's it
Anime does have the tendency to do the 'plausible deniability'. I think even Madoka and Yuki Yuna have it and those two can't even be more obvious.
At the end of the day people will ship who they want. Just because something is not confirmed on screen will not stop anyone.
She needs more mystical swords in her arsenal. I was going to present Ig-Alima: Green Field Cutting Through the Thousand Mountains but apparently Kirika has it and it's a scythe for some reason. So here's a big sword for her to show dominance.
