I second this suggestion.
Agreed with optional. As much as I really like Shirabe I don't need her face next to my name here for taking her tag, lol.
Sounds pretty neat to me! We'd include the OVAs?
I second mac's
Welcome!
G'mornin!
Welcome
Hey you!
Welcome!
Willowlander
Welcome!
Three?! O.o
and now they’re ‘Gone’
Welcome!
Welcome baaack
Welcome!
Yay hoerspons
Welcome back!
welcome back
Welcome back!
Welcome!
Wlecome back!
Welcome Back!
Welcome back!
Beautiful
Woooooow, lol
I still got the Hordika containers sitting up on top of a display case
That's amazing
I mean, yes, hi
YES
I'm assuming the twisting warped the plastic
do you have any modeling epoxy, like a 2-part or something?
Woo!
Sure, that'd work! And then you'd have some for later just in case, too
Well a break is entirely fixable, even if the plastic itself doesn't fit together anymore
the perfect pose
lol.
Oh that's a neat design
Maria's curved sword would shoot curved lasers
hold the genocide gentle like hamburger
I don’t want to buy any dess sticks. You should go home and rethink your life. <:ShirabeStare:582381430915596289>
I always find it interesting the way some artists do the red-line-blue-line pseudo-3D effect
Having watched the movie first, then part of the first season, Nanoha herself has some development in the show that's not there in the movie.
When do we get this mod?
yeah, still younger
she's 16 during S1-G
so Chris is shortyshort.
Mami is probably younger. I think it's 15-16, guesstimated
Eeyup, all middle schoolers, lol
And Chris is shorter than all the rest--that's the most important part
For fun reference
https://i.gyazo.com/d5b378675fc1cabb4e694bfa2a44c0cc.png
Madoka is the only magical girl of the group shorter than Chris, and only by one cm
Fun fact
throw it at us
I agree.
The clothes are from Yugioh GX, right?
oh neat, lineless
is that twin-tails guy?
<:ShirabeDone:688198954810474559>
This is a dumb pun.
<:ShirabeShock:744441685324595231>
this is clearly an Otome game
<:TsubasaBliss:672861879000891432>
... Tusbasa... Carzanari
this is interesting chat for the sfw channel, lol
<:ShirabeStare:582381430915596289>
I care not for Eevee! *stamps foot*
how Gantz indeed
is the mess of clothing, tools, towels, and makeup stuff coating Tsubasa's apartment
What they aren't showing, of course
Shirabe must not be home.
I wrote Noise x Tsubasa, you can write Miku x Maria
DO EET
There are what
oh, whoops
Crossover or not
Don't worry, I'll never write Teletubbies anything.
I'm detecting a new and horrible crossover fanfic idea
Pfft
Thank you
You know, I want to see an image of just *all* the white/platinum-blonde haired characters in anime, organized by eye color in a rainbow.
Huh, I hadn't heard of that
It just made me think that
This one up here makes me want to see Vash Bikki and Wolfwood Chris
In fact, the shape in all the images
I just realized, look the shape of the lights
Not spelling it 'Anyakin', I see
I really like how she still maintains her no-armed-gear style, but from more of a kick-heavy position.

That said, I had this mental image of her heel-blades growing fists at the ends, and being able to swing around fists on a stick, and impaling people's shadows with fists
I tried looking for Bionicle RPGs and the best I found were D&D clones
I did want to work on an RPG that tried to capture the theme, but it wound up turning into something different entirely, lol
It did feel like its own entirely different thing
You have the toa mata and the nuva

You have the metru and the hordika

You have the inika and the mahri

And you end with the Nuva as Mistika and then I didn't really see much of Bara Magna, myself, either
The fairly consistent main character rotation was a good choice, I think
likewise for green to yellow green
The switch from brown to orange wasn't my favorite
weird. Was there a lore reason for that? A change in perspective?
agreed, that has more of a kopaka look up there
Oooooh
Amazing
oh cool
crap you beat me to it, lol
oh
one of the major writers/producers/something of Star Trek: TNG
Step aside, Corran Horn
Kyle Katarn is best girl.
singing is very yuri
fair enough, lol. I'm not really a VN person
Although some things were spoiled, other things got a lot better payoff, imo
I, myself, watched Zero first, then FSN
wait why are you skipping the studies, wait, no, aaaaa
Yes, please, give me in depth detailed magic studies
Just like Akashic Records...
It really did have an interesting intro... Blagh.
I said this already in general, but my first anime was Spiral, from 2004
I, myself, will always remember to get severely naked before launching powerful magic, thanks to Adam.
where is the French Horn?
spoilered if necessary
Well, give details
Aw. I was looking forwards to more musicanime
there's a little gay, although it's not explored much
so here's hoping they do it well
Like, the premise was kinda' dumb but it's still a lot of fun
*my* surprise is that it's getting an adaptation
wait it *IS*?
Idk, I like this thought. Odin must've had quite the butt too.
Is this the falling-in-love-with-the-villainess one?
I only know of the one
really, huh
I, too, would really like to know if this one exists
I saw the sword and my first thought was 'Tsubasa?'
meduka what?
I gotta' finish Lain. I'm about 6 eps in
I'd recommend... Last Exile, Eden of the East, Time of Eve, maybe Spiral: The bonds of Reasoning, also GITS (movie and SAC)
I recommend *Noein: To Your Other Self* (2005) for something fairly out there
Well, whatever my thoughts there were, they definitely aren't connected to Symphogear
||Green eyes and blonde... black-brown hair and magenta eyes.|| Hm.

Hmm.
I forgot half of it but I remember the edge and good fights
Oh wow, Darker than Black...
Oh, is that Kirika?
So... Nier... is near?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBwwUfCVA0c
the flow of the english works better for the tension, I think
Having listened to both... I like this one more
and synth
despite the 'lighter' acoustics
There's something about the tension in this one that really grabs me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO0A0XcWy88
I first heard their songs from Eden of the East
I'm reminded of oasis
I was more musing
You know, I've never played GTA
I'm more into One Thing Leads to Another
*blinks* The Fixx have like 5 other songs that are popular though
There are a lot of one-hit wonders out there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkC3chi_ysw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEoZgg_S4HQ
I'll just join on the gitsposting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOM8w4TutVE
