~~Millaarc and Shirabe duet when~~
Jiii
Also, Aimi covered Nanjo's Only my Railgun in an Animax event this year. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzOffYr51f8
More jam for Aimi's harem
But yes, it must have been interesting to come to the next Bandori recording session after recording XV Ep2
Unlike Popipa or Roselia
Nope,  her band Afterglow is not a live rock band
Voiced by Hikasa Yoko
https://bandori.fandom.com/wiki/Udagawa_Tomoe
Des
I can't believe that Kasumi killed 100k people in a concert with Tomoe as one of the performers
I think that Aimi did an amazing job in XV Ep 2 as Millaarc
Cheap teleport inc at your service
And definitely wasn't thinking clearly from the start
Given she has to go through the nightmare again
I can understand Tsubasa eating the idiot ball though
Its just that the scene of Maria and Tsubasa killing noises one at a time bother me the more I think about it
Hero chivalry
Kill your foes one by one
So not using those AOEs was weak writing?
Which they didn't use because of the risk of collateral damage
While Chris could just shoot the noise off
The worst matchup against large numbers of noises versus a civilian crowe
Instead of 4
So the traffic jam basically made the death toll six figures
But they probably cant stop the Vampire from bombing the arena
Chris Aoe would be very helpful in saving lives
Actually how would the slaughter had gone down if all the Symphogears were present at the concert?
It might actually be the case
Ah
I thought they were from England?
Cavendish
Hypothetically of course
So if she got a gungnir relic from another timeline and has enough linker, she should be able to use it?
But she was bleeding out of her eyes
Gx
As in Maria sync rate is better with argentialem vs black gungir?
Does sync rate depend on your compatibility with your gear?
Nothing to do with nurture?
Basically your compatibility as an adaptor ia 100 percent nature
The arm drill isn't good enough?
It won't surprise me being Fine descendants and possession candidates helps
Shonen power
Actually, Miku already knows the answer to that via the events of G
Didn't Miku wave the flag "If I did something wrong, what would you do?" on the Feris Wheel before the Research Ship exploded?
Just loving x edge
Alternate history it is then
I am starting to smell a code geass like alternate timeline....
Episode 4: Nah
Episode 3: hope spot
They aren't exactly subtle with the Miku will TURN EVULZ again this season flags....
So who are the most likely to be mind flayed?
~~Surprise FINE Barrier. Watch this discord chat collectively groan in disappointment~~
~~And the villains can't exactly off Shirabe - she's too powerful for that to happen, which is the only thing that probably could mind flay Kirika~~
~~Kirika is too happy go lucky to be mind flayed~~
I get the feeling that the characters are going to get mind flayed one by one
Or at least have a cover story that she was severely injured
I do think that Tsubasa might seriously consider asking Ogawa to tell the public that she died in the massacre
And her seiyuu holds some of the biggest performances in Japan regularly, so I can imagine that this scene was hard on Nana Mizuki herself
Actually, thinking about it, the Concert Massacre must be one of the most nightmarish things a performer could theoretically go through
~~At least it saved the pay Nana Mizuki to sing for your show budget, in exchange for some high quality suffering Sakuga~~
Or the Nehustan armor for that matter
They must not have watched the Chris and Fine scenes during the first season then
They subvert it with a very tasteful and classy transformation sequence
Those, they like
Except for the opening battles
10/10 VA performance from Aimi
Only the subject matter involves mass murder and gleefully  taunting poor Sword
Aimi delivers Milliarc with the same playful joviality that she puts into Kasumi
If Miku had went with Hibiki to that concert as they had originally planned....
There are stories of Hibiki before that concert?
Come to think of it, it was probably a small mercy she was stuck in traffic and missed witnessing the slaughter of concert massacre number two first hand
Did Hibiki have a screw  loose before concert massacre number one? Because its quite possible it was that incident and the prolonged aftermath that really knocked the screws off her head.
Or the loss of face that an attack could even happen to damage the prestige of his heir
And allowing a 100 deaths under his watch
I'd say even if the six adapters could keep casualties under a hundred, Fudou will still chew Genjuro out for allowing the concert to go ahead while there's an active enemy up and running about and the adapters may need to be deployed on very short notice
Poor Genjuro is in a no win situation
~~Exclusive backstage access~~
I don't think it cost that much to put the Symphogear adapters in position ahead of time, especially if they were going to be there in any case
But yes, I'm trying to imagine how the politicians will react when they read what happened. The Adapters being stuck in a traffic jam when the Noise Massacre begun is probably one of those things that would make anybody reading the AARs do a double take.
Fudou: An unacceptable, disgraceful failure. The presence of the rest of the adaptors during the attack could have averted this disaster. Why weren't they embedded in the security detail or Tsubasa's entourage before the attack?
Genjuro cringes: Stuck in a Traffic Jam. By the time they were picked up by Helicopter to the venue, it was too late.
Fudou: One Hundred Thousand deaths. My heir's name dragged in the mud again. Where were the rest of the adaptors in this catastrophe?
I'm trying to imagine how the conversation between Genjuro and Fudou will go down
It's a race between Tsubasa going BSOD and Tsubasa trying to put on a false front for the sake of her juniors and failing horribly
And it's this humanity that results in Tsubasa having a more human reaction to this slaughter
Because Hibiki's influence has managed to inject some humanity into a Sword
Not sure angsting counts as standard Character development....
Why should Hibiki befriending lead Tsubasa to break down and angst?
Rather than curl up and angst
I thought Tsubasa breaking down response is to go full edgelord though
That is if the villains don't break another geah
I do think that Maria should theoretically be able to hold the group together even if Tsubasa would be absent this season
Fudou would push that emotional wound that Tsubasa has harder in order to forge his ideal heir.
Such as suplexing the Rocket
And often they might actually be grammatically correct, but their accents is what makes it Engrish
It's just that their accents are very strong
The thing is that there are quite a few VAs that can do that
Unless they are from outside Japan
The thing is even VAs who can understand English to some level of competency usually speak with an accent
It's a build on to your sending voiceovers via internet idea
Especially if the dub is well regarded
Or even draw upon English VAs previously hired for your franchise dubs, sending voiceovers via internet
Plus they might not be a good fit even if the English VA dubber is good
And co-ordinating the English Voice actor dub counterparts to your Seiyuus to cover your Seiyuus English parts across an ocean and company lines would be very hard
There's not much choice
So it's Engrish then
But I can imagine the logistics might well be very tricky and the expenses considerable.
It would be a dream if anime one day begins to hire English dub actors for anime to actually cover English parts
~~Universal language returns~~
What was a missed opportunity?
Well,  one might logically expect Genjuro to really face a grilling by Ministers, but then again, Symphogear doesn't have to follow logic
Considering casualties are disproportionately younger...
~~Given Symphogear's history of American bashing, it won't surprise me if Vanessa has allies within the american government~~
It does mean that I'd expect Genjuro to actually face questions from the Japanese government itself
That is true
I wonder how Yatsuhiro persuaded the Americans
Yes
Probably not, formally she transferred to SONG
That's why it's a Strike through
~~Technically yes~~
It won't surprise me if Fudou is one of the reasons why Tsubasa isn't likely to sing again or take to the field until close to the season finale
~~Do remember, for the Americans, this is also very embarrassing, because one of their agents couldn't prevent a terrorist massacre with fifty times the death toll of 9/11~~
And here's the thing: if Fudou yells at Tsubasa for being  a disgrace, Tsubasa as she is right now would probably fully agree
~~Fudou orders Tsubasa to fake her death or incapacity to the public for the time being, to run the victimhood narrative
Then to the 100k people themselves
To be honest, I think Fudou is more concerned about 100k people dying at Tsubasa's concert does to the Kazanari Honor
Instruments are never cheap
True
Probably because music franchises sell well
I actually think such a endeavor is more likely to be initiated by production and management
Almost certainty
There is a reason why Aoi Yuuki seems to be in everything
Only a very small percentage of Seiyuus make it
To be honest Seiyuudom works similarly
But yes,  Symphogear is poorly placed for such a development I think
Likely to happen first for games
Symphogear... well, I don't think so
Bandori comes to mind
Or a franchise that really, really wants to go international hard and is run by someone notorious for taking risk by Japanese standards
Especially ones with a dub infrastructure for previous projects in a franchise already in place.
Ok, how about this: the first places where this partnerships can happen would be for big franchises
I use Mari Ohara, because I do think that Jamie Marchie taking Mari's English serious parts would actually work well with Ainya covering Japanese and meme Engrish - so it's a illustrating example that comes to mind
There's a possibly one day we might see a Love Live Mari Ohara type character have her English lines taken by her dub counterpart
I do think if simulcast dubbing happens and takes off
So it's a matter between Dub and sub studios
But dub VAs for animes like LL do this in studio right?
Until we get Simulcast dubs, I'm not sure whether it'd be used
But the technology is there
It's just that the set-up and the imagination to set up online transfers of voiceovers across an ocean between dub and sub studios aren't there
Especially for shows that have a pool of dub actors previously involved in the show to call upon.
Technically, I think it can be rather easily done now
Since the infarstructure to have a different solution cheaply isn't there
I kind of shrug and accept Japanese from Trump as an acceptable break from reality
Like making hypothetical dub Genjiro do double duty
If there was a dub, you might think they'd ring out their contacts from previous seasons and ask them to take on President Trump
It's kind of hard right, since IIRC Symphogear has no dub
There's no way she can ever pass for a L1 speaker
Ayahi English is decent, but the accent is very strong
I think there are a few actual Seiyuus around that speak English with a first language level proficiency, like Sally Amaki from 22/7 but people like her are rare
~~So Milliarc becomes a Kiritsugu kill the few to save many~~
And replacement by her spinoff
Tsubasa is going to need to be a saint to forgive Milliarc after this
~~I want to like-hate her!~~
Keep her that deliciously maniacal hatable villain for once
Please, please no cringy redemption arc for Milliarc
Especially since they are going out of the way to make her character a love to hate character
I bet Aimi would never have landed her role in XV as Milliarc if she hasn't been gaining exposure via Poppin Party over the past few years - as in performing as lead vocalist in your own band show at the Bukodan twice level exposure
And yes, even the villains
In any case, Symphogear Seiyuus seems to be selected often for their ability to actually sing well
We have went from complaining about engrish in Symphogear to....
Nope
||maybe Dess was the reason why Kirika wasn't in the concert. It would be too inappropriate to go Dess when people are actually dying in large numbers||
The one on the Supercarrier
Finish the episode, because the ending shows the real face of this season.  If you don't like the implications for the characterizations, then feel free to drop it
One bad end is Tsubasa breaks and becomes Lady Kazanari, as Fudou always wanted her to be
~~Too cool to live~~
And the supposed mentor character
Well, that's what Tsubasa herself probably believes too
And of course, in her current guilt ridden state, she'd take all of it
We come full circle
If so, I imagine it's something majestic and glorious
When is the Tsubasa Henshin going to happen? End of the season?
No matter what
Don't let the Illuminati wipe that grin off your face
Keep grinning
The ever grinning jester
100k
Concert
~~You thought I was Elfnein but it was ME Carol!~~
Fudou is basically a glimpse of where Tsubasa would end up in a few decades if Tsubasa falls back and is sucked into her I am a Sword mantra too hard for too long
'~~Fudou just wants the best for the security of the Japanese people~~
To break Tsubasa so he can mold a broken Tsubasa into his true heir
Ah who am I kidding, this is Symphogear. They'd somehow try to make Fudou sympathetic
I don't think they'd go there - too much like Fine
Who surfs from descendant to descendant and Tsubasa is his next host
For me, it's if Fudou is a body surfer
But I think it's a shame if it's the last entry in the Symphogear setting itself
I do agree that XV is probably a good place to bring Hibiki's story to an end
At least widespread enough where we can have scenarios such as the Beef Stroganoff Trio being in a team with Hibiki and Miku or something like that
But I'd think it'd be interesting what they'd do in a continuity where Gears or Faust Robes or something similar that can fight Noise and other Supernatural threats are more widespread
That sort of limits the kind of stories that can be told. I do like that in the main continuity, the Gears are rare, and only few can use them
Maria-Sensei anyone?
My personal hope is for some kind of AU where Lydian Academy becomes a full out combat preparatory School for Adapters, in a world where some Symphogear equivalent is more widespread and you can afford to arm whole academies with them
And it won't surprise me if it turns out that Gear Sync Rate and your ability to use a Faust Robe is correlated
Or it won't surprise me if this is the case
Yes, the Faust Robes probably can be reverse engineered by the various nations of the world
It still has to be called Gears somehow
And the world building, and the setting, and the themes etc, etc, etc
Or Nasuverse Alternate Universe style
Any other story either goes prequel
Which is why if the Gears go, then we won't get a direct sequel to this continuity
I can see Tsubasa being the Commander
Instructor probably
Remember, Lydian Academy is still a place to gather potential Adapters in one place....
Something like Tsubasa or Maria training a new generation of Gears a few decades later
I mean, they could go down the same route they did for adult Nanoha in post XV
Sorry for the derail
Quite alot of the Vivid cast would make far more interesting students than Teena IMO
Nanoha as a mentor to students
The other route is go all in on the Striker route
I don't trust 7arcs to make an intelligent show about politics though
Something to that effect yes
But that would result in a very different show
Unless said threat is something she can't blast her way through
Kind of hard though, because coming up with threats that pose a challenge to her would mean a route that looks something like Force in terms of villains
~~Mother dies in episode 3~~
One day, there's going to be a Magical Girl Warrior type show about a teenager working in a Magical Girl team led by her mother
But we don;t acknowledge Force exist
And Force
and Strikers S
Nanoha as of Vivid
Magical Woman more like
Reminder that Maria is a 22 year old Magical Girl
That is Love
What was Serena to you? Why is Kirika and Shirabe  precious to you? What do you feel whenever you flirt with Tsubasa?
There's a timeline out there where Hibiki is mentored by St Germain....
XDU timeline where the St Germain Hibiki ship sails
I wonder whether she knew she was on a clock and the illuminati was planning to blow the moon on their terms
So she had to strike now
And her likely next reincarnates would probably be in a worse position than Ryoko
I wonder whether XV will further  contextualize why Fine struck when she did in the main timeline
Or was Shirabe just unlucky to be the first one exposed to aufwatchen wave after the moment Ryoko died
I wonder, did Fine have a choice in who to reincarnate in?
Enmasse
If they want to go dark, we have a timeline where symphogears are literally forged from fragments of other gears grown inside subjects
Or indeed any other gear
I actually suspect if Fine wanted to and had time, she probably could have kept developing an entire gungnir gear line from symphogear fragments
Which is why three gungnir users can be used at once
Also technically, since most relics are in fragments, its possible that you could have multiple fragments of a single relic forming multiple gears, right?
Given that unless XDU introduces some kind of timeline culling system  in the way Fate Grand Order does there probably is no shortage of such dimensions to gain relics from
That are still bound by common rules
Or completely different worlds ala Isekai style?
Alternative dimensiona as in alternate timelines where the Point of divergence  does not involve the main cast?
Gears are basically outside context problem weapons in the right circumstances
Lolololol
The irony of creating the very weapons that can also stop her plan
But it seems that it doesn't really suit Fine's plans to make more than seven - at least in a world where Fine could reach her goals much faster thanks to Hibiki and getting her hands on Durandal early
I'm trying to figure out whether a scenario where more Gears are made are possible
~~Palpatine~~
Basically rig the threat and the fights
Heck, they could have Adam serve that role
TBH, there is kind of a plot hole
- Noise attacks are global right?
- How are seven gears enough to cover the world?
Judging by the opening scene
Which will contradict the two
And I suspect XV is going to give a third reason
Almost like she wanted to be beaten lol
Oops
And the US has many of her most likely reincarnation destinations in their custody
Or if Hibiki wasn't at that concert
But they never were meant to be produced in larger numbers
Judging by things such as Lydian Academy being full of potential adapters.
I get the sense Ryoko/Fine set up the Symphogear system such that they looked like Super Proto-types for something that eventually would be produced in larger numbers
But I'd bet some will still say SAO progressive still commits the sin of the invincible protagonist
SAO Progressive
Given that they body slammed Tsubasa's psyche so early on
I'd be stunned if there's an episodic Lull
I guess in a way, AXZ tried the same thing, but Episode 2 did it way better
Also on DMjii in Episode 2 - well, they split Shirabe and Kirika together, which was how they tried to differentiate the two
It's kind of impossible to target the Zanbara duo in isolation IMO
Considering that the strategy of the Alchemist seems to be to attack the Symphogear users at the core of their identity, if their strategy against Tsubasa is any indication, that's probably where the character focus/development is coming from
But certainly, she is a recipient of the kind of dramatic arcs the Zanbara duo don't have much of post G - maybe that tease of Shirabe's real origins but I don't think that quite counts
I'm trying to think whether those AXZ pairings really did anything to develop the Zanbara duo
Isn't Kirika and Shirabe's character focus kind of subsumed by the fact they often tag along with Maria?
But I'm not sure I'd call it post G development
And I suspect that XV will use it for whatever drama the Alchemist plan for the Zanbara trio
So  it's character consistency, not quite development
Something we know since the last few episodes of G
But still, it reinforces the idea Kirika is self-sacrificial
But then again, G already showed Kirika pretends to be be a Baka, she actually isn't as Baka as it seems on the inside
Come XV, she's still the fool that says Dess like a Pokemon, though granted, she isn't completely brainless and is adaptable
We know Kirika is playing the fool ever since G, but I don't recall Symphogear developing Kirika past that point
This is a given, since Tsubasa at least will not be in this state of peace and contentment for a long long time
I'm trying to think about how much change really occured for Kirika and Shirabe once we are past G
amazingly
After five seasons
Because she's still very, very sparsely characterized
But rather the life of Serena
Hopefully, the focus isn't on the death of Serena
Since Tsubasa isn't going to be in any position to provide leadership
And substitute leader
And Maria.... I don't know lol?
DMJii is each other, see the last few episodes of G
Hibiki's break point basically is Miku
Chris fears isolation and loneliness? Losing the place of belonging she found with her fellow gears? That's my best guess
Also, I think the enemies are deliberately pitched as "weaker" than our protagonist in stand up fight, to remove the need for an upgrade arc. It's not upgrades to their gear that they might need, it's basically the song of their heart whatever it means to them
I wonder whether they'd revisit the Shirabe  and the shrine connection in XV
That's what executing the hostage was meant to do to Tubsasa
The way I see it:
because we are weak, and you are strong, we attack the basis of your strength
Her self-perception shattered
Ie: that's what they did to Tsubasa
So if you could attack the basis by which one constructs your self-perception, you could probably render a gear user non-functional
Because I'm thinking whether Gears ultimately run on how one perceives oneself
What about self-perception?
True, but taking out Tsubasa serves the purpose of presumably clearing the way for the antagonist plan, so that's the tie to the broader plot. If the Zanbara duo are going to be spared an attempt to break them as individuals (and TBH, again, their only real point of failure is each other), then where does Shirabe's past fit in?
Else, it basically eats up precious episodes
Which has to matter, and has to probably tie in with the custodian plot
Made of what?
Basically, it seems to me that Shirabe probably won't get any more focus arcs in XV. Too many things going on
It does raise the question what Shirabe's role is then
And while they can work Fine in the plot in theory without any involvement from Shirabe
Forgive me *Fine*
Which it should stay close, until the opening of XV dropped the four letter word
True, it was meant to bring closure to the Fine arc and answer a loose plot thread and close it forever
All that effort for basically nothing
It's one huge misdirection... that leads to non-consequence in the long run in the five seasons of Symphogear in totality as one whole story
So basically all the mystery of who Fine's reincarnation is fizzled out with the back of Kirika's scythe in G, with no further implications on the post G plot
In any case, does Shirabe being Fine new host has any implications beyond G? It seems like one of those things that basically is irrelevant until AXZ open up the Shirabe Moon priestess connection
So yes, it wasn't obvious
I actually missed that detail
Very far cry
Which is far cry from a S1 self
It's just one of those blink or you miss it details in the background that show who Chris is right now
The Chris tie thing isn't misdirection
But about the other side of the planet
I did say right from the start: Tsubasa was probably not in the right state of mind. She holding the idiot ball is very very justifiable and predictable
and their guard is definitely the lowest after finishing their song on a high
It's the complacency of the strong
^
How Episode 2 should have ended:
Maria transforms and laser spams the Noise as they descend
The more I think about it, had there been all six geahs in that arena, one of them probably could have nuked the summoning circle as they dislodge Noise
It's just that she very understandably hesitated for multiple reasons
At least the initial wave
Basically, had Tsubasa *not* hesitated, she could have averted much of the massacre
But you can't exactly blame Tsubasa for not intercepting those red summoning circles, she probably wasn't thinking straight from the very moment those red circles arrived
If Tsubasa wasn't freaking out, she probably could have sword spammed the Noise as they land
I am reminded of this where Tsubasa fights Noise mid air and picks up Maria in AXZ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVnRypHL40g
Wiser in battle yes and maybe in some actions, but fundamentally stable in characterization. Basically, "flat" which isn't a bad thing  mind you.

It's the prospect of permanent separation forever which holds the possibility of changing them as characters, but  I doubt it's going to happen.
So long as Shirabe and Kirika are together (not necessarily physically, but the prospect being *seperated* permanently being  non-existent sufficies), I'd expect both characters to be very stable in terms of personality
No
She's going to take those revelations, digest them and move on as her deadpan self
I get the feeling we are going to go back to status quo is god for Shirabe's character then
Come to think of it, I bet Episode 4 trauma would happen because Hibiki tries to Talk  no Jutsu Elsa, only to result in Millarc succeeding because Hibiki was pinned in place by trying to reason with Elsa. And it turns out the only reason why Elsa is willing to engage in Talk no Jutsu with Hibiki, is to buy time for Millarc.
The traffic jam that saved Biki from an early sanity break
I get the feeling had Biki been there in the concert, there's a non-zero chance she might have BSOD
XV topping that would be hard
Didn't GX already bashed Bikki down rather hard?
Take that belief away.....
As long as she believes in her power to fist
Now it's clear what Symphogear cross-over never should be attempted lest it ends in a very short story
~~Tsubasa witches out and relives the moment of Kanade's death endlessly~~
lol
Lucky G trio
So the original trio get Millarc and the G Trio Eliza
The leader
Vanessa?
Which is quite subjective
I can imagine that people who are particularly alergic to Chuuni characters might find her cringey
She is probably based on the "fallen angel"/"demon" Chuuni archtype except she sincerely means what she says and has the ability to make it happen
As a way to taunt her opponents. Mockery
Very, if you want to make her memorable
Only the subject is mass murder and casual terrorism
Its a voice belonging to a hyperactive genki girl
Its a striking imagery
Spunkily commiting casual atrocities while looking like a storybook reject
Juxtaposition
Deliberate art choice?
And on the Va for selling it
Starting with the wings
As she promised to do
In the final battle, Tsubasa will slice Millarc piece by piece
While singing this time
Furryza
So it might be Chris instead who gets Eliza?
Punchable speech patterns
Which she was almost certainly directed to do
Which is what being chuuni entails....
Thats not the point of her design
You aren't supposed to like Millaarc
She is a deliberate hate sink
Its hatability
I don't think scariness is what they are aiming for with Millaarc
Hard
I find her actions seems rather ruthlessly calculated to press Tsubasa's buttona
Rainbows are straighter than Miku
Not Gay enough for you? She was singing this from the bottom of her heart at the end of G
I won’t ever let you go
I won’t let you go anywhere far
I love you this much
Look how much I love you
~~Elsea was made out of the soul of Serena. Maria Angst time~~
~~Chris experiences a Luke I am your mother moment~~
A side B side
Inwardly... matyr complex
Outwardly hyper and happy go lucky with a wide grin
Isn't it a reference to the two layers of Kirika's characterization
In Kirika's case, her weapon is the first thing to be summoned
Don't most magical girl transformations leave the summoning of weapons rather late into the transformation?
Genjuro best uncle
Given Tsubasa's mental state though....
So that's the other problem
Plus, relics are priceless
They aren't in mass production, so economies of scale don't come in
She was broken so hard she got stuck in permanent sun child mode
It's because of Hibiki's drama that she is this perfect
Those Yo-yos don't swing themselves
Even Shirabe could probably out-wresetle this entire channel
I mean Symphogear can get very dumb sometimes, and Mama Isekai is fully aware of how dumb it is and rolls with it with glee to great comedic effect. Anyway, that's for the anime-club channel
And Kirika is also Mamako from this season's Mama Isekai
If Darkness had a Henshin sequence, it'd probably won't be too far from XV Kirika
And Kirika is Darkness
And Martial Arts thanks to Genjuro
She isn't
Kirika only pretends to be an idiot
Hibiki is an Shonen idiot hero after all
~~Tsubasa is a baka sword~~
Chirs-Miku-Shirabe-Maria-Tsubasa-Kirika-Hibiki?
So how does the Intelligence Ranking look like for the Gears?
When they doubted her academic ability
There was a scene where she waved around her grades in front of the cast
I will laugh if Kiri has a deep run in a best girl tournament because of this
I'd say between Symphogear and Love Live, a good chunk of Nanjo's discography has been done under character voices that places limitations on her. Though how much different is Shirabe's range from Nanjo's preferred range? Nanjo is no stranger at singing at high pitches....
Nanjo releasing a bad song is a rather rare occurrence....
It's Nanjo after all
It won't surprise me if Shirabe's character songs are bangers in XV again
And four years, two weeks ago, Nanjo was the center in a Love Live single called Angelic Angels that had 82k sales - now those numbers are past the point of "amazing" and Love Live is a juggernaut, and Angelic Angels was a movie single - but the point is, whether a number is good depends on what you define as good.
For comparison, Millaarc's VA Aimi just released an anime insert single on May 15 2019 with her band, Poppin Party, and got sales results that look like this
4    NEW    Poppin'Party    Dreamers Go! / Returns    19,510
General rule is  Nana Mizuki's OP does best, and among Character songs, it's Nana Mizuki who performs best sales wise, followed by Nanjo
So small improvement here
*9.　**8,131　*,**8,131　Senki Zesshou Symphogear AXZ Character Song 1 "Makenai Ai ga Koko ni Aru" by Hibiki Tachibana (CV: Aoi Yuuki)
This was Hibiki's numbers for AXZ
But for Symphogear versus previous seasons?
For anisong, these are decent numbers - not amazing (that's for Tsubasa's character single to aim for, since it's Nana Mizuki).
Define good. Compared to Symphogear usual numbers in previous season, or compared to something else?
13    NEW    Tachibana Hibiki (Yuki Aoi)    Senki Zesshou Symphogear XV Character Song Series 1    8,309
So, Oricon numbers for weekly sales numbers for Hibiki's Character Album  are out
Yes, but to greenlight a repeat...?
Then I'm very surprised they greenlighted the Concert Massacre, considering that terrorist attacks at concerts are a real life security issue
At least they probably won't try to shoe-horn in some half-assed redemption arc if this scenario goes down, which IMO is one of the developments that could lead XV down the same route as GX
TBH, the fans would just be too happy cheering Tsubasa on as she slices Millaarc into tiny sashimi slices in the closing episodes of Symphogear to care about how Tsubasa get's there
~~But then again, Anime in general and Japanese media as a whole tends to handle mental issues very clumsily and badly is practically a meme at this point, so why should Symphogear be different?~~
Your fear becomes more plausible if they are trying to enforce a return to "status quo is god" with Tsubasa's character, where Tsubasa returns to her pre Ep2/AXZ state of mind, but I think it becomes less pertinent if Episode 2 had permanent effects on Tsubasa's characterization (ie: character development)
But the scars still remain and are very visible at the end of XV
The more nuanced option would be Tsubasa becomes well enough to take up her sword for the sake of the world
Ie: Seiyuu star power
Ie: Nana Wills it
And especially if this is a B plot, and the A plot of the Custodians needs to be addressed at the same time
That's well in line of the "Your friends are your therapist" attitude pervasive in Shonen
That's what XV might end up doing if the quality of writing drops down to GX levels of bad
So while XV sets up Tsubasa's character arc compellingly, it doesn't actually redress the problem it creates in Episode 2 convincingly
So, if I get it right, the fear here is that Tsubasa would in XV just "miraculously" recover from the wounds of the concert massacre, just by the fiat of the author, and with the stages of her "recovery" sped through, condensed or simply skipped over
I'm not sure what that has to do with shying away from trying to touch on dark themes
Well, that's more on GX being very sloppy in execution isn't it?
It's a plot with a skeleton but no connecting tissue
^ This
Something less energetic, perhaps a mix of melancholic angst is much more apt IMO, and I'm sure based on the title that the song at the very least received its name due to whoever naming the song getting his or her hands on the Symphogear XV script at least up to Episode 2 ahead of time.
Considering what happens to Nana Mizuki's character, Tsubasa in Symphogear XV, I'd think a high energy, triumphant song in the mould of Testament is *highly* inappropriate for the OP. If Testament gives off the feeling of a great warrior leading the charge sword in hand with her battle-companions, Metanoia testifies to a broken warrior attempting to raise her sword from the dust.
Considering what Episode 2 does to Tsubasa's state of mind, it's not that easy to have a light hearted show with XV
~~No Tsubasa adorkable moe SOL for you~~
You forgot the overcoming adversity part
Shem ha would turn out to be the reason why the Symphogears always eventually triumph
The real villains have always been humans
~~Because Kanade didn't have Shem-ha on her side, she died~~
Just misunderstood
Nah, SHEM-HA would turn out to always be the good guy, given this is Symphogear
Anyway
In any case, she's probably a god from Hibiki's perspective
Miku was always the reincarnation of a god
~~ENKI is Miku's past live~~
That bodes very poorly for the future of Kyoani
Because that would be the worse case scenario for Kyoani as a studio
Were casualties concentrated among the directors and veterans?
One fifth of the studio in minutes....
A severe loss
Source?
If it is an aftermath episode that discusses the fallout of the massacre,  it might be deemed too soon
Could Symphogear be delayed, depending on the content of episode 3?
A thought occured to me that I hope isn't inapprorpiate:

Had the Summer season started one week later, Symphogear XV episode 2 might have its airing delayed.

It would have hit too close to the tragedy that just occured.
And he probably could have pretended he was delivering supplies or sheets or something else with a bag
He had time to douse all Fire exits with Gasoline. That was the mind boggling part
As in he delusionally believes that Kyoani has wronged him, and is sick enough to... well conceive and execute this slaughter.
Probably delusional
Plagarism
Media claims that the attacker believed that kyoani stole his ideas
28 out of a head count of 150. Any death is bad enough, but delays and cancellations are guaranteed unless the work is in a fairly late stage of production
I don't think Vivid quite explained that
At least Symphogear XV on MAL isn't being bombarded by the same downvote trolling on r/anime
||Why do I get the same vibes with Wise's mother that I get with Hibiki's father?||
Okaa-san Online Episode 3
Here's an example from Aimi, the VA for Millarc. Aimi is also the lead vocalist of Poppin Party, the band playing in this video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAdH7B3vgvA&ab_channel=%E3%83%90%E3%83%B3%E3%83%89%E3%83%AA%E3%81%A1%E3%82%83%E3%82%93%E3%81%AD%E3%82%8B%E2%98%86
So it seems to me from a search, that no-one actually posted songs where the Seiyuus of this seasons XV villains sing, from what I'm seeing here
