anyone got some Hibiki pictures that would fit nicely onto a 24 inch monitor? been digging online trying to find some good symphogear backgrounds but not much turns up
the chibi Chris with the okonomiyaki where is that from?
*same*
hit me with anything Bikki
top tier
amazing, thanks a bunch
the one <@!81815015224516608> posted
is there a link or source for the cute art with the characters and their chibi selves?
i dont know why i had to search up the watermelon video to save the image when i could've just saved the one thats posted ._.
mein god. loaded up on Bikki for awhile i guess
Guess I shouldn't be doing it on data lol
*that's a lot of Bikki I have to scroll through*
Jesus how many Bikki pictures were posted. Not that I'm complaining
i'd never hurt Bikki. but i mean i *really* want that hoodie
i'd kill for those Ignite hoodies. especially Hibiki's
the xmas tree better come with a mini xmas tree. im actually so excited for GFL nendos
is there a release date for GFL Nendos? or is it just announced for now?
dat Bikki has been my discord pic for a long time now
Thanks
ok i need a higher res version of this. went through image search and the entirety of danbooru for Chris and i cant find it
is there a higher resolution of that one arm Bikki though?
probably going along with what if berserk didnt give her arm back
can anyone find just the bottom Girls Frontline pic
dess
basically its just the waist and forearms that are really similar to the Unicorn. its not 1/1 same as the Unicorn but its similar enough that most quick glances would mistake it
no problem
<@357594748023734273>
i remember seeing one with the girl pretending her hand coming out of her sleeve was like a fist coming out of the arm of a transforming gundam/super robo
wait. yes pretty sure thats the same artist. *Shirabe why u no help*
dang. once again was hoping Shirabe could help. well if anyone knows the artist just @ me pls

wait. does that man own a Symphogear pachinko machine
bless
who was the twitter artist that turned the Sympho girls into dragons?
46k pics
holy shit i didnt even know about that. *jesus christ*
i need a way to but them

which manga?
i love it already
makes sense
guesses on whos transformation we see next?
ahhh so they all have it now?
so Bikki is just permanently imbued with powers from the philosopher's stone now?
might just be the hair but it does look like Chris is the shortest
of course not
it would just go to her chest lol
huh. i never realized Bikki is actually pretty short
great. just get it off of horriblesubs or something then?
can i say the word torrent or is that a big no no
personally just feels like her will took a really big hit with that girl's death. her saying everything she cares about she cant protect/slips through her fingers. give me that Tsubasa depression/trauma->come back arc
dunno, i feel like her dropping her sword at the end might mean she just stops trying to fight
so guesses for whats gonna happen to Tsubasa? either she stops being able to use her Gear (or she refuses to use it?) or she gets more and more violent and impulsive during fights?
also could just be a stylistic change since S1 was ages ago, but i guess unless we get a hard confirmation then we can only assume
yikes. theres people in another discord saying the girl that died in XV ep 2 might be the same girl Hibiki saved in S1 during her first henshin
like i wouldnt really say Sympho is kid friendly but that one scene really kicked it up a notch
thought
thats what i though
like the people turning to red mist is nothing new but just the actual close up of the one girl really caught me off guard
i mean kanade just spat blood and turned to dust. i dont think we've actually seen someone get killed in quite this much detail before. hand through the chest and the close up on both Tsubasa and the girl
uhhhhhh is it just me or did Sympho just get more hardcore with showing death
sooooooooooooooo late to the party (as always because work) but wtf is that ending part with the grandfather
part of me really hoping Miku and 119 are ok and it was the inspector that got cut
always late to the party but yikes. whats with the suffering this season
so late to the party again as always. *but what is happening* everybody getting killed and shit. Elsa was cute too ._.
so anyone else have this pop up in their heads when Millarc yelled "Open bat"?
its not. thats the problem lol
it'd be so good if Hibiki and the rest have to train the next gen and it ends up being as hardcore as Genjuro training
anyone think they're going to announce a movie or an OVA during the XV Live?
it'll happen as long as Nana Mizuki wills it
