Unfortunately it's difficult to explain to people the things people with mental illnesses go through.

Someone lost a leg? Ouch that's painful
Someone with depression? "It's all in your head"

It's really sad to see someone being isolated and rejected when it's not even their fault.
Yeah, these days the common person is spoon-fed information and he or she will take it as true.
Even if it is some facebook post that isn't exactly the most reliable source of information.
It really goes both ways
I don't see myself committing such acts IRL ever but I can't say the same for another person.
Everyone is different and I can see how people *can* be motivated by art on a mental level.
Ah yes, on that note I do see your point.

It's a real challenge to be honest. I don't entirely disagree but I think it goes both ways. Some use it as a means to satisfy their needs while some actually use it as motivation to commit real acts because they want to experience it for themselves
I apologize if the way I worded things was not clear but the TLDR of my stance is that protecting the rights of unreal things should not take priority over real people
"One man working on protecting fiction is one man less protecting a person." < This part I'm just talking about people who defend people who are not real instead of protecting a real person
Um, I think we're misunderstanding one another. 

Do you mean in protecting the expression of people through their art or actually enforcing rules to prevent immoral drawings?
This is what I feel but if we keep enforcing rules on art it will never end. But i think it's selfish to force every artist to follow a set of rules and only draw morally correct art.

Pedophilia aside, there are multiple themes that are bad as well.

Rape, violence, torture, depression, bullying, etc.

No one really bats an eye to these, but somehow lolis get special attention.
Pedophilia is disgusting and always will be.
Be that as it may everyone can have their own opinion. But as I mentioned, real people first, debates on fiction later.
Personally I do not deny that liking loli art that involves controversial themes is abnormal as someone who enjoys browsing such things. But I firmly believe that no child should ever go through any form of abuse. You can call me disgusting etc. but while I like something that is "socially unacceptable" I will always firmly believe that real children should be saved first and foremost.
Just to switch perspectives gore art is also something horrible done to a person, but you don't see people chasing after the artists for drawing violence. Instead, people who go through abuse are being helped with any means possible.
I think the important thing is that we should be dedicating resources to saving actual human beings first before anything else. One man working on protecting fiction is one man less protecting a person.
Now I feel really guilty for treating him that way
As a kid I used to view someone with autism badly because no one taught me, I thought they were just really annoying people who wanted to wreak havoc.
I only managed to learn of what it actually was after getting older
Better to get it off your chest and feel a lil' better, nothing wrong with talking about it in <#336297840529899522>
lets just say asian families in general suck at dealing with mental health issues. it depends on the family but people from the old generation don't even think of it as a real issue and just dismisses it as attention seeking

that's why places like south korea and japan have to deal with suicide rates
yeah, it seriously sucks but. you're still young. you have a whole life ahead of you.

there are parents who have had to deal with their mentally ill child/children and have had their mental state attacked for years, let alone you, a young adult. dealing with an angsty teenager
there's no right or wrong answer to this i think. either you put yourself through a lot of trouble and stay by her side regardless even if advice falls on deaf ears and listening to her complain while doing absolutely nothing about it until she does change

or go your separate ways and let her family (hopefully since its an asian family...) deal with her. and save yourself. if you do come around to that don't blame yourself. people may say things like "oh you're abandoning her" but in the end, your own mental health is at stake too for enduring it with her.
gdi
WTT for miracles <:Ver:336656981144109066>
<:VanessaCracked:639136452600397829> can't really ignore someone with a real issue, but hey we have a channel for this so that's convenient
