Oh, sorry I didn't realize the link from global was the to a specific comment
Gotta chow down Gohan like Goku
I'm trying to decide if it's more worth it to just farm bosses on my own or with a group
Assuming the boss dies, that gets me two or three rewards?
How much % damage should I try to do on a Hard Boss to get the bare minimum items?
Indeed <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
It's a minor nitpick though.
I'm still not entirely convinced Carol and Elfnein are separate apart from on a sub conscious level. I'm hoping that the person using Dur Da Bla is basically still entirely Elfnein. She's just finally being assertive.
Please don't let Elfnein get made completely useless after a couple minutes.
I'm so unbelievably hyped for this tomorrow
Agreed. I'm not saying I think she should have gone Adult, I like that she didn't because it's more fitting for Elfnein.
<:HibikiHi:336657249827028993>
Lies
I feel like full Carol would have doned the adult form
There was no blood though
Though hopefully most of 13 is wrapping up the series and giving us a happy ending for everyone who lives
4
Maria will certainly get another chance. We still have the Argetlam subplot they set up
Either way though, his abs were insane
Well, he coughed blood I think
I think I'm most excited to see more smol Millaarc next week than anything else.
I expect to be totally wrong, I don't think anyone can really guess
Indeed, and I can't freakin' wait
If we get Chris Amalgam and Vanessa fight in the first half, we'd have time for something in the second half while the support team figures out a way to get the gears back. Then episode 13 is them coming back and kicking Shem butt
With the gears stuck on the moon and Genjuro saying something about them doing something about Yggdrasil, I kinda hope Gen, Carol, and maybe Ogawa will go up against Shem.
I don't care if it's good or not, I just want to see both of them together
Just give me the Bandori x Symphogear event and I'll die happy
Watch with shit subs, then rewatch with Yamate
No, season six is a SOL anime
Nanofate adopted a kid together
One last cliffhanger to end the series
Sasuga Symphogear
Just cool distortion effects mostly
I kinda hoped to see Synchrogazer come back...
All 2 of them
Sleeping and bathing together is normal. Actually declaring your love? That's just lewd
I can't wait
They confessed, but it's a private moment, so we don't get to see it. What are you, some kind of voyeuristic pervert?

It's scientifically proven that she's best girl anyways
Chris is above silly distinctions like gay/straight/bi/pan. She is merely Chris.
I'm going to venture to assume it's less their actual spirits and more the Geahs memories of them
It mixes the darker parts with the wholesome SOL
Kinda both
YuYuYu is like Madoka mixed with Symphogear, except I think both of those shows did their respective thing better than YuYuYu
