<a:KirikaHyperFish:726644338309726218>
There's cults here?
I hate both of you, especially cocoa
See you when I finish work babes
Jk, love you 😘
Don't act like you know me 🤔
<@222517038042710017> daddy Mac help
Doesn't China frequently ban Crypto to drive prices down so that they can buy more?
I would say to do what you consider the best course of action for you. If dropping out is required then I would say to do so
My point is completely valid, it's just another way of doing something that in turn causes harm to the environment
And you could always play a boardgame
So you completely skip the point I make and change it around to better suit your argument?
When you use the software to play a game the energy consumption greatly increases
The point I made was about pc games, not just talking about a pc
I don't think crypto is a good thing, but you can't try and tell me that my example isn't comparable when it is
The two are very much comparable, you could play a boardgame instead yet you choose to play a game on your PC instead. You could argue that video games are better than a boardgame but they weren't always, in the same way that blockchains have also improved over the years
I don't think blockchains are a necessity, and we can go without them, but the idea behind it isn't bad
Not really, it would be like saying a video game on your PC also has a high energy consumption. The idea of something can be good and just have shitty consequences
The idea of Blockchain isn't bad, but more so just the side effect of energy consumption
The whole issue with NFTs is that it takes a lot of computing power to authenticate it on the blockchain. The real problem is Ethereum
Not really, as it would still take the same amount of computing power to authenticate the sale of the NFT and print the receipt
Blockchains don't work like that, well sort of. Blockchain receipts are stored across all computers using the network. Not to say that NFTs aren't fucking stupid and really bad for the environment
Pain
Sounds like any card game
You can't go into a bank and ask to see all their transactions
Crypto is the exact same thing, the only difference is that it isn't centralised
I didn't say it was? It's an imitation of it, the same way a blockchain is an imitation of banking systems
There are many alternatives to video games, we have hundreds of football games, you can just go outside and play football with your own two feet. It's stupid to try and completely ignore the point, it's a waste of energy and does the exact same thing as a blockchain in causing harm to the environment
Oh I wasn't aware of that, but for it to store on a server it wouldn't have been through a blockchain no?
Also <@676272618839605249> I don't remember anything about dragon ball, so you're basically got the wrong person. Your ping would've made sense if Luci was fronting
And then he stopped because he can't sing
I was singing in VC last night because I can. Cocoa never sings
🤔
Nah, like there's a limit to what I remember
Didn't Luci explain this stuff to you?
