As far as I remember a good deal of the closed polling locations (prior to COVID) were in heavily black neighborhood.  And those go heavily to Biden
Why would they need to suppress voters when Biden was more popular anyway?
By the time the pandemic was in full swing the primaries were effectively over.  Also primaries are run by the states
People like Biden
I don't buy any of the DNC conspiracies
If by rigged you mean Biden getting vastly more votes than Bernie, then sure, it was rigged
Of course he doesn't, Sanders supporters will do that on their own.
And I would take anything Trump says regarding the primary race with a grain of salt.  Of course he'll try to be divisive and insinuate it was rigged to alienate Sanders supporters from Biden
Well, whether or not you feel it should be that way, there's only two viable choices.
That's your right
If you're completely fine with 4 more years of Trump and a permanent conservative SC majority, you do you
Like, look at everything Kawamori's ever made for an example
Seriously it's absurdly rare for 2 cour originals to have a stronger second half
<:HibikiSmug:672655850518609940>
An original with a weaker second half, that almost never happens
God I was so disappointed that all the potential intrigue in HaiFuri ended up being...hamsters.  Meanwhile, even if there was some possession going on with TnM at least it commited to it
I watched TnM as it came out, haven't gone back to revisit it, but I had a great time with it.  Weird comparison but part 1 was almost exactly what I wanted out of HaiFuri
I still don't understand why they released Babylonia before Camelot
I wanted to like it
Oh hey QUALITY Code
Never got around to watching even the first episode of Babylonia, and haven't done anything besides my daily login in FGO for over half a year
Man, I've really fallen out of Fate
The entire Aria series if you still somehow haven't seen that
Mid 2000s?  Zegapain, Simoun
I watched Seed and Destiny around the time Aldnoah S2 was airing, and man were the similarities uncanny
Still a better show than Aldnoah though
Remember the part where Luna spied on Athrun and learned about a whole bunch of shady crap going on behind the scenes?  Neither did she apparently
Like, the time Meyrin actually did do something cool...but it was completely out of nowhere, then she was immediately reduced to a background character with like 5 lines total for the rest of the show
There's so many random things that bothered me
<:GenjuroLaugh:689563633516150872>
And Mu
To be fair almost everyone was, but especially Cagalli
Destiny didn't truly go to shit until the last third imo
because of the whole feud with Morosawa (allegedly)
Doesn't Cagalli's VA want nothing to do with SEED anymore?
So to me he became less interesting in the last third when he could just shoot to disarm and shit
He's still *okay*, but I think he was at his most interesting when he constantly had to compromise between his ideals and the realities of the situation.  Lacus presented a convenient third option, and the SF was so OP (at the time) that he no longer had to compromise
for all the shit he gets
I actually think pre-SF Kira was a solid main character
When it's was Kira and the Archangel struggles to survive and escape
Personally I thought the pre-Strike Freedom stage of SEED was where it was at it's best
I know, that's what I'm ehhhhing at
ehhhh
Then again, original mecha and weak second halves go together like Hibiki and Miku <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Second half is generally considered to be weaker but it's still a great watch
00's a lot of fun
Do it
<:HibikiSmug:672655850518609940>
Gundam Build Fighters 00
A LOT I could say about Bofuri's adaption compared to Dendro's but the simplicity of Shield Girl really paid dividends, plus the way better production values
Bofuri just makes me sad it wasn't OSO that got an adaption instead.  Probably too late for that to get one though.
It's about when you know you have more than 1 cour to work with
exactly
So to me, a 24-26 episode continuous series and a 1 cour show with a planned sequel are more or less the same
Fundamentally, the important part is knowing you have 2 cour to work with when planning the series, deciding an endpoint, etc
I thought we already knew it was 2 cour
Though it's hard to really track what it and isn't influential on narou when you don't actively follow the site for years.  For all I know OSO is a ripoff of something else that never got translations
If you've ever read the VRMMO Ossan WN/manga, that one is a pretty blatant OSO ripoff
VRMMO WN/LN.  Was first released I think 2-3 years before Bofuri.  Has a lot of similarities
sure, though I do know the LH distinction
so to me it fits the bill
because Underworld is a proper world, with sentient inhabitants, history and culture
I kind of consider Alicization isekai or at least borderline isekai
though trying to define isekai is whole different question
No, I'm saying I agree
No argument
but anyway, SAO.  People always credit it for ushering in the isekai boom, but when you look at all the isekai running around, there's (imo) very little SAO dna in there
God I loved Mondaijitachi
In a weird way, that kind of applies to SAO for me
Though it's hard to really track what works are truly influential on narou
Like, Bofuri isn't a blatant rip-off like VRMMO Ossan, but I'd be surprised if OSO had no influence
Sally is basically just genderbent Taku
Literally the same character
I've read the Bofuri WN, the whole thing comes off as a mediocre OSO knockoff
yeah
Oh damn, T&B getting a proper sequel finally
should be 5 seasons total?
I feel like they'll end up adapting the whole thing by the end
won't go into details beyond that obviously
To be fair, the main thing I was dreading with Chihayafuru was the parts right after where it ended.  I'll probably catch up sooner rather than later.
Eizouken I just never could get into, didn't care for the characters that much.  Chihayafuru 3 mostly fell behind because I've read the manga and was dreading certain parts I knew were coming.  Magia Record...I don't know why I fell behind.  I was enjoying it just fine
To be fair, I've been caught up with way more shows than usual this season
Though I'll probably ended up shelving Eizouken and Chihayafuru 3 for now and just finish up Magia Record
as usual
Welp, it's that time of the year again, to catch up everything I fell behind on this season in the span of a few days.
If Magia Record was a 1 cour adaption with zero guarantee of a sequel, it probably would have done things very differently.  Then again I doubt a 1 cour adaption of it would have ever been greenlit
With adaptions though, knowing how much of the story you can adapt is to me the most important part about 1 vs 2 cour
Like, with originals there was stuff like Buddy Complex, where the second half may or may not have been trimmed down to a couple episodes.  I don't think there's any confirmation whether if was intended to be longer, but it probably was
The distinction matters more for originals over adaptions I guess.  I was mostly thinking in terms of the latter
I think that subgenre's been around since the early-mid 2010s?
You know I'm really surprised it took so long for an otome reincarnation isekai to get an adaption
Did I?
No, the Macross Frontier movies
fair enough
I do encourage you to watch the series when you're done.  I said calling them recaps is cheating because the movies are very, very different.  Same basic overarching story, but it does a lot of things completely differently.  Won't go into details beyond that
You watch the TV series, or did you go straight to the movies?
I know it's kind of cheating to call them recap movies, but they are a prime example of how to do them properly
God I love the Frontier movies so much
Incidentally, if you want more sci-fi + music anime, try out AKB0048.  That one definitely leans more towards the idol aspect, but it's a phenomenal show
In general with Macross, the holy trinity (according to Kawamori) is transforming mecha, a love triangle, and music.  Some entries lean more towards some than others
I felt Delta still leaned towards "mecha show with idols" (though closer to a 50/50 split than Frontier), though I can't speak for the movie
I think there might have been an announcement of an announcement that wasn't anything interesting
I don't think so
I am surprised we haven't gotten an anime for semis or shinohayu though
As far as I can tell it's the same damn script anyway
It'll literally just Saki but they're all boys
https://mangadex.org/title/46899/saki-re-king-s-tile-draw
I'm so confused
Genderbent Saki manga...why?
Speaking of Saki...
tbh I kept forgetting it wasn't already delayed anyway
As an anime-only, I thought the first episode was...okay?  Not really feeling it yet
Nah, that's her Yuri Kuma Arashi role
Saturday I think?
Shame that many of them feel so...samey?  Feels like most of them tend to run out of steam pretty quickly, though that's more of a general isekai issue anyway
still, otomege reincarnation is definitely a well established subgenre.  Surprised it took so long for one to get an adaption
Bakarina was definitely one of the earlier ones, but the one everyone copied was Kenkyo Kenjitsu I think
And I've read several
You've read one you've read them all, feels like sometimes
Like, I'm enjoying Bakarina, but I know the genre
Nami yo Kiitekure could be fun, hopefully Listeners ends up good (still need to watch episode 2), hopefully PriConne stays good (seriously how has the game not come to global).  Everything else just feels like a known quantity
I don't even feel like listing out what I'm watching, feel like nothing stands out (yet)
It felt like a comedic version of Jojo, I guess.  And that's not a good thing for me.  Just kind of repetitive
Wasn't really feeling the episode tbh, found myself pressing the right arrow by the halfway point to get it over with.  The series in general probably just isn't for me, I wasn't that into the first season either.  I know there's more serious arcs in the manga, those would probably be more up my alley, but the comedy just does nothing for me
And suddenly my hype is gone
First half of 5Ds is still the pinnacle of YGO.  Second half went downhill but was still alright
Then Smile World happened
Arc-V was fun
It's really, really bad
S2 is 3 episodes of mediocre plot stretched into 12, padded with comedy filler that isn't funny, fanservice filler that isn't sexy, and a godawful character development arc for a pointless new character that no one asked for
S2 was one of the worst seasons of anything I've watched to completion
S1 was a decent battle academy harem.  Was almost singlehandedly response for the massive amount we got in the first half of the 2010s
I've tried to watch Clannad several times and have yet to make it past Fuko arc
You'd be surprised...or not
That's definitely episode 1
I know, I watched the first two movies years ago and never got around to the third
One of these days I'll actually get started on UC
Nanoha movies are definitely worth a watch as well
Macross Frontier movies as well, though calling them recaps in the first place is...questionable.  Especially the second one
I liked the OVA, couldn't get into the show proper.  But it was popular when it aired, no reason not to give it a go
It's the same animation as far as I  can tell.  Maybe a couple extra effects or touched up backgrounds
First two movies or the tv series -> Rebellion yes
Rebellion is absolutely plot relevant, but not to Magia Record, which is it's own thing.  First two movies are completely pointless if you've seen the anime.
I'm trying to remember what exactly it was for me, but it was definitely something on Netflix at the time (mid-late 2011).  I really want to say it was either TTGL or FMA 2003.  Started watching a lot more after that with whatever else Netflix had, then the really awful quality streaming sites.  Broke into seasonal anime sometime during spring 2012 with Fate/Zero's 2nd half and of all things, Acchi Kocchi
Simoun's a good watch, though I have no idea if that's even legally streamed anywhere
my backlog is so big as is, yet here am I am watching 0048 for like the 10th time
I should be watching more instead of rewatching stuff I've already rewatched so many times before already
That feels like me with a good chunk of the unhyped mecha series of the 2010s.  M3, Aquarion Logos, ID-0, Pandora...
The WA2 author right?
I remember being really hyped for it, then the show ended up being kind of a letdown.  Sat through much worse though
Nah I watched Classroom Crisis.  Cobalt's still on my anisong playlist
I gave AssClass a few episodes and couldn't get into it <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
you're not really missing out on anything, it's best known for all the yuri parodies of it's ED
I don't remember ever having issues with the male protagonist, he's not a creepy rapist or anyuthing like that
It's an FFM love triangle centered on one of the females
I've seen it.  I don't remember it being particularly creepy/gross or anything, I just remember it not being very good.
Oh, Kannazuki no Miko
Speaking of Qwaser, I really hope Nectar gets an adaption before the isekai trend fades away
<@!160142617940590594>
I assume you're talking about Qwaser with the LGBT + Mature tag.  Can't say I've seen it, the whole breast drinking thing is a turn off for me, but I'm fairly certain there's lesbian characters in it.  Mostly a fanservice show though for sure.  I know Koihime Musou is an eroge asaption where they completely removed the male MC, don't know much else about it
<@!231025503643893770> my personal 2016 AotY had it's first half < 6 and it's second < 6.5 <:GenjuroLaugh:689563633516150872>
I remember it being on Netflix when I was first getting into anime
GG is 800
God I'm so disappointed Lost Song got Netflixed.  It would have never been popular anyway, but I would have loved for it to get some discussion to see if people would have seen the twist coming
If you want to talk underwatched/unknown shows, try being an unhyped original that gets delayed official subs because of Netflix.  Unit Pandora, Lost Song, ID-0...
I wish The Fool didn't bully Jeanne so hard, I really liked her as a contrast to Mikono from EVOL
I enjoyed ZA FUURU
Honestly the only issue I had with it was it got 2 episodes for it's second half instead of a full season <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
BC for me was just a really solid by the books mecha
I have no idea, it was a very popular series
Buddy Complex was super underrated but that wasn't as ignored as some shows
lots and lots of panty shots
It's harmless fun if you're fine with panty shots
Get your friends into anime by showing them Strike Witches <:HibikiSmug:672655850518609940>
a shame the manga got canned
Keijo was ahead of it's time
Fino best girl
Yuushibu?
Simoun is way too underwatched
Might have been me
I mean Girlish Number is only "relatively" obscure at most I feel.  I remember that being decently popular when it was airing
If we're talking about underwatched shows, who has even heard of Zegapain, let alone seen it? https://myanimelist.net/anime/878/Zegapain
let me find Mermaidforce real quick
SnH's music was SO good
Still arguably the best comedy anime ever
Speaking of obscure mid-2000s shows set in other countries, has anyone else ever watched (or even heard) of Red Garden?
I've heard of it, but mostly in context of being in the "girls with guns" trio of shows with Noir and...Madlax?
it just always amuses me
I mean that pic's just a Captain Tsubasa parody

I didn't mind Gen'ei
albeit one I haven't revisited in years
I never could get into the other Strike Witches spinoffs but the main series is a decent enough watch
old harem manga, used to be popular in it's day.  One of the main female characters revealed they used to have a boyfriend or something.  It...did not go over well
I'm sure some producers are paranoid about having a Kannagi sort of fiasco but I really don't think fans would care if they made things official
for Nanoha or Gear
I mean that's what I'm saying.  We all know what's up but the show itself doesn't want to make it undeniable
It's kind of the same issue I have with Nanoha
Probably Mars of Destruction?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeuSrAY4zwg
🏴‍☠️
pretty sure there was at least one other girl
seto no hanayome
🌙  ☀️
And Decode was the second adaption
I was going to say I thought Birdy was before she started getting roles, but turns out Birdy came out later than I thought.  Thought it was closer to mid 2000s
Yeah I don't see her in the cast list
Had that kind of high speed blocky action animation before it was cool
Been years but yeah
Definitely a good watch
Oh man, Birdy.  Now that's a show I haven't thought about in years
I really enjoyed Heroic Age but that one's a bit love or hate in my experience
for niche mid 2000s stuff
Besides the usual suspects, Zegapain and Simoun
You know, I'm really surprised we still haven't seen a Shinohayu anime.  Or semis
00 S2 is still fun.  I knew the reputation it had when I watched it but I never had those kinds of issues with it at all
I found 00 to be way more engaging.  I think I dropped IBO out of apathy like halfway into S1, whenever that dude with a harem showed up I think
00 feels like the go to "start here" gundam rec
And Destiny is...yeah
I watched SEED Destiny while Aldnoah S2 was airing, and the similarities felt really obvious.  And I consistently found Destiny to be the more enjoyable show
Oh god Aldnoah
Yeah but it's not really about the idol industry I guess
It's about, uh...jedi idols I guess
I don't consider them (or Macross) idol shows.  Idol shows vs shows with idols, if that makes sense
actually my AotD of the 2010s despite hating most idol shows
I will never not recommend AKB0048 to anyone fine with JPop
<:YumiPoint:688429724103344164>
See I cringe a lot at most idol anime but never for 0048
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> to each their own
I wasn't joking when I called them jedi idols, there's a lot of star wars vibes for various reasons
Main two are the deep pink short hair and long light blue
Also very sci-fi
Outlawed entertainment yes
Delta's the closest Macross gets to an idol show but it still feels completely different to me from shows like idolmaster/LL
just don't expect anything too action focused
I fell behind but I was enjoying it quite a bit
I haven't revisited it in ages, but I had a good time with it watching while it was airing
Oh this all started because a comment of Valvrave.  I have a bit of a soft spot forr it because it and Sympho GX airing back to back led me to going on a mecha binge for yeaars
I enjoyed Spyce.  Amazing OP too
I dropped it early but I found Cramer this season to be incredibly bad art/animation-wise
and Maerchen Maedchen
original TV airing of Twintails was also bad.  Also that one episode of Wizard Barristers
It's one of the more infamous QUALITY shows
I think  Polyphonica was around that time period too for Quality Van
Good old Musashi Gundoh
It had some QUALITY here and there but overall it did fine.
Look I was a huge fan of Infinite Dendrogram I know about botched adapaptions.  Redo did okay
eh I've dealt with worse
Of course if you don't like the source content it was never going to be a good show
I read both the LN and manga.  My only real beef with the adaption was too many repetitive threesome scenes, I thought they did a solid job otherwise
Personally I'm hoping for Shinju no Nectar to get one, but I'm losing hope on that one
I do wonder if PP will get an anime.  I'd normally say no, but seeing how far Redo was able to push things...
What I do remember about IS S2 is that it had like 3 episodes worth of plot for a 12 episode season, with a lot of filler.  And the filler was atrocious.  Unsexy fanservice episodes, unfunny comedy episodes, the awful episodes with little Russia when the cast was big enough already
I did watch IS S2 was airing, none of my thoughts on it are in retrospect
I mean yeah the first half of the 2010s was filled with blatant IS knockoffs
IS S1 was okay, nothing special, I have no idea how it sold like 40k copies.  S2 was an absolute abomination
Valvrave was the first real wild ride mecha I watched while airing.  Then Symphogear happened, and random comments and comparisons led me to Macross Frontier.  And from there it was history
The absolute worst anime I've ever FINISHED was probably IS S2
Maybe I should watch WEP to see how bad it's ending truly was
Though Kabaneri had a lot of issues in general with how it ended
Then I fault them for it, like with Kabaneri
It's why I'm more forgiving towards originals with bad endings, or adaptions that have to rush a bit to reach a satisfactory endpoint
That's the thing ain't it.  An adaption either never gets an ending, or goes on for so long they get like 50+ episodes to work with to tell it's story.  Most originals get 26 episodes at most
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
There's always so many LN adaptions that barely if at all go past the character/setting introduction volumes, and so have a plot that goes nowhere.  But people don't care
pretty much
but people don't actually expect adaptions to have any, and they're totally fine with that
Turns out endings are hard
I love watching people complain about bad endings, but completely shrug off series that don't even have proper endings despite no guarantees they'll ever get one (I didn't actually watch WEP)
It's a thing that exists apparently <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
Mahouka but from Miyuki's perspective
it's an LN adaption, not a manga adaption
I don't see why it would make any difference for the anime.
I mean, it's also where I'm at.  I'm in the camp that's fine with the content, and it's nice to see more ecchi series lately that are willing to go further.
I mean that's not my opinion, I'm just taking the author's reasoning from that interview
Who cares though, honestly?  Author has the right idea, better to make a series that's love or hate instead of something broadly acceptable but forgettable
idk who that's from but that's such a non-story <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
big if true
"Series that did well has a good chance of getting a sequel"
comedy, "comedy", whatever
I mean, nudity is used for comedy all the time
And then there's the actual H short anime over the last several years
So to me, having series like Reviewers and Kaifuku is a nice change of pace for the genre
The thing is with a lot of ecchi shows is that they avoid sex like the plague in general, whether or not it's actually shown
Ecchi inherently suggest tittilation is one of the main draws of the series, so I'm not sure what you're really asking for.  I guess if you're looking for a series that has fanservice, but sex scenes are just cut to black, but it's unambiguous that it happened...it's possible I guess?  idk
There's at least a few shows each season I download the first episode or two of and never even watch one minute of
Nowadays I basically predrop shows I might have given a chance years ago
The more you watch, the quicker you are to identify shows you'll stop caring about halfway in.  And personally at least I now drop those shows when I might have previously forced myself to finish
I remember when I used to watch 20-30 shows per season.  Now I finish maybe 5 at most.  It's not even a time issue, I just don't have the drive to watch more than that
now if it was the second coming of Glasslip...
I fail to see the downside of that
wakarimasen
I've seen people debate that before
More than anything it's a solid war drama
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> depends on what you want out of a show being yuri
https://anilist.co/anime/879/Simoun
god I loved Simoun
Also Simoun
I don't really care which way it goes as long as it's good <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
Instead I'm here.  Why am I even here
I'm aware.  There's no reason I shouldn't have watched it by now, I just haven't
It's sometimes silly the shows I watch same day, and the shows I constantly fall behind on.  The silly Mahouka spinoff?  Day 1, probably everytime.  Aquatrope, which I'm nearly certain I'll enjoy?  Still haven't watched a minute
ah
Also are you talking about Taichi or someone else
I still never finished Chihayafuru S3.  I found THAT particular event I knew would happen late in the season to be particularly hard to get through in the manga, so the entire season had this feeling of dread and I fell behind.  Never got back to it
that stupid dog
Meanwhile, the anime additions to Gakkou Gurashi were...frustrating
also I thought Ritz was female
Yeah but Shinohayu is Igarashi
there's more than enough material
Speaking of Saki where the hell is my Shinohayu anime
Watching an adaption that adapts the manga down to the shots themselves feels so damn weird when you're familiar with the manga.  Later seasons of Saki felt particularly bad about it for me
I don't mind studios doing their own thing with adaptions.  Mostly I just want a solid plot arc spanning the course of a season with a solid ending point
I'm pretty sure everyone's mixed those two up at least once
🦒
god chuuni s2 was so bad
it's basically just HorribleSubs 2.0
Pachinko machine incoming
Yeah that's why I was asking
I think I watched a third of it, and felt it was about to enter Stand of the Week territory that I had no desire to sit through
What I liked about the first two parts is that they ended before growing stale.  Part 3 just dragged unbelievably hard
Forced myself to finish the first half, watched the first episode of the second half before deciding I was having zero fun with it whatsoever, dropped it forever.  I tried part 4 and 5, but dropped both very quickly
Part 3 permanently turned me off from Jojo
And it's totally possible there's shows I dropped early that I would have enjoyed had I stuck with it.  I do usually follow the discussion on shows I drop though, and most of the time it sounds like I missed out on nothing
It was one of the only shows I've seen where I felt it actually improved from a mediocre first few episodes
Yeah that's why I brought it up lol
Horizon on the middle of nowhere
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> I don't have a strong opinion on Horizon characters tbh
Also if I remember right Baccano's non-linearity was that there were three distinct timelines it was following, while Horizon was jumping around a couple of days.
so you've got a somewhat hard to follow plot, combined with a very complicated setting and backstory with unfamiliar terms and such.
Baccano isn't really that confusing I feel, compared to Horizon.  Baccano is a very simple setting, Horizon's is extremely weird
Ultimately, I feel like most shows with slow starts still show promise early on, it's just unclear whether the buildup will go anywhere
I know it's non-linear, but episodes 2-3 are extremely confusing
but those first 3 episodes
So did I
yeah
My best example is Horizon, where the firrst few episodes are borderline incomprehensible, 4-5 starts to bring things together to set up the main plot, then gets and stays good and pretty straightforward afterwards
There's very few shows I'd say where the first couple episodes show little promise, but it becomes amazing in my experience
Yes and no
I think it's the fanbase that turns me off from Jojo more than anything
Problem is that they spent so much time on filler that the setup for S3 suffered, causing S3 to confuse the hell out of a lot of people.  S3 was still a lot of fun once you got over the massive amount of character that came out of nowhere though
At least the first half of it, rest was okay
Shana S2 is so bad
idk it just didn't read well.  Could give it another go though
probably the ones I read then
Did official translations ever come out for it, or was it all fan translations
I just remember having issues with it, it's been a while
I think I dropped the Mondaijitachi LNs because the translation felt awkward and annoying to read
I never actually watched the last season, maybe it improved it...somehow.  But wow was the manga awful
Also Souma's ending...haha good joke
ding ding ding
I know it got cancelled, but that just stop it from being an awful place to end it
Like, it has a perfect ending.  Then it has a pretty good wrap up episode to that ending, then a 4 episode backstory arc for 2 side characters that's pretty bad, then it ends on a recap episode for that 4 episode arc
It's still a great show but the Twelve Kingdoms ending is atrocious
Silent Party was the last part of S2 right?  I remember that being awful
I'd imagine
If Index ever gets S4 then the rushing was semi-justified to go right into NT
It really depends on how important the arc you're rushing to is, whether the show just fails without it.  Like, it's pretty old now but Tokyo Ravens.  9 volumes in 24 episodes, but I feel like the arc and plot relevations they were trying to hit were crucial for the story, and rushing to fit in was the right call.  Did Index need to rush?  Probably not
Again, rushed to shit to hit a specific endpoint.  Sometimes it works out, sometimes it doesn't
As an anime-only I don't remember it being incomprehensible, I just remember it being bad
I mean, as far as I remember that was just rushed to shit to hit a specific endpoint, coupled with shit production values.  Also see: Infinite Dendrogram
yeah but stuff always gets cut in adaptions, as long as things still make sense and flow well it's usually not an issue.  S2...did not
I haven't looked into LN information beyond "this is what S2 was SUPPOSED to set up going into S3"
Man, how long ago was it I watched S1.  Must be almost 10 years ago by now
Was Friagne s2?  I barely remember anything from S2
Nothing wrong with having legacy characters I feel they just misused them like crazy.  All the dimension plots sucked in general really
I wasn't thinking of vocal tracks tbh <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
God 5Ds ost was so good.  Even if there's other individual tracks that match or surpass it, overall it's so strong
If anything I'm more partial to Ruka's theme https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kjnBNEEr6g
I'm not even saying Jack's theme was my favorite, it was just so disappointing when they never used it
Don't even get me started on what they did to riding duels
duel writing for Action Duels was atrocious
Like, it's not that hard, if you're trying to capitalize on nostalgia and old references do it properly https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibHU7K2mnVg
never happened
God I hoping so bad to hear Jack Battle once
I don't remember what he was best known for at that time.  Probably Saya no Uta
Which...yeah
A lot of early opinions from what I remember were also based on Urobuchi's involvement
You know I never understood the sentiment that Madoka changed drastically in episode 3.  The show always had a very unnerving atmosphere to me well before shit hit the fan.
Well, Honoka + Shizuku but they're basically a pair regardless
Which they kind of do here but I think it would have been better if they really committed to it
is make Honoka the main character
What they should have done
Miyuki has a fundamental issue as a spinoff protagonist.  She's too tied to Tatsuya, and we know what she was up to for most/all of Mahouka S1, which means that it's really hard to write content involving her without making it feel like a rehash of S1.  It's not like Railgun where Misaka's off doing her own thing
Miyuki just does not work as a spinoff protagonist
I actually liked this episode of the Mahouka spinoff, which makes me (continue to) question why they decided to focus a spinoff on Miyuki in the first place.
I feel like the only one of those I've ever seen used is isotope
well there you go.  Not exactly a common suffix though
And an aquatope is...what?
hence people read it as aquatrope
but they've heard of tropes
because no one knows what the hell a tope is
Shota isn't really my bag but <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> I'm usually down for a trashy ecchi series
Basara definitely top tier on the music end though
I mean he can pilot an aircraft with a guitar hero controller, that's pretty good
Delta was kind of meh in general though
The top dog in Delta was Messer iirc
Isn't Isamu considered top tier skill-wise
I haven't compared CR rips from early 2010s to now, but considering file sizes have more than doubled, I don't feel like I'm seeing any improvement
What really gets me is how bloated a lot of web rips have become
Just annoy people until they listen to his damn song
I see a link to Heroic Age, great taste
I'm pretty sure no one know GRZ besides that one scene
Am I the only one who's actually watched Zegapain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tftkqWcrG50
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbhcChdCAUk
Although tbh with Vandread the real MVP was the ED https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3okO3oMV54
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kN9TD_Txy2k
Are we just sharing older anime OPs in general or something more specific
Speaking of which https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMOOsaqLP9g
The show where I really had issues with Hirai was Fafner.  I LOVE Fafner but the character designs could get very same-y, especially in Exodus
Or in SEED for that matter
I didn't mind Hiraiface in HA, I found the characters to be pretty distinct
Man I haven't revisited that show...ever I think
It was inevitable
I still love the second ED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSL__Ks7gsI
I really loved NtF Jeanne
<:KirikaPog:605209108827734017>
Oda Nobuna was ahead of it's time
isekai before it was cool
FGO, Oda Nobuna, Eiyuu Senki, probably a few others I don't personally know
there's quite a few of those yeah
Looking at all the Nobunaga varieties throughout japanese media is fun
KnM was...something
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caLvSUE86dM
And now for some real nostalgia (for me)
Still an absolute banger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12oE1oBJgYs
Plus I just don't like Miyuki that much tbh
my fundamental issue with the spinoff is that Miyuki's perspective really isn't that different from what we see in the main series, so she doesn't add much as the perspective character
Miyuki's friend, the one with brown twintails
It's more that Honoka should have been the protagonist
A spinoff focused on Miyuki is such a fundamentally bad decision
Ultimately I think the vaguer you make genre definitions the less useful they are
One of these days I'll get around to Basquash
GuP is a sports anime though
For me, it needs to have some kind of extra limb
I don't think anyone would disagree with calling 86 mecha
beat me to it
I mean I'd just call it sci-fi
I guess the piloted part is flexible
For me, mecha anime has to involve some kind of piloted vehicle with limbs of some sort
cars are mechanical right?
Initial D is my favorite mecha anime
Is Initial D a mecha anime
I don't like labeling anything with a vehicle as mecha unless we really want to go down the rabbit hole of "are cars mecha"
I wouldn't call GuP mecha either.  Can't say anything about Kotobuki, never watched
mecha and space opera usually go hand in hand anyway
Yamato is 100% something I'd recommend to people who enjoy mecha, but I don't think I'd label it one.  Mecha-adjacent I guess
I mean, Yamato's genre is space opera
Oh yeah, the city itself transformed.  Totally forgot that was a thing
I wouldn't call Yamato mecha
unless I'm forgetting what was used in some of the fights
I don't think so
eh
mecha is more of an aesthetic label that anything else.  Like, there really isn't that much difference between, say, Yamato and SDF Macross, one's just mecha because their fighters happen to occasionally have arms and legs
because they are giant robots <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
to me the mecha label is largely about aesthetics, and the transformers certainly qualify there
Transformers as mecha sure, Vivy as mecha is a way bigger stretch for me, and it wouldn't be a useful label anyway
Again for me my definition of mecha is some kind of (maybe) piloted vehicle with extra limbs
I mean I'd still call it mecha I guess
Utea <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Is Two Car mecha
<:Ver:704169051391524875>
Is Super Cub mecha <:HibikiThink:688429715362414641>
because otherwise we go back into the tank/plane/car rabbit hole yet again
For me the limbs are important for the label
No one's disagreeing
Yeah, and Delta.  I forget if it happened in the original though
but if both sides only had regular planes then no, I wouldn't consider it mecha.  Unless the ship itself transformed, I forget if that happened in SDF, it's been forever
Well with Macross the Regults alone would do it
The one show I'm still not sure whether I'd classify as mecha is Simoun.  It's just aircraft, no extra limbs so probably not...but man are those aircraft non-standard
but yeah, there's an argument that a lot of the isekai scene started out from what was ZnT fanfiction
Zero no Tsukaima
I can absolutely buy the argument from ANN that ZnT was the true modern isekai progenitor
I don't feel like SAO narratively had much significance.  You really don't see much of it's DNA in the modern isekai formula
I think most of SAO's importance was in legitimizing adaptions from WN-first source, kind of like what Haruhi did for LNs
no sarcasm
Nothing wrong with Kirito
Personally I don't consider SAO isekai but <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
Oh boy, the "what is isekai" debate fresh off of "what is mecha"
God I hope Shinju no Nectar gets an adaption some day.  Really fun military isekai from the Qwaser guys (with the same fetish)
Progressive is supposed to fit into existing canon
Kawahara's been filling in the blanks for Aincrad since volume 2, so it's not like this is anything new.  It's not a new canon, it's not intended to replace the main series, it's more of the same
To me reboot implies starting over from scratch, which is definitely not what Progressive is about
but it's just semantics
I don't really consider it a reboot when he's still progressing on the series past Aliicization
yes
episode 2 from the first season was a part of Progressive
and it's not really a reboot, just more filling in the blanks like SAO's always done
Yeah, Progressive's a side thing
I'm looking forward to the next SAO arc, whenever they get around to that.  Gonna be real interesting as an Accel World reader
Ordinal Scale was fun
I mean, a lot of SAO is filling in the blanks/retcons
As far as I'm concerned the heel reveal was this
I mean it's hard to really judge how obvious it would be when the heel reveal was immediately after the train fight
Didn't enjoy the show as much as I wanted to but god tier OP https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvfvI28O-7s
but yeah very weird show
plus some other shit
Meanwhile Divergence Eve spoils a main villain (though it would probably be very obvious, it's like trying to pretend Ver was a good guy) and one major character death.
Yeah there's nothing wrong with a flashforward first episode like FMA:B or whatever.  You just can't give too much away
besides that one golgo clip of course
Also it has some of the ugliest CGI I've ever seen in anime
Also episode 1 is a flashforward to near the end of S1 and gives away like every twist
and by sci-fi I mean hard sci-fi
yeah
Like it has those character designs, but it's actually a sci-fi horror
It's such such a bizarre combination of genres
weirdest show ever
I will force myself to finish this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDRDqTDtYVo
One of these days
old nickname for that show
color wars <:KirikaPog:605209108827734017>
They use the elephant censor in the /ss/ show this season too
Busou Renkin was too good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xPGD0KvC7Y probably still my favorite OP ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vcif419h-o rewatching this, I forgot it had a nice OP.  Also I totally forgot Aoi Yuuki was in this
though I think a lot of people know it from automatic mario
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dxiTuPy9dQ
indeed https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12oE1oBJgYs
good idol anime too <:Ver:704169051391524875>
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> idk I don't see it come up much
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2huiOZKh6GA one of the most underwatched comedies
I did watch some episodes but never finished it
Whenever I've tried I just get distracted before I can get hooked
I've tried getting into the LNs, but god is it just long
JUST BELIEVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
YOU'LL BE FREEEEEEEEEEEE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKYYlzl-4Xs
Kyon Kun Denwa
I thought it was Kun
I remember seeing that get memed to hell and back when it happened on /a/
O MY ||SEVEN QUIRKS||
It's Makina from Macross Delta
Front Innocent episode 2 never <:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
I've tried to get into Clannad three times.  Never got past Fuka arc.  I'm sure it gets better but man did I not care to stick around to find out
god that new artstyle looks so much worse
Hai de arimasu
A shame it never got sequels
God I love that show
Not enough separation makes it real difficult to adapt any kind of main story from XD.  Maybe an adaption of an event would be feasible though
XDU would not work as an adaption though I'd think due to how closesly nearly all side events tie into the main plot
Haven't started on S2 yet, but I liked Record.  Was the original better, sure, but MR was a perfectly fine watch in it's own way
And then there's Durandal, who I actually loved as a villain until the last 8 episodes or so when his character completely goes to shit
Don't really mind the non-standard MC design, got used to it pretty quickly
Accel World's grown on me over the years personally
I remember Symphogear getting zero discussion outside of /a/ until a bit before GX
mecha originals are nearly always DOA unless they're made by Trigger or some other meme studio, for example
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> some content just doesn't get that many watchers
And that musical segment goes on way too long
way too rushed, way too much time spent on putting the band back together, not enough on the creative parts.  Still fun though
Yeah, off topic discussions happen in Discord channels all the time, it's only really a problem when they go on way too long
just my personal take on it though
It's just simplest to put all VNs in the gaming channel I'd imagine.  I agree that a lot of VNs fit this channel better in spirit, but a lot of VNs do have actual gameplay that would fit the gaming channel better, so putting everything in that channel just simplifies things
ImoSae S2 never <:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
Rokujouma Blue Knight movie never <:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
Like, I could not get into Mushi-shi because of how episodic it was, while with Aria there was a clear story and destination that it did reach
With SoL it's not really about pace imo, it's more about whether there's any real progression or does it feel completely episodic
plus I got tired of the general monogatari/shaft style
I think I fell off the Monogatari train somewhere after SS, when it was a bunch of 5 part OVAs that I couldn't find it in me to care about
Aria the Origination is one of the great SoL seasons ever I guess
Yeah it's a pretty thin year
2008's the latest I have
Got a year in mind or do you really want me to spam everything from 1998 - 2008
2011 was great though.  Madoka, Steins Gate, Penguindrum, Tiger & Bunny
Wasn't Nise 2012
If I had to list out the most notable shows from Spring - Summer 2007, it's probably TTGL, Darker than Black, Lovely Complex, Seto no Hanayome, Baccano, SZS, Seirei no Moribito and Lucky Star I guess?  But there's way more than that
I don't want to list out every single anime in that time period that I'd consider relevant, but there's a lot of it.  It's an incredibly deep set of seasons
nothing groundbreaking, but just a fun and complete watch
I loved Heroic Age personally
At least as far as a balance of quantity and quality
The Spring-Summer 2007 time period is arguably one of the greatest 2 cour stretches of anime ever
Mid-2000s I think was around the point they got used to digital from what I remember
Looking at this chart a lot of it is just plain forgotten
I'm just grabbing a random year
exactly
Yeah, pre-digital can look very nice, though there's a lot of self-selection there, people generally don't remember the low budget ugly 20 year old shows
The bigger issue was the true identity of ||Apollonius, and how weird that makes the story of both S1 and EVOL in retrospect.||
More accurately I guess ||Amata was the reincarnation of the S1 MC, who in turn was the reincarnation of a dog||
well
yes
Man everyone memes on the dog thing, but the last twist with Fudo is probably even worse
a classic

It's fine when a great girl loses when the competition is good enough, when you can buy the protagonist's understanding and thought processes
The whole thing falls apart for me because she's so passive and uninteresting
"Oh Zessica you're alive?"
See the thing is, I would have been fine with it if Amata's crush on Mikono had felt more deep than "I met you a few hours earlier," if Mikono was an interesting enough character in her own right.  But...yeah
Fundamentally my problems with EVOL mostly stem from Mikono being an awful lead heroine
There was what, one standout episode I guess (the cosplay one)?
OG Aquarion was incredibly mediocre
I mean, Aquarion EVOL was amazing until it wasn't
I don't know why it's an Aquarion show
pretty forgettable overall but I didn't have to force myself to watch it
Logos was okay

It's actually insane the drop off
2012 was actually a pretty solid year come to think of it
Looking back on it Winter 2012 is a pretty high tier season for me.  Symphogear, the god tier half of Aquarion EVOL, the second half of Chihayafuru and Shana S3, Mouretsu Pirates, the decent half of Rinne no Lagrange, DxD, Nise.  Spring 2012's up there too
I suspect if I had to decide on a year it probably ends up being 2011.  Favorite single season is probably spring 2007 though
CE basically just felt like a bad Star Driver, and tbh Star Driver wasn't that great to begin with
I barely remember anything about it
mostly just episode 2-3 I didn't care for
Yeah, but S2 was still pretty good after the slow start for me
I loved that drama arc in S1
Not sure I'd say it was necessarily by accident, I feel like that general subplot was pretty intentional in how weird it was
Macross Delta <:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
for sure
I mean with EVOL it was more like the entire last third
One of Kawamori's best works imo, just unfortunate that it likely interefered with EVOL
yes
I'm fine with how that ended, besides it feeling maybe a bit too abrupt
Like, 2 cour original airing from Winter-Spring, 1 cour original (at the time) airing in Spring, same studio, director and main writer.  And from everything I've heard EVOL really suffered from Kawamori and Okada's split focus.  Could they really not have staggered things better
I still am so confused on the timing of EVOL and AKB's airings
It's just that given how the romance shook down, being a dull character was a bigger problem than it normally would have been
It's hard for me to disagree with the female ranking in general besides thinking Mikono should have been lower than Sylvie
Operator-kun ranking 4th is amusing too
Feel like that poll is a pretty good microcosm of EVOL.  On the male side, the MC is low but not *that* low, while the cool badass mentor figure is nearly dead last when for much of the show you'd expect him to be quite high.  On the female side, the losing girl is easily the most popular while the female lead ranks behind background characters
7-10 are all just background characters I think
It's hilarious to me where Mikono and Fudo rank.
I know there's some lines about the gymnastics competition dating it, so logically the movie should be set after where the LN's currently at, though it doesn't really matter once you're past the IS Kit arc
same
And not explain ANYTHING between those points
Absolutely brilliant idea.  Let's have a movie that's half recap and half original, but the recap covers volume 1-4 content while the content it past volume 16 at the earliest
I guess Accel World got a movie, but that thing was an absolute abomination
I wonder what the main reason was that Accel World never got more seasons, because S1 sold quite well.  Was it Studio 8 being too busy with Love Live or was it SAO doing even better
Speaking of Shows that really needed more seasons
I think it's fine for a show to get better around that point, but only if before then it was at least okay.  Which for the most part, for me it was
I liked BA
Still better than Comet Lucifer
might rewatch Valvrave one of these days.  It would be an interesting show to revisit
Valvrave and Symphogear G were some of the most enjoyable live watch experiences I've ever had on /a/.  The frequent comparisons I heard during G's airing led me to Macross Frontier, then I just kept watching more mecha, then here I am
For me the 1 2 combo of Valvrave into Symphogear G kicked off a mecha binge that still somewhat persists
you know what I meant <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
All of those shows in 2013 and you didn't even mention Symphogear GX
The unfortunate part about it all is that volume 5 would have been a great standalone movie
Shinju no Nectar adaption never <:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
which makes it kind of borderline
I mentioned that show because it has mecha.  It's just not the focus
Oh yeah, Regalia.  Feel like I'm the only one who watched that.  ID-0 too
yeah, it's a show with mecha not a mecha show, hence why "if you want to count it"
Simoun if you consider it mecha
first ones that come to mind
Cross Ange, Rayearth, Escaflowne, AKB0048 if you want to count it
I love Aoi Yuuki but I needed a break from it at times
I need to finish the show, fell behind around episode 14, but I found the human side to be a good change of pace at times.
As a pirate it's crazy how much CR filesizes have increased without any noticeable improvement.  720 files used to be around 330 MBs, now they're 700+
Like, Subaru constantly going "just like in muh isekai web novels" or whatever was a massive turn off in Re:Zero, and I never ended up getting into it
I think I just don't care for that kind of metahumor/metacommentary
I just don't have the patience to try out everything anymore
Around 15 for me
Meh, it's just something that happens when you''ve watched anime for years.  You just identify shows you probably won't care for way faster.  Yeah sure sometimes you miss out, but most of the time not really
I can definitely understand getting tired of her voice.  Kumo's spider side really started to wear me down, it was just exhausting when it was ust a solo Aoi Yuuki performance.  It's why I didn't mind human side that much, the break was needed
though that was hardly that show's biggest issue
even if it doesn't always work out (RIP Infinite Dendrogram)
It's why I also don't mind adaptions that rush a bit to get to a good stopping point
Endings are hard.  Endings for 1 cour shows that are intended to be a complete story are even harder.  So I tend to give shows that don't perfectly nail the ending some slack.  Adaptions really have it easy, either people don't mind their usual non-endings because people know there's more to the story, or they get enough sequels to where they get to tell their full story with a huge amount of episodes to work with
I don't know whether to blame Love Live or SAO more
I do really like the show, though.  Just a shame about the movie and lack of S2, especially when S1 actually sold very well
Especially when the next volume would work very well as a standalone movie
And not explain ANYTHING that happened in between
Why would you have a 40 minute recap of the anime that adapted 1-4 + 10, and attach an anime original story to it that takes place sometime after volume 16 at the earliest
But like
The actual movie would be fine as fanservice for LN readers if there wasn't a 40 minute recap attached to it
And man I could rant about the Accel World movie for hours
I just love that show to bits
AKB0048 was probably my AotD
A lot of my beef was with everyone leaving Shirou alive for no other reason than cockiness.  Normally something I don't care about that much but I remember it happened so often it just grated on me
I just never enjoyed UBW that much
Was thinking more in terms of twists/spoilers instead of tone.  Personally I don't really mind that kind of mutual spoiling in either direction
I think FSN into Zero works better than the reverse, but Zero is a much better work so getting the best experience with that is the biggest benefit to watching it first
I wonder if Bofuri started the trend of BBS chapters in VRMMO novels.  Literally everyone does it now
I didn't like what I read of the OSO manga
It's also possible OSO was ripping off something else that never got translated but <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
Like Bofuri isn't as blatant about it as VRMMO Ossan but it felt like it took quite a few cues
Only Sense Online
Also the second arc of Bofuri felt like an incredibly blatant rip off of OSO's second arc.  The whole work felt like a bit of one already but that arc especially...
Bofuri lost me somewhere around the "hey she just got a passive, permanent full immunity to an entire damage type in an MMORPG" right into "hey she just got a Mashu knockoff armor set that will never need to be replaced and gets stronger by being destroyed" 1-2 combo.  Pushed way past my levels for suspension of disbelief
Plenty of them aren't complete disasters
yeah but even accounting for that it was a rough read, and not for translation reasons
maybe I'm just salty that it got the good adaption instead of Dendrogram though
The WN when I tried to read it was awful
Bofuri was carried pretty hard by good production values
Nectar's actually pretty good.  Been hoping it gets an adaption for years now
spa pa parapa spa pa pa pa parapa
Cute girls using cute drugs <:KanadeLewd:690470896174891008>
Am I not allowed to be annoyed when filesizes more than double for no noticeable benefit for something I like to archive?
it's not like quality really went up either as far as I can tell
720 CR rips used to be 330 MB now they're 700+
same, but the way file sizes bloated a few years ago has been an issue
arguably nothing about Kira really changed, only his circumstances and strength, but he was way more interesting as an MC in early/mid SEED
Honestly, I really liked Kira until he got the Freedom
Unital Ring's gonna be real fun as a AW LN reader
Progressive movie coming soon, maybe more Progressive or Unital Ring in the future, can't wait.
Funi always had bloated filesizes
probably some encoder settings for whatever reason
The thing is CR used to be good about it, and I don't know when or why it changed
tfw still no Shinju no Nectar adaption <:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
we need more VRMMO stuff, I could do without narou-kei isekai
But is Star Trek an isekai
I only watched the original SG movie though, don't know anything about the series
But the thing is, unless I'm completely forgetting how it all worked Stargates linked to another stargate in the same universe, while Gate linked to a completely different dimension.
I'd still call earlier stuff isekai, I generally prefer to refer to current stuff with a very specific formula modern isekai
(unless I'm completely forgetting how Stargates worked)
Like I think people would be more willing to call Stargate an Isekai than Star Trek, even though arguably they're not that different besides travel time
Isekai definitions get weird sometimes
Netoge is my favorite isekai
Yeah but there's enough material for a season if they wanted to put out one, especially at the pace they've always adapted SAO at
Always happy to see more SAO content regardless, hopefully we don't have to wait too long for Unital Ring or more Progressive
I'm fine with original characters, 90% of Aincrad is content added in to fill the blanks anyway, but changing Asuna's motivation to start SAO initially seems weird
But Escha & Logy got an anime
But what wasn't handled really badly in the last quarter of Destiny
My problem is that I thought Durandal was a fantastic ||villain|| until the last 8 or so episodes, at which point ||instead of consolidating his power and popularity he goes full Palpatine with his superweapons plus a bonus eugenics fetish.||  It was handled really badly
I had issues early too.  Besides Cagalli none of them were that extreme though
A lot of my issues with Destiny are in the last quarter anyway so in my eyes it's not that different
Still better than Aldnoah though
My main beef with Destiny is still the character assassinations of Cagalli and Durandal.  I was fine with the protagonist situation for the most part
Then he gets the Freedom and ehhhh
I like Kira as a protagonist for the first 75%ish of the series
It was actually really funny watching Aldnoah part 2 right after Destiny
The thing with SEED and Destiny is I watched them between Aldnoah part 1 and 2, which gave me something extremely similar to compare them to.  And SEED was consistently the more enjoyable series.  Even including Destiny
SEED's legitimately a fun series to watch but when it's dumb it's *dumb*
Like yes, just ||sudoku our entire government so Cagalli has no one experienced to turn to|| for literally no reason whatsoever
It's even dumber in hindsight with how Destiny goes
It's like...even if Athha had to be on site why did the rest have to be there...
I was rewatching some SEED for the hell of it, and I forgot how infuriatingly dumb this was.
I remember hating it when it aired, kept baiting me with where I thought it wanted to go
I think I would like Tamako Market way more on a rewatch knowing what to expect from it
I only remember liking one episode, the school trip I think
I remember that being pretty good in Chuuni 2 when it happened, with the lion's share of the season being random uninteresting BS, but I haven't revisited it since it first aired
Most blatant was probably Hundred
Because it sold like 35k+ per volume
I know I'm late to the discussion but at least half of the battle academy harems in the 2010s were IS knockoffs
that sounds right
I guess World Break had some meme value but otherwise...

Damnit I know I have this picture saved somewhere
it is
Then there was that one awful season
Antimagic Academy was another one I wanted to be good but ended up being forgettable
Yeah it's something that I should have enjoyed at the time but just never cared about.  Don't remember what my issue with it was
I couldn't get into that one for whatever reason
who?
God Rokujouma S2 or a movie sequel could have been so good
The one battle harem that to me still stings that it never got a continuation was Rokujouma
I really wanted Absolute Duo to be good <:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
oh, that one.  First time I've heard that abbreviation I think
and it's not a quality thing
in general
It's probably just when I started watching seasonal anime that causes the nostalgia.  I don't watch nearly as much as I used to
I'll take the battle academy era any day over the power fantasy isekai era though
But everytime we had an episode 1 duel with a haughty ojou-sama or whatever it was like, here we go again
Most of the ones around or after 2014 I feel had some IS influence.  Hard to quantify, to be fair
So here's a question: Is Shana a battle harem?
Sure you didn't mean this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQylAmKh8cc
yepppp
Through the water and the waves
Truly the greatest idol anime
good shit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDRWVxGJjWA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2huiOZKh6GA
SAO good, yes
The OP with the full lead in might actually be my favorite battle harem OP https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GW0wXMt2CQ
I don't really like you that much but man your OP is god tier
Ah Date a Live
I will never understand the thought process behind the movie
at the movie?
The crazy shoes one is, what, Ao no Kanata?
Accel World is the one with AR and time acceleration by the SAO author
The thing about Arita is that unlike Subaru, even at his worst I don't find myself constantly pausing due to second hand embarassment
jinx
I'm actually a pretty big fan of Accel World, and Haruyuki's commonly hated as an MC
I'm fine with flawed MCs, Subaru's just very hard to watch for me
I'm sure, but I'm not good with second hand embarassment and there's a limit to how much I'm willing to put up with to get to a part where the show feels watchable.  And Subaru went way past that limit
The fundamental problem with this statement is that if you can't stand watching the main character, saying that he's supposed to be that way doesn't really change the core issue for the watcher.  Can't speak towards MT, haven't watched it yet, but I can't get into Re:Zero because of Subaru and it seems like a similar situation
Why try when you can toss them into dragon quest world
yeah but that requires effort
To me most of the point of urban fantasy it's that it's our current day with everything being similar to our current lives, but with the supernatural added in under the surface.  So to me an isekai urban fantasy implies being isekai'd to a world very similar to our own, but at that point what is the isekai element adding?
more sci-fi isekai would be nice
Yeah, but isekai to a similar setting seems kind of pointless.  Medieval or sci-fi setting sure, but what's the point of being an isekai urban fantasy
I miss urban fantasies.  Feel like Battle academies then isekai kind of pushed them out
I really, really love the whole meta narrative between SAO and Accel World that Reki's been doing with the two series
I will say that there is an answer and leave it at that
I'm trying not to say anything
Unital Ring is another story.  That's very clearly a point where Reki started actively trying to bring the two novels together, on both ends
Alicization was written way before Accel World
I mean, sort of not really
The fundamental problem of the movie is that there is zero overlap between the audience that can benefit from a recap and the audience that will understand the actual movie.  Zero
An anime only movie set after volume 16 would have been perfectly fine with me if it was a full movie
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
It doesn't recap anything that happens between the end of the anime and the time period of the movie
The first 40 minutes are a recap of the anime
The problem is that half the movie is a recap
That's not the problem Cypher
It legitimately does not make sense on any level
Meanwhile I slapped a 10 on ImoSae
We all have our weird 10/10s
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> Plenty of people have dropped shows I love because they couldn't get into it, goes both ways
I never made it past Fuka arc
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> hell if I remember
the magic plane show a couple years ago
In most cases episode 3 is a fine time to drop something if you can't get into it.  Horizon is a genuine exception though
Nah Horizon's actually pretty coherent once you get past episode 5.  The first 3 episodes are really hard to follow though yes
Yes they're written by Kawakami
ImoSae is definitely his better work, shame it never will get a sequel
Ah, Haganai
Working?
I wonder how many people even realized whether one of my favorite shows of the decade existed at all (Fafner EXODUS)
I love how the gacha ties into the story
I'm weird but I'm genuinely fine with the XC2 gacha
yep
If I did I'm sure I'd hate it way more
I guess I just don't care about completionism <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
See for me the problem with only rare blades in the gacha is that one of the reasons I'm fine with the gacha is the story/gameplay integration and this wouldn't really do it
I haven't caught up on Yuutosei but I just never felt the point of it existing.  It's not covering different events like Railgun does from Index, Miyuki POV fundamentally isn't that different from Tatsuya POV.  From the parts I watched the most interesting segments were the ones where where it was focused on anyone but Miyuki.  Said it before but it should have been a Honoka (and Shizuku) spinoff
yeah
I might actually watch the Kaifuku author one, even though it should be nothing like it
Quite a few mecha next season, hopefully somet of them aren't terrible
Yeah that's always awkward.  SAO had similar issues with it's first volume
we'll see what pops up
Besides the mecha I'm not sure what I'll actually watch.  YuYuYu, the assassin isekai, maybe World End Harem will be a nice fanservice filler show, always nice to have one of those, and uh...I'm not sure what else
And I'm finally catching up on YuYuYu.  I watched S1 as it was airing, watched Washio Sumi, then just never watched the sequel half for whatever reason
So many mecha originals <:SerenaSmile:672908572774105109>
Honestly I could probably demote ID Invaded but I absolutely loved it when it was airing and it help up pretty well on a rewatch I felt, so whatever
Damned if you do a non-ending, damned if you actually try to resolve your plot threads.  Adaptions are usually fine since a lot of the ones that get endings get a lot of episodes to work with over time anyway
And then when originals give a proper ending half the time people complain anyway, you can't win <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> endings are hard
Because most shows are adaptions and few adaptions get enough sequels to reach their endings.  Unless they do their own thing, at which point everyone complains
Hasn't Kaguya been wrapping up it's plot lines for a while now?  As a non-reader I was under the impression it was already in it's final arc anyway
Carly, the secretary and that one waitress I think
God that entire team Unicorn duel was a disaster
no wait twice
once
It was an amusing combo to me personally.  Everyone knew them as the fanservice studio but they also did a ton of mecha on the side
Mecha and fanservice series, though almost never mixed together <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
Xebec too but they're part of Sunrise now
Sunrise and Satelight are the mecha studios
LETS ENJOY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaLH5HtLoXs but yeah this transformation was just as bizarre in context
ugh the only youtube clip I can find for the Rebecca transformation is 60 fps
And if you really want *bizarre* there's that one transformation from Dog Days S2
And then there's Nanoha
I don't think anything from the last volume of New Game's been translated.  Everything else has though
I mean I like Madoka, I just don't like everything being compared to it when that sort of mahou shoujo has been around for ages.  I get it though
Nanoha clone*
Red Garden clone*
Madoka?  You mean that Mai-HiME clone?
Good old tortilla chips
you kind of have to do SOMETHING if you're going straight into Alternative (I haven't seen the episode yet)
I mean
Assassin isekai was fun.  Had a good feeling about it going into it, we'll see if it can keep it up
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
Why be optimistic if you can be pessimistic instead
So, SDF Macross?
I found Total Eclipse to be fine and couldn't really get into Schwarzesmarken
I see they released episodes 4-6 with a reasonable filesize but everything else is 2.5 GB per episode <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
That's the one yeah
3 episodes at a time in theaters I believe
Yeah they're handling Beyond like the Yamato reboot
Haven't watched Beyond yet
Exodus is great, definitely worth a watch
That Frontier episode was hilarious
Lot of shows regardless of genre can get ignored but unhyped mecha is on another level with how few people even realize they even aired
the west has a huge blindspot for mecha.  It feels really binary, either it gets super hyped up because of studio, director, LN/manga fans, etc...or it gets completely ignored
Didn't watch Ryvius
But OG Fafner, Heroic Age, SEED, MJP (what I watched of it), Scry-ed, no issues
Fafner generally goes for realistic hair colors/styles, so some of the younger characters can become a bit same-y, especially if you take a break from the series and forget who some people are
Honestly the only Hirai show where I've had issues telling characters apart was Fafner, and only in EXODUS
because most mechas are originals and that means you actually need to write endings and endings are hard
great OP though
the Kamogawa shilling was a huge part of why it was bad though (to me)
Still need to finish Stellvia for that matter
CGDCT mecha is fine when it isn't shilling for tourism.  Rinne no Lagrange was absolutely maddening to watch because of that
what would even be the point
There's no way they'd do a MLA adaption with only 1 cour to work with
I wonder whether they'll rush the story or hope for a sequel if they have an insufficient episode count to work with
yeah
As someone who's only watched tortilla chips and never read any of the VNs (but have a general idea of what's going on with them), I though it was a perfectly fine way to start it.  I have no idea what episode count they're writing for though
that's the vibe I get looking at stuff like reddit comments anyway
With mecha it feels like a lot of people go in with preconceived notions and are just looking for any excuse to drop it
Lots of unhyped shows in other genres are just as bad if not worse and get way more traction/attention
Hell if I remember, I watched a couple episodes as it aired then didn't continue <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
I still haven't finished S4, kind of stopped caring around episode 10
I didn't mind the answers AoT gave for the most part, I just think the post-||Marley|| arc was boring and the final arc was *really* bad
God I can't wait for Progressive/Unital Ring
but it's a COMPLETELY different show
<:MikuShrug:689743224855724095> honestly I like SAO
Yeah how dare I have issues with thing
For me it's the distinction between "we didn't think about this" (happens in like every JP VRMMO novel) and "why would you even deliberately put this in your game" I guess.  idk Bofuri just always rubbed me wrong
Also about not giving too much too fast imo
Yeah but I like VRMMO fiction and we don't get much of it in anime, so it's disappointing to me
Then again I guess nearly all VRMMO fiction does some BS stuff.  Just a matter of keeping it within the realm of reason
seriously that anime got carried so hard by production values
A VRMMO giving a player a way to get full permanent immunity to a damage type as a passive very early in just takes me out of it
Yeah it's why I never could get much into Bofuri (not isekai but same principle)
And ever since then he's been filling in the blanks
Volume 1 of SAO is episode 1, then all the floor 74/75 stuff minus Yui
Late 2002 or 2003, something like that
I mean his mistake goes back entirely to writing volume 1 as a one shot, I doubt he'd do that with a more planned series
I doubt he'd retire after finishing SAO/AW but I bet he could if he felt like it
I wonder if he's set for life already
Both series still have a way to go too
There's still Progressive, he's still writing Isolator on the side I'm pretty sure
that sort of metanarrative I guess
It's pretty neat actually
Yeah there was pretty clearly a point when Kawahara figured out how he wanted to connect the two, and started actively working towards that in both series
(and Accel World but that'll never happen so this is as close as it'll get)
Like I said, really looking forward to more SAO
Got deleted by the admin I think?  I don't remember exactly
AIDS
Fatal Bullet
Well yeah, that's everyone's favorite pastime
Not as blatant a knockoff as VRMMO Ossan but still
Speaking of Bofuri, that's another part about it that always bothered me.  It comes off to me as a OSO knockoff
It would just get written off as a Bofuri knockoff, even though it's completely the opposite
I've LONG since given up hope for that
imagine
Kirara Fantasia adaption
Slave Harem adaption should be soon, yeah?
Parallel Paradise would be hilarious to see adapted though
The isekai I'm really hoping for is Nectar, but I'm losing hope
I could see space mercenary or otome mob getting adaptions though
Because the current fad is isekai and the sci-fi isekai haven't gotten adaptions yet
Log Horizon is ||isekai||
Might as well be though
I know
I still haven't watched LH S3 come to think of it
I mean they were the only VRMMO anime since .hack, it's a relatively fair comparison
I mean there's always the nuclear option for series that haven't been updated in forever.  Syosetu and right click -> translate
y'all talking about this? https://www.novelupdates.com/series/not-sure-but-it-looks-like-i-got-reincarnated-in-another-world/
The two have a lot of differences, OSO has a lot of crafting and solo play while Bofuri focuses more on PvP.  But there's a lot of really similar characters and arcs.  The second arc of both of them are near-identical
eh not really, no real romance
And so everyone thinks he's tsundere for his best friend (who's basically just male Sally)
Sure, except actually a female avatar
The MC of OSO is a fairly effeminate guy.  OSO is supposed to lock you to your actual gender, but it misreads the MC as a woman, so everyone in game besides people who know him IRL think he's female
Or Yun in general
And I know a lot of people didn't care for the genderbending
More for Aya
https://krytykal.org/dropped/only-sense/
Only Sense Online
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acg9h9YHy6g GOD tier OP
at least it got a movie I guess
Hell yeah
I did like the show when it wasn't getting weird about Sagiri.  I'm not adverse to that kind of thing in fiction, I just think that relationship was more interesting when it wasn't romantic
imo
Honestly, EroManga is worse ImoSae more than anything
Then again I've never been able to get into an idol anime that didn't also have mecha so what would I know about what makes an idol anime compelling
I mean "it's your bog standard male idol anime BUT THEY'RE VAMPIRES WHOAH" sounds like a boring as hell premise to begin with
Higher highs and even lower lows
EVOL was the better sex-themed mecha with trainwreck second halves
Writing issues sure, but unless those same writers are involved with a show it does not matter
DitF had no real production issues
Wait so production-wise what did CloverWorks screw up besides WEP?  I know people hated Neverland 2 but I was under the impression that was mostly for writing reasons, which isn't really relevant unless the core staff is involved
yawn
Oh it's just a regular fanservice OVA
wait for what show, Kaguya?
which ova?
I just could not get into Kaguya.  Nice OP and all but 12 episodes was more than enough for me
I never got around to s2 and have no desire to do so
Regalia had great production values but had to get delayed for a full season after episode 4, I still have no idea what happened there
Twintails and Qualidea Code were QUALITY messes
That one episode of Wizard Barristers was...something else
There's plenty of shows with trainwreck production, it's not that rare
And then there's Infinite Dendrogram which had to choose between a 2 volume "nothing happens" adaption and a 5 volume "we have to rush to gloss over a lot of worldbuilding and stuff" adaption.  Nothing in-between was viable.  I think they did the right decision but bad animation did it in
God early FMA:B is AWFUL
because it's just rehashing 2003 with way too much bad chibi comedy
FMA Brotherhood too Millhi.  Like it's a really good show but the first 10 or so episodes are...not
to get the big reveal
Nah I think Tokyo Ravens made the correct decision
And sometimes there's a critical part of the story where the story feels pointless if it doesn't reach it.  Mentioned them a minute ago but Tokyo Ravens was rushed a bit to get there.  And Kanojo ga Flag skipped like a volume and a half in the middle of an episode to get to the WTF part
exactly
Nah the problem with Horimiya was that in the second half, it was almost entirely focused on side characters, and since they didn't get much focus it felt weird
Infinite Dendrogram, Kanojo ga Flag, Tokyo Ravens, etc
The trickiest thing is when adaptions rush to get to a actually good ending point.  Sometimes it works out, sometimes it doesn't, but I feel like it's usually the call you have to make when it's a show that's unlikely to get a sequel
Way easier to introduce a bunch of drama and plot points than to satisfactorily resolve it all
Endings are hard, but most shows get away with non-endings because they're adaptions and people expect that out of them
But since it's by Trigger it become one of the rare mecha the western audience actually watched
If DitF was produced by Satelight few people would bother watching by episode 3
yep
but who really cares tbh
which makes perfect sense, just makes it a bit awkward to do 1 -> 5 -> 2-4 -> 6+
same with Unital Ring
Reki's already said they're skipping ahead because they don't want to adapt the other volumes until the Elf War arc is complete, and so they did floor 5
But what's the plan for the Kizmel floors?  I'd imagine those work better in TV format but then why not do 3-4 first, then a 5 movie, then continue?
And floor 5 doesn't involve Kizmel, so it's fine to do out of order
Totally get skipping floor 2, not much happens there
More SAO is great, though expected.  Skipping to floor 5 is...certainly a choice.  Not sure what the endgame is there.
I've rewatched the Frontier movies way more than the series
Macross has often done a really good job with making their movies worth watching even if you've seen the series
I still need to watch the Delta movie
When I first started seasonal shows I'd watch like 30+ shows per season AND finish most of them.  Now I try the first episode of 10 shows at most
What happens now is that I try way less shows than I used to
See for me I usually don't drop shows because I don't like it, I drop it because I fall behind and can't be assed to catch up
but there's nothing stopping you from rating them
I think dropped ratings get less weighting if you don't watch a certain percent of episodes
Yeah nowadays it's rare for me to finish shows I'd rate lower than 4
that's about it
I remember bread shotgun
I probably should have more 2s.  Like why did I rate Comet Lucifer as high as 3/10?
They're basically the monsters of the week
No I know what he's referring to
tbh I forget who half the characters were it's been forever
yes
That like half of S2 was anime original?
The first half of Shana S2 literally took me months to get through with how uninteresting it was
I have S1 at 7, S3 at 8
I love Shana S3, S1 was fine, S2 was atrocious
that's my lowest
Yeah S1 is a lot of fun, basically Fire Emblem: the anime but with (more) furries
It felt like forever since S3 was announced, had started to wonder what happened to it
New Underwater Ray Romano news? <:KirikaPog:605209108827734017>
idk how far the manga's gotten
I haven't read it in a while, but I remember there being a fair amount of it
surprised we didn't see any mecha in the PV
that key visual is yikes though.  At least the PV looks a bit better
I was wondering when Otome Mob would get an adaption, felt like a lock to me for a while
Entame, now that's some Arc-V PTSD right there (the word not the group)
I don't remember what about it was tied to the Elf War, but then again I don't remember much about it anyway besides the scam subplot.  Just wasn't that interesting
but I don't feel like a floor 2 movie would be interesting anyway
It's going to be awkward because they're doing floor 5 next.  Fully get the reasoning behind it but still a bit weird
Also the Progressive movie adding an anime original character is completely on-brand for SAO and I don't really mind the idea if it's executed well enough.  So much of Aincrad is inserting new characters/stories into time frames that were never explored
I actually enjoyed getting to see certain characters/powerups in action, that was fun.  Would have been better if they had another 40 minutes to spend on it
V5 movie would have been fine.  Anime original movie would have also been fine.  Just don't spend almost half of it on a recap
The only way to make any sense of the movie is the idea that they wanted to make a movie but not actually animate a full movie
So there is zero overlap between the audience that would need a recap and the audience that would follow the original story without being confused about anything
That recap explains *nothing* about what happens between S1 and the movie
The first 40 minutes are a recap of S1
The original story wants you to have seen S3 in a series with only 1 season, but that's not the entire movie
Here's the key thing to note about the movie, the actual reason why it's an abomination
It's *set* around then but if you've read through I think volume 17 you wouldn't be lost with anything
Well it's not exactly vol 22
tbh if someone was asking specifically for ecchi shows I'm not sure any of those would be my first thought
Also when I went to check Rayearth it was dub only
It's not like there's nothing, but it's a very thin selection
Amazon Prime's selection is awful
Personally I remember liking Baccano more but it's been forever
Baccano's also shorter, I feel like I'd recommend Baccano with a "if you liked that you might like this" addendum for Durarara
Yamato 2199 is probably my favorite generic rec
I remember being disappointed in it and SENMETSU memes, that's about it
She's always been more cool than hot to me
iie senpai
I read a bunch of VRMMO fiction, it's fun seeing their differences.  Japanese, Chinese, Korean VRMMO stories are usually really distinct from each other
MC stumbles into some OP bullshit just playing their way, yadda yadda
I mean a lot of JP VRMMO fiction goes like that, so I'm used to it
also what's the other gender bender show next season?
Maybe that Koroshi Ai show won't suck idk
but the anime was okay
it was the content itself, not the translations that turned me off of Bofuri
I mean I've read plenty of WN translations, some are fine
Show got carried hard by production values, the WN when I tried it was awful
I'm still disappointed Bofuri was the one that got an adaption instead of OSO
never enough gender bender shows
Personally I'm getting those vibes from Mob Otome, nervous for that one.  But that's still a ways off
Well hopefully it doesn't get the Dendro treatment
pickings looking real slim
Arifureta S2, Kenja no Deshi, maybe that Leadale thing though I feel like that's going to be terrible.  Maybe the golf show
For me it's basically just the Mahouka special and a few trashy isekai, though we'll see if something comes out of nowhere
so much original mecha this season and it's all meh
though I still need to catch up on YuYuYu
Isekai Assassin, Muv Luv...and I think that's it
I barely watched anything this season
Feel like that's the only thing people remember from VS.  I remember thinking the show in general was pretty solid at the time, but I barely remember anything else about it now
That scene, huh
I wish there were less repetitive threesome scenes, but it's rare to have ecchi shows that go that far to begin with.  Too many fanservice shows play it way too safe, and end up failing on both the fanservice and the "everything else" end
||tbh I enjoyed redo too||
Either way the assassin isekai has been mostly solid
See I wonder how much of the latter part was accurate, and how much of it was shilling an upcoming anime
Twelve Kingdoms
Heard y'all spreading lies about who the true best isekai protagonist is
I never actually watched the TV series tbh <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
you see what I'm getting at though
But if there were Trek episodes/movies (and I'm sure there were) where they were stranded on an alien planet, would that be isekai
Like I'd imagine more people consider Stargate isekai than Star Trek, but from what I remember, the stargates were merely a transportation mechanism.  The difference compared to Trek is really just travel time
Star Trek vs Stargate, etc
but the definition of isekai is already kinda whack
but the definition of isekai gets muddy there since it technically isn't another world
Personally I 100% consider time travel to be isekai is the time difference is large enough
that's like the quintessential isekai
We forgetting about Alice in Wonderland?
Um
except Amata's reasons to be fixated on his love interest feel infinitely more flimsy
For me it's really similar to the second half of Nagi no Asukara
I think it would have been fine if Mikono herself was an interesting and likeable character
Mikono's shittiness is all on him though
One of the biggest reasons EVOL probably got worse was that both Kawamori and Okada were also busy working on AKB0048
Loses
honestly I think the show would have been fine if Mikono wasn't one of (if not THE) worst female leads I've seen in anime.  Pic related, though it's a bit spoiler-y
higher highs and even lower lows
People complain about Franxx but that quality cliff and bad plot twists had nothing on EVOL
I still recommend EVOL to anyone that enjoys mecha because the first 2/3 of it really is that good, just know that the rest of it is...yeah
As an allegedly Aquarion show, it was awful
Logos was okay, it just shouldn't have been an Aquarion series
Story-wise, the Appolonius twist was...bad.  Like it basically ruins the plot of the original series for the sake of having a twist
Everyone memes about THAT twist but it wasn't even the most offensively bad one
Like, 10/10 super-fun series VERY quickly turns into 1-2/10 "what the actual hell am I watching" with some of the absolute dumbest twists I've ever seen in anime
Yeah, if you haven't seen EVOL it's really hard to understate how harsh the quality drop was
Like it's hard for me to be upset at 0048 because it was legitimately my AotD of the 2010s, but I wish the timing of that and EVOL wasn't so...unfortunate
I'm mostly salty over the second half (last third is probably more accurate tbh) of EVOL
Basquatch is one of the few shows of his I haven't seen, it's been on my to do list for forever
No idea
Then again he mostly does originals, maybe with Muv Luv he'd do fine
The second half though...
I mean if Kawamori was in charge at least the first half would be great
Mondaijitachi > NGNL
I can dig it
SoL spinoff huh
should be announced in a few days I believe
Oh hell yeah, Otonari Tenshi-sama anime basically confirmed
And it's not like it was an Accel World level abomination
I don't think it really matters besides Lina showing up for a scene, but I watched it once years ago, could be forgetting something
Oh that.  Yeah that's a common thing with anime movies
Mahouka's not really out of order.  I guess the special today was written between S1 and S2, but that volume was a flashback anyway so it doesn't really matter
To be clear about it, they're neighbors
Same studio yeah
Basically just *extremely* vanilla romance with minimal drama
Otonari no Tenshi-sama
Mahiru's VA sounds nothing like what I expected, but still, nice to this officially confirmed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUq59ARXtdg
I mean I'll give it a go regardless, wouldn't be the first QUALITY fest show I've enjoyed
didn't care enough to watch the trailer since I knew I'd be checking it out regardless
https://boards.4channel.org/a/thread/232685632
early time limited release seems like
Sounds like Kenja no Deshi got the QUALITY treatment <:MikuSad:336657015961026560> one of the few shows I was actually semi-looking forward to
most of the overly long names originated as web novels.  Probably just started as a way to get attention among a bunch of similar stories, then everyone just started doing but
but it's not like I've actually ever browsed syosetu
Yeah, StrikerS was definitely past the early digital ugliness era
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
I haven't even watched a single episode of anything this season yet
Waking up on saturdays to watch Pokemon/YuGiOh
I honestly watch almost no anime movies that aren't attached to a TV series
I'm sure it is.  Still doesn't really change anything though, I just have zero desire to go back to it
Really enjoyed it while it was airing, haven't really given it any thought or had any urge to rewatch any of it since then though
it's unironically my AotD for the 2010s
I was about to say 0048 but you already mentioned that
Right, but people also act like Horikita is just some side character in the LNs, when she's still the closest thing the series has to a FMC.  She's just not a love interest.  Like yeah, giving her Ichinose's role at the end of volume 2 was pointless and unnecessary.  It just doesn't actually matter from a sequel perspective
And if it's 2 cour it's adapting the rest of year 1, and you still don't have time for it
The pool episode?  Who the hell cares, if this is 1 cour you're adapting 4 volumes plus 7.5 content, you wouldn't have time for it anyway
The actual problem is the class size, and that rarely gets brought up
People grossly overexaggerate how much was changed from the CotE LNs and how much of it actually matters.
"The first season's directors Seiji Kishi and Hiroyuki Hashimoto are returning as chief directors, with Yoshihito Nishōji as the credited director at Lerche" is what I'm seeing
Wonder if they'll retcon the class size or just work around it
I don't think he'll be an issue this time, but I was wondering if he'd get replaced
Same director huh
ended up switch to smplayer over MPC-HC
Finally made anime watchable again after getting a new (1440) monitor.  Was running into massive issues with panning shots
Plus the fact that the male MC's sister (though really the Female MC's sister because of the premise) is one of the potential love interests pissed quite a few people off.  Personally I don't care one way or the other
I've kind of stopped actively reading because it feels like it's been going in circles, but it's only 1 cour anyway so we'll see
ymmv
I've read the manga
Two kids accidentally got switched at birth, their parents try to hook them up with each other, romcom stuff ensues
In my prime I probably could have watched 15+ shows next season easy.  Nowadays it's rare that I finish more than 1
God Spring looks busy.  Will probably only end up keeping up with maybe 3 shows max though
that Heroine thing
ya boy kongming, though I'm not sure if that's really an idol thing per se
It's more like a lot of shows seem to have some random idol element imo
I might binge Machikado S1 to see what's up with that.  Realistically I'll probably download it then never bother watching
I hated the narrarator
With Kaguya, I thought S1 was fine but was kind of checked out by the end, and never bothered with S2
I get liking s2 less than s1 but I don't think s2 is a bad watch at all.  Just less unique
I enjoyed 00 s2 because it was just fun to watch <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>  sue me
I feel like my opinion of Destiny is mostly improved by the fact I watched it while Aldnoah S2 was airing, which felt really similar.  And Destiny was consistently the more enjoyable watch
For all it's faults I still think Destiny was a mostly enjoyable watch, even if the last quarter was embarassingly bad
And I guess reds have Meyrin even if the way the show handled her was...bizarre
I mean, pinks have Lacus
Still have 4 more episodes to go but I'm definitely happy I finally checked out Machikado.  +1 to the list I guess
One of those shows that seems to get better everytime I rewatch it
Just going to second any recommendation of Mouretsu Pirates.  May or may not be exactly what one's looking for when it's about Pirates, but it's really damn good with the space part I feel
God that was the simplest running gag but it unironically was probably my favorite part of the entire show
The time will come soon once more
Finished up Machikado finally.  Good shit
And to me a main reason the show starts being awful in general is because of her

TV Ranka can be annoying, but yeah, could be worse.  Much worse
I'm fine with the main cast, honestly.  At the very least Sheryl is one of my favorite female leads ever and I don't Alto actively ruins things like I've seen...certain mecha leads do before
God, that's still the failure that stings the most
Honestly I don't think ID was unsalvageable, but the production values sunk it hard.  Hopefully Mob Otome can keep things together
I'm trying to be optimistic about Mob Otome, but it's probably just going to end up being Infinite Dendrogram 2.0
Anyway, I can't compare to the Geass movies, but in terms of "are these worth watching if I've already seen the TV series" it's an unambiguous yes
having her be acquainted with Alto from the beginning is a minor change, but it made her character work so much better for me
I really loved movie Ranka compared to TV Ranka
Both are 100% worth a watch if you liked the TV show
Same basic story with a *lot* of changes.  First movie is a mix of old and new intertwined, second movie is completely new
They're more like remakes/retellings
Neither
People love to meme about how bad Franxx's ending was but EVOL's quality drop was even more extreme
damn you Kawamori
Yeah, it's a legit 10/10 for almost 2/3 of the show then quickly drops to a 1-2
and so it works
I think the best comparison for me is Nagi no Asukara honestly, but that one does a far better job of making the audience understand Hikari's feelings and preferences
and that's why I feel it falls apart
To me the love triangle would work if we as viewers could sympathize with Amata's feelings for Mikono even if we preferred Zessica, but she's so thoroughly unlikable and bland it's really difficult to
I don't mind Silvia
See to me, the main reason everything goes to shit so hard is because of how boring and indecisive Mikono is, which makes the entire thing completely infuriating because from our perspective the entire thing feels defined by "I meant her first"
But, for obvious reasons, I have no idea how it is on the other side
because they are definitely a thing for male-targeted eroge
I'm talking more about otome games with actual gameplay
Also, are there even any otome games with that sort of detail/setting/gameplay?  I'm kind of just imagining a gender flipped Eushully game but I have no idea what goes on with female-targetted eroge
Honestly Mob Otome's first episode was actually passable but I'll never agree with the design choice on the eyes.
Boku no Pico
Like, we get it, you don't like the series and you hope no one else will either
They're not even entirely wrong, the manga's been going in circles for forever, but my god are they obnoxious about it
God I can't wait to see manga readers seethe
I always associate Accel World with ALTIMA
Oh huh, May'n did do an Accel World OP
instant PTSD I swear
>Otanoshimi wa kore kara da
TOKI WA KITA
damn you netflix
Ugh they really did dump all (well half I guess) of T&B S2 at once
mpc-hc
I'm really curious if people would have picked up on...THAT.  But instead it got single digit threads
And it's not like they're the greatest shows ever but Lost Song in particular would have been a very fun show to watch weekly if it had regular subs
But shows like ID-0 or Lost Song went completely unnoticed
Unless it's from a popular studio/creator, then it's whatever
People don't even realize the show exists
Completely murders any potential for discussion
The absolute worst is when it's weekly in Japan and Netflix dumps it all at once way after the series finishes
Kaguya's out?  How was I supposed to know, if only there were 10 or so front page posts on reddit every day for the last week
Ugh why does the only Tiger & Bunny rip need to be so big.  Want to watch it, don't feeling like downloading almost 20 gigs
Fanbases get annoying when it feels like they're everywhere
No, that's more or less what I mean
No, and I'm not sure how you got that out of what I said
But in general, I do think it makes a series worse when people hype it to hell and back when you merely find it to be okay
Generally, if I find a fanbase annoying it's because you can't seem to escape them
OPM too I guess
but a lot of that is influenced by how annoying I find that fanbase I think
But there's stuff like Jojo I guess where my opinion of the franchise continues to drop as I try more parts
I feel like most shows I revisit my opinion either doesn't change or it improves
This ED though...
3 episodes in T&B S2 is pretty solid
nothing wrong with being a movie that's targeted more towards novel readers, but there is no target audience for Infinite Burst
I mean the recap is the main reason it's so bad
So it's only really worth it to see some things and characters animated for novel readers
there's zero overlap between the audience that would need a recap and the audience that would understand the rest of the movie
It's completely baffling
Half of it is a recap of the anime (covered 1-4 + 10), half of it is set tens of volumes past what the anime covered and explains absolutely nothing about whatever happened between then or who new characters are
Well, yeah, it's not
The rest of it is fine to see some things/characters animated
Just...skip the first 40 minutes
even if it technically takes place later
Real talk though, movie's fine to watch around volume 16 or whatever the last volume of the IS Kit arc is
Oh is it that monthly "let's complain about the AW movie" time?
I'll probably give Shikimori an episode or two, but I'd be shocked if the sentai one has any legs to it past episode 3 or so.
I haven't watched Shikimori or the Sentai romance one yet, but both of them give me "concepts good for 1-2 episodes stretched out into 12" vibes, if you know what I mean
Dendrogram 2.0, it's feeling like
Why did it have to be ENGI
Ugh
Look up any epub reader app, should get the job done
most of them are easily found on nyaa, though I think it's missing the most recent one or two volumes
I barely remember anything from Strike tbh besides THAT.  Remember enjoying it a fair amount at the time though
I do wish some of these shows/manga would be more unambiguous with the yuri...but then again, watching T&B S2 I really do appreciate that they don't go overboard (so far) with Koutetsu/Barnaby despite that fanbase probably being a major part of why the series was so successful.  Not sure if that's really equivalent though
T&B S2 first half done.  Overall pretty fun, maybe was episodic for a bit too long.  The brothers were fun antagonists.  Batch release might have been a good thing here, to power through the buddy episodes.  Those might have gotten annoying with weekly releases.
what exactly are you looking for
A worse version of Gundam SEED
She would be more palatable if it wasn't a love triangle I guess
Mikono is offensively bland, I guess
Insanely fun watch, until it isn't
with some of the dumbest twists ever
Basically, it's a legitimately 10/10 series that abruptly spirals into a 1/10 around the halfway or 2/3 point (depending on who you ask) with arguably the worst love triangle and main love interest of all time
Aquarion EVOL
Is it time to shittalk EVOL again?
Flay's a fun character
(scrolling up) I guess if you don't want romance drama I'd maybe avoid SEED.  I actually like SEED's romance drama though tbh
Slenderjii
I knew it
should have watched a le wholesome show like Agent Aika I guess
But I don't remember if that was an in show thing or whether I'm just misremembering things altogether
It's been years since I've thought about Strike Witches but I vaguely remember it being a "support the troops" sort of thing where people looked up to the Witches and did it as a solidarity thing or whatever
The livewatch thread for that episode hit like 2.6k posts or something, good times
I swear you have one rape scene and that's all people remember from your show <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
With the MC ||fueling Kisara by burning his old memories||
Probably not what you're thinking
Engage Kiss going full ||Valvrave||, I see.
well that's what nyaa is for
yikes
It's actually ridiculous how out of place it is
MAXIMUM horny despite it not being that kind of story *at all*
AW novel illustrations are hilarious
