Goodness knows my patience probably loses out and I just watch the raws while waiting for the subs.
But yeah a week wouldn't surprise me. Looking back it does seem like Commie got AXZ episodes out in 2-3 days. But that was a couple years ago.
I do like that even if they drop a lot on the official site, the preview video doesn't give much away.
Get to enjoy some flashy bits of action, but all of it should just come from the first episode. And even then, you don't see what they are dealing with.
Haha of course the seconds after I watch the RAW the subs do make it out.
Well...time to watch it again!
Eh, really? The first episode seemed perfectly solid. What we got here is what you get with Symphogear.
If you want a better written story, you are in the wrong franchise. Nothing is going to change in this season or a spinoff.
That teacher has some smooth moves.
I'm not even sure G was doing this well after two episodes. This was a holy smokes episode going back to parts of S1.
Holy...what the...that was....words escaping me right now.
I do love the Hibiki, Miku, and Chris stuff. Definitely a reminder back to S1 and how important those two were in getting Chris on the right path.
Also...is Ogawa ok after all this? I know he's a ninja but this was kind of nuts.
Kirika is just expressing her personality. I choose not to judge her for it .
Apparently they got complacent since the concert itself wasn't attacked in GX and it's been smooth sailing outside of even that.
They are ready for their pro Beyblade careers after this season.
In terms of the first half I did like the growth of Shirabe and Kirika.
They can adapt to their situation, hold their own when apart, and then unleash beyblades when together!
Just left me with a smile seeing Kirika adapt and Shirabe counter attack without immediately needing help.
It wouldn't have unfolded the same way. But it probably would have still been a massacre.
Heck if all the gear users were there the alchemists probably don't attack and just wait for a better opportunity.
On the transformations I mostly expect them to build off what we saw from AXZ.
Shirabe will be all yo-yo tricks and all that they can do with that concept. Tsubasa may be really cold and serious business. Chris will unleash a stupid amount of arrows/bullets.
Maria will be all about that chain sword and probably and probably mixing fanservice into that. Not as serious as Tsubasa and Hibiki, but less lewd than Kirika.
Kind of ironic that Kirika has the Sever Stab Dracula move, but she's set to be against the wolf girl.
Definitely going to enjoy seeing Maria and Tsubasa crush that vampire later.
I feel for the people running that show. They had 3 days to rework all the crazy effects and stage work to add in Maria.
And then it all turns into a disaster...
What devious foes. Throwing a BBQ party and not inviting everyone!
Red Hot Blaze gets a moment to shine!
Same. I was like "ok how is she not going to be allowed to shoot this time?"
They have done a lot in 3 episodes. I'm still amazed.
At least Chris made it safely past her birthday.
That's fair. This season has been pretty heavy and dark. I worry for what Miku will have to go through here.
Exactly. Have Tsubasa purge Millaarc from the world of the living and join him in the dark side.
I guess that's why he wants divine power which doesn't seem to require singing to use.
I shouldn't have been surprised by this. 
Considering his past actions it's not beyond belief that he'd kill 70,000 people just to further his plans and try to turn Tsubasa into his tool.
They kind of noted that last season, that he didn't much care for the people as much as the country. Which is totally bizarre since people make a country's population.
I guess for him country is more important than sacrificing some people. Plus they liked music, probably not worth saving in his mind.
I'm now really hoping for a full blown Kazanari family showdown.
And by that I did mean Fudo. Although him punching Hibiki's dad would be fun too.
Oh Genjuro is totally taking that tool down.
I was probably a bit too happy about confirming that things aren't smoothly working out for Hibiki's parents.
It was like "good, it shouldn't be that easy after what happened."
Two transformations in the same episode. Chris was having fun with her revolvers.
Let us not forget though. Kirika saw through the alchemists plot for a secret bbq party and the hospital move.
I'm proud of those two. These past two episodes they've been putting in good work.
Poor Dess. She did her best but they were just outmaneuvered.
I thought her sniping the team attack was going to be it. I never imagined Chris would get to shoot her rifle. That was beautiful.
We shouldn't forget Shirabe either though. She totally called the blood packets as ketchup and did have a great transformation sequence.
That would make sense. The BD is going to be worth seeing presuming they add in any missing portions for Kirika and Chris.
It will be "for the nation" but a nation he rules with power that he controls.
I'm 100% not ready for whatever this season is going to throw at me. But I'm ok with that.
This episode does leave me curious about how the relationship between the two villainous factions (alchemists and Fudou) will shape out.
Is he simply making use of their weakness and need for blood to use them as pawns. Or is there some mutual manipulation where the alchemists have their own winning play?
The transformations were all fine thus far. They all fit with the kind of individuals they were focusing on.
I wouldn't mind if they were extremely open about relationships in this show.
But at the same time for me, they've done enough to be really blatant about HibikixMiku and KirikaxShirabe.
Hibiki is already compromising by being able to make tornadoes. Beyond that it is punching and kicking for the win.
Not a bad episode. Not one of the stronger of the season thus far, but solid.
Kind of an iffy move there essentially trapping the main cast inside barrier fields so Hibiki could fight all the alchemists by herself for some reason.
It was nice to see her again and the duet definitely worked.
Also, I'm really feeling like Fudo is going to create a situation for Tsubasa to kill Millaarc without use of her Symphogear...
It's all good so long as they don't make a habit of it. This is a group of 6 fighting, not just Hibiki.
So long as everyone gets to stay involved next time it's fine.
At least the fight was cool.
Hibiki doing something alone has happened (S3 and S4 finale) but in those cases they were either intentionally powering Hibiki up or launching a super attack and letting her clean up
Here....they were just stuck behind barriers.
I still think Elsa is the only one out of that trio with a hope to survive this.
Oh sure you could return all three to regular humans, and then Millaarc would be executed for killing 70,000+ people. So yeah, still think she's dying somewhere along the way.
Will be interesting to see where they go from here. Hibiki's golden duet was cool. But still want to see the other 5 characters get their moment to shine.
Still keeping my hopes up of Genjuro vs Fudo as well. Since that old guy is powerful on his own then could make for a good fight.
Pretty sure Genjuro could just stomp really hard and send all the goons flying via shockwave. He is the most powerful person in this franchise.
Are we sure he can't? We haven't seen the limits of his power yet.
I'd assume we'll just see Fudo show up on the monitor or something being all evil and such.
Maybe if he's taken the school hostage then Genjuro and Ogawa might not make a move immediately.
Can't wait for next week where it opens with Genjuro KO'ing all these fools on his bridge.
I'll need some time to determine how all the songs end up ranking for me.
Honestly still tough for any Maria song to surpass her first Gungnir song. I still love that one.
I'm curious to see what they do with this Amalgam business.
The transformation visuals could mean that Shirabe and Maria get duets with the other two deceased alchemists.
But that does leave Chris, Tsubasa, and Kirika. Maybe just regular battle songs.
Probably already discussed. But I wonder if Millaarc makes it out of episode 5?
No point having her still injured from Kirika/Shirabe's combo move unless it leads to something.
Also, Fudo is totally going to pay for pointing guns at Genjuro's bridge crew.
Having Millaarc be sacrificed seems good for drama at least.
She's the one that Tsubasa wants to go after the most. And it could be a tragic twist that her efforts to protect Vanessa and Elsa from dirtying their hands only left them with more grief.
No doubt Elsa might be more tragic, but feels more to me like Millaarc is being set up to take the fall.
I'm feeling that Millaarc will be the first to die. She's already down to one good arm.
Easy enough for Fudo to feed her to Tsubasa to fuel her rage.
Was a solid episode overall. Got some more plot advancement and Tsubasa's transformation.
And even some concrete means for Fudo/Vanessa to figure out Miku's value. Even surprised me a bit with Elfnein being a target, but it makes sense.
Honestly I think it works better without the blood fountain.
At least you can end the episode with some menace.
I've got to say that was one of the least impactful cliffhangers from this franchise.
Oh yeah, I'm sure that blood from a mysterious source was from Miku. Definitely not the worthless extra standing right beside Millaarc...
They are doing a nice job. Tsubasa is just steadily going off the line, but not without thinking as she goes.
I do wonder if they'll do a nice reverse of S2 and have Maria vs Tsubasa after she ends up going too far?
Right now Tsubasa is at least thinking and talking about her experiences. But she's also steadily reaching a point of accepting where Fudo is pushing her.
I did think "dang, there go the civilians." But Chris was on it. Let Maria go on the attack for a bit and she'll make sure no one gets killed.
Also, certainly glad the only casualties of Tsubasa's rage mode were buildings and Frosty the Snowman
Also got to say I did love that civilian rescue move by Chris. Can save lives and load up her attacks at the same time.
Nice to see another Chris and Maria team-up as well.
A lot of this episode surprised me in the best ways. At most I thought we'd see Carol in some "inside Elfnein's head" scene.
Instead we got Autoscorers and the slaughterer of miracles herself. There was pure joy in having Millaarc get owned mentally by Carol.
And even got a bit more Elfnein character development which I'm good with.
Also, kind of hoping we get a "Dur da Blá datto!?" next week.
I suppose it's always possible to rebuild the autoscorers later anyways. Especially if Carol stays near the surface of their shared body.
Just re-design them to not run off the power of human memories.
Millaarc unleashed the Balrog on them. She's going to regret that.
I'm hoping to see next episode start off before the transformation and focus on a little 'inner mind' chat between Elfnein and Carol. Could be fun.
It's kind of amazing how well they handled that. Their relationship wasn't instantly fixed. And that's all I needed.
They've been doing a great job this season resolving a lot of issues I had with GX.
I was uncomfortable with the Elfnein/Carol fusion since Carol was almost an empty shell at that point. Now they could be a much more legitimate fusion of two individuals.
And yeah, I'm loving this season. So many clever looks at the previous seasons and tying things together in a nice way.
Never thought we'd see all the awesome stuff we've gotten this season and we're only a little over half way through it.
I'd be happy to see that. Carol has some great weaponry at her disposal.
Sure, use some alchemic energy spam attacks. But also tap into the crazy string weaponry that's possible with that relic. Otherwise no point busting it out.
I'm prepared mentally for Carol to have a difficult time. She can't casually burn up memories. But she can probably compensate a bit by using that faust robe like a Symphogear.
Curious to see how this will all play out. She can't straight up lose since backup isn't going to arrive that quickly with that pretty intense bouncer outside.
I'm still amazed by it. And I still love that her first big moment was owning Millarc in a mental battle.
There are some minds you just don't mess with.
There's no telling. Shemha could be the last boss.
But at the same time Hibiki has Amalgam and the rest are in X-Drive. So they could settle this and then Fudou takes the divine power or something.
This season has been so crazy that anything is on the table.
That was fun. You pissed off a last boss Noble Red...good luck with that.
My god....Symphogear how much more awesome are you going to become in the remaining episodes!?
This was awesome. I thought Carol might be a bit weak, but regardless she stomped Noble Red and busted up their trump card.
Then came X-Drives and of course Miku time!
Kirika and Shirabe own the action of this season.
Their combination has just taken a step up. A visual feast.
With the main cast on the moon...if something else happens on Earth then Carol is the planet's last line of defense.
Maybe they thought the gear users would be on the rocket.
After all they can also survive in space so defending the rocket post-launch might not be that difficult.
Also I hope there is something that needs to be done on Earth against this Yggdrasil.
Then we can have something insane like a Carol and Genjuro combo holding the fort on Earth.
Hibiki will play her role. But until they separate Shem-Ha from Miku, her 'god killing fist' would be more problematic to use.
Others taking the spotlight until that point is probably best.
The season seems to be directing towards "Maria will resolve everything" more than Hibiki doing it.
I guess the key will be that a divided humanity is harder to control.
May be trickier to dominate a planet with various beliefs, languages, countries than a united species.
Or the unified language was itself a means of mass control.
I am glad that while Chris, Kirika, and Shirabe didn't have big character arcs in XV, that they still got moments that reflect their growth.
All three of Chris's solo song fights involved saving lives (the biker, guy in a car, Noble Red). 
While Kirika/Shirabe showed their growth and independence. Shirabe rose up when fighting by herself. And Kirika using her head in the ship fight. They didn't need rescue.
All I know for sure is that I love this wacky franchise.
5 seasons, 65 episodes + OVA stuff. That's a great ride.
And I'll hope that the Shinais do give a kind of epilogue.
Need all the dess
Well I suppose episode 1 had that music test so...slice of life anime? Guessing anyone behind that list didn’t get to episode 2...
