Hello
I don't know much specific about Japan besides hearing second hand that post-war they have had relatively conservative parties in charge.
Yeah specifically what is considered reasonable and mainstream in politics, so it shifts over time.
Yes if I remember right some of the laws discriminating against Jews and other groups were based on Jim Crow laws.
Although from what I recall ideas of lebensraum in Nazi Germany did make some comparisons to manifest destiny in the American West.
Yeah obviously the genocide and impearlism in manifest destiny are also common aspects of facism, but doesn't make them the same.
> i'd be fine with just asking a good friend who i think is attractive if they're down to hook up.
There's nothing wrong with that, but there's no reason to rush in to it either if you do want romance.
Like what?
If I remember right the high rate is for survival which 1% of the people who get it dying off is bad with how easy it is to spread. In addition to evidence of long term damage in cases of survival that are not capture by that stat.
But we do our best to minimize car deaths instead of removing all safety features from cars since we can't stop all of them.
I thought 'they' weren't talking about other diseases anymore
Don't you know they there is usually a news story for every person who gets a cold?
No Kayio there is only one hospital in the US
I think you'll find that the line didn't go up and also people don't talk about the flu anymore so we should just let them die.
I mean clearly they don't have any have just been jumping from excuse to excuse about why it doesn't matter.
Ah so not just stupid but also a scumbag
Way too late, that's why its so drawn out.
Exactly the opposite
No
Good thing there is a reason.
Middle class is already destroyed. The solution is assistance not saying fuck it let people die.
Ah sorry lol I'm going to stop being sarcastic and go make fried rice I think anyway.
https://www.salon.com/2019/08/28/right-wing-journalist-andy-ngo-outed-video-shows-him-hanging-out-with-far-right-hate-group/
Also the guy responsible for giving white supremacist groups information about people to attack.
Nah they just think white supremacists murdering people is good in general it seems.
Not like it would matter anyway but also lol at sending Ngo.
That's their reward for helping to violently suppress other unions.
Especially since the original more extreme one felt the nude to include lesbian sex acts as a warning which makes me think its some channer or other crazy right winger that wrote it up.
So did users edit it, was the tweet fake,  its not clear who made the guide.
This is what the imdb guide says right now. Different then whats in the tweet you put up.

Also doesn't appear that many of the things in that image are actually in imdb.
I mean the political angle might be relevant if its a case of right wingers making suit up and spreading it in their echo chambers.
Is the parents guide actually made by a reputable source or just editable by users like other spots of imdb?
Is there actually child nudity in it? The only places I could find saying that were right wing cesspits.
Not possible to do in the same way because Republicans controlled the senate.
I think the most crazy thing could be if the election is contested and the overturn the results of voting like in 2000.
They already had a majority so its not the biggest swing but will for sure make the court worse.
There is no filibuster for Supreme Court noms so I am not aware of any mechanism without winning over some Republicans
They blocked Obama's appointment by being in the majority and not taking it up for a vote.
I don't think so unless they can get some republican support to do so
> was the neighbours white?
<@284390402210136064> 

Just saw a post from the family's lawyer that the three charges were for white neighbors, there was no charge related to the apartment of the black neighbor that was also shot in to.
If you were going to talk I think it would be better not to make it a group thing at first. Maybe approach one or two people you feel closest too or trust most?
My thought is that you might want to try talking to some people directly about your feelings which is obviously easier said than done.
Yeah I get that impulse as somebody who is often paranoid about not being liked, but I don't really think its the best course of action.
Would not be the first time the GOP stole an election via the Supreme Court.
Also if you're talking foreign policy Biden was a major pusher for the Iraq war.
Well at the very least Libya started in that period and if I recall Yemen significantly ramped up.
Exactly there is always going to be an piece of shit to scare people with. If you give in to that every time than it means you just keep getting the GOP lite.
Same arguments I've been hearing for near twenty years justifying voting for the lesser evil. It does not convince me anymore.
Voting blue no mater who indicates that the party and candidates have to do nothing to get your vote and therefore can ignore all issues you care aobut.
https://twitter.com/KamalaHarris/status/1314019248344305664
So Biden and Harris for refusing to support reasonable policies then?
I do still wonder if the FBI was trying to flip the election or expected Trump to lose and were just trying to have a weakened Hillary once she was in office.
Were they lame duck when the took office and refused to go after any of the people that causes the recession?
Perhaps if the Democrats actually were effective in office and offered good policy they would be able to keep people voting.
In terms of the Dems it was Reagan and the reaction to him culminating in Clinton in the 90s driving the party to be more centrist.
I would say Nixon for the GOP taking its modern turn.
I guess in half a year or year I can use some edibles to help with legalization.
But yeah even though I haven't stuck with 2/4 I thought it helped somewhat.
So far I've tried to learn more about cocktail mixing, study Japanese, learn Mahjong, and learn to draw.
5 states I believe, including mine <:elmacheer:380585573670453258>
Trout if this is something that has started especially the lockdown the thing that has helped me somewhat is trying to learn new things/pick up new skills. Even if I don't stick with them I've found it helpful for sometimes taking my mind of my feelings of isolation.
https://abc30.com/dead-brothel-owner-reality-tv-star-dennis-hof-love-ranch/4647739/
Oh yeah I remember hearing about the dead brothel owner getting elected.
I do not think there is any chance that Trump is put in jail.
With it looking like Trump will be losing by multiple states as well it should reduce the chance of the Supreme Court flipping it.
>  you say that but the same is true for Obama￼‘s second term
What do you mean? Obama won both the popular vote and the electoral college in 2012.
But yeah things like systemic disenfranchisement and voters being underrepresented are much larger issues I'd say.
Where one of the people running was in charge of the elections and then when they tried to investigate inaccuracies in the election they wiped the servers that had the voting data on them.
The one time recently I did get pretty suspicious of fraud was in the Georgia 2018 elections.
Of course lots of people don't actually believe and just throw out random crap.
I mean its loaded because you need to be a complete idiot to actually believe Project Veritas and O'Keffe are reliable sources.
What do you think about the fact that James O Keefe is a scam artist who constantly makes up stories?
Oh the best source
Who are you quoting?
Despite proving I know absolutely nothing about the topic I am still right clearly.
It is the percentage of voters not percentage of people just like damn.
Voters who don't vote aren't counted in the voter %
Why is that at all unlikely when Trump discouraged people from mail in voting.
Obviously that means its true
Some guy on the bus said they cheated
lol as a person who has had a mail in ballot for the past several elections.
Just because he says they're not neo nazis and white supremacists does not make it true.
Cool can't wait to see what twitter user Hitlerrawks69 has to say about it
So I the aforementioned calling Nazis fine people.
Calling Mexicans rapists is pretty racist imo.
I would say best bet is that he didn't really start more wars.
Nah I mean dude is openly and obviously racist.
This is the same reason he claimed that he lost the popular vote in 2016 with no evidence or claimed his inauguration crowd was the biggest ever despite contrary evidence. Because when it is Trumps ego vs facts he chooses his ego.
He believes the election is stolen because he believes it is impossible for him to lose, investigations won't change that.
But that's because the real enemy in this case is global capitalism.
All the various countries of the world could have properly locked down and shut down travel and commerce. To shut it down.
Just your typical moderate hawing project veritas
Considering they constantly post far right sources I'd say that they're just a far right bigoted moron is more likely than sarcasm.
lol at this person calling people deluded
Project Veritas is less trustworthy than like a random chain e-mail
Also I mean before any of the politics stuff, dude had lawsuits brought against him for not renting to black people.
It was actually You Will Not Replace Us the white supremacist slogan sometimes used as Jews Will Not Replace Us https://www.adl.org/education/references/hate-symbols/you-will-not-replace-us
Yeah he says that not all of the group that was chanting Jews will not replace us are actually racists
Also just doesn't seem to match reality. If anything I expect Biden to be more belligerent on foreign policy, if only because he'll have more competent monsters on his team.
Former secretary of state and national security advisory for Nixon as well as advisor to Bush and Hillary Clinton.
> Why do we care about this person's opinion?
Bloodthirsty ghouls got to stick together.
Here's something different and gross. https://twitter.com/newsmax/status/1326374110688145409
If you're telling the truth about social dem beliefs than probably actually a Strasserist
lol yeah okay total social democrat who just weirdly gets their sources from far right
Shemmy sounds pretty rad, good work Shemmy
I think there is some chance for a soft type of revolution with enough people protesting/rioting/striking with the implicit threat of more direct violence to those in power. But not sure enough of the US people could be swayed to support it.
If you mean currently in the US I'm pretty doubtful about significant changes taking place democratically.
They have 100% shown they can not handle them responsibly.
I would say the first place to take away guns is cops.
I'm not against overall restrictions to gun ownership, but I don't think it makes sense for the left to unilaterally disarm itself.
I do also have sympathy to the idea of gun ownership being useful for not defending against official groups but against far right militia types. As a person living in a home with a couple of queer people I have considered that though I think owning a gun would not be safe for me.
Eh I find stuff like the AWB relatively ineffective for the amount of effort and backlash sustained from it. Even if I think going further and at least banning all semi-automatic guns would be a good policy I think it is also way down the list.
I think this quote from Mark Twain is relevant to the discussion. “THERE were two “Reigns of Terror,” if we would but remember it and consider it; the one wrought murder in hot passion, the other in heartless cold blood; the one lasted mere months, the other had lasted a thousand years; the one inflicted death upon ten thousand persons, the other upon a hundred millions; but our shudders are all for the “horrors” of the minor Terror, the momentary Terror, so to speak; whereas, what is the horror of swift death by the axe, compared with lifelong death from hunger, cold, insult, cruelty, and heart-break? What is swift death by lightning compared with death by slow fire at the stake? A city cemetery could contain the coffins filled by that brief Terror which we have all been so diligently taught to shiver at and mourn over; but all France could hardly contain the coffins filled by that older and real Terror—that unspeakably bitter and awful Terror which none of us has been taught to see in its vastness or pity as it deserves.”
Ghandi and Mandela also had violent counterparts as part of their revolutions that made the peaceful options seem more palatable. If I remember correctly the party Mandela was part of even did bombings.
Plus you can't even discharge them through bankruptcy, thanks Biden!
I don't recall tariffs being a major issue last time I read on this but would want to refresh my memory to really declare on that.
Oh yeah it is for sure mentioned there a bunch. I see one mention of free trade versus lots of talk about slavery.
Definitely had nothing to do with States Rights though.
I mean there are definitely class issues in that Southern plantation owners were worried about damage to their status if slavery was threatened and lower class Southern whites being worried about not being above Black people anymore. Ultimately though the cause of the war was slavery and the fear of the South that it was going to be eliminated.
Also yeah in terms of slavery definitely a political issue. In the US it hasn't even been fully eliminated.
My state apparently had 3,942 new cases yesterday.
Otokonoko makes sense in terms of anime discussions where it comes up a lot. I think I've seen people suggest femboy or tomgirl in more western contexts.
https://mobile.twitter.com/ajplus/status/1346567255119769605
I think only Naruto and Death Note were in Shonen Jump so they are targeted to the younger audience
Also another scummy thing used to have a segment of his radio show called the AIDS update where he made fun of people dying of AIDS.
Yeah they didn't get elected to a majority but the Nazis were the most voted for party.
Though it is the bigotry that made me start questioning belonging to the catholic church in the first place
I don't know why people would have respect for an organization that covered up so much child rape before you get to all the bigotry and greed.
So then the goal is to punish civilians by destroying their place to live?
Could also just be that the IDF wanted to terrorize journalists who were reporting on how many people they were bombing.
And maybe that is because spending half your life in an mp office has given you a rose tinted view of them
Oh no then there might be a corrupt force in charge of our law enforcement?
Its smart to not do stuff like shoot out tires of fleeing suspects
Oh so you just don't think human life matters
Quick Google search seems to confirm that the sex offender stuff is other people with similar names being spread by right wing bigots.
https://www.pinknews.co.uk/2021/07/09/san-francisco-gay-mens-chorus/
https://www.rawstory.com/sf-gay-men-s-chorus/
Well if you live in the US the cops can just randomly murder you instead of the military.
Was extra big news too since it was a very gruesome assassination.
Depends, in the US lots of of libertarians are like that as well, like the idea of a strongman but want to smoke weed and sleep with teens
Yeah like RBG clinging to her position when people were asking her to retire at 80 after she had cancer. Helped to make this happen.
I wonder if that onion one is somewhat based off Scalia saying someone being innocent is not a reason to spare them from execution.
Yeah technically he won with a minority of votes but they were concentrated in the rights spots.
Being a genocide apologist generally weakens whatever point you're trying to make I'd say.
Also wasn't just smallpox that killed over 90% of the native population in the area he was governor.
Our current stuff is bad but I think his slave system and genocide was worse actually.
https://mobile.twitter.com/mjs_DC/status/1521296185977417732
Have seen some leaks that suggest gay marriage and gay sex may be next on the chopping block.
Looks like Byrd filibustered the 1964 Civil Rights act but Thurmond did the 1957 one.
I think you're referring to Strom Thurmond? At least with the pallbearer.
Also since this is a senate internal rule and not in the constitution it only takes 51 votes (or 50 plus the presidency) to remove the filibuster.
In the 60s and 70s they modified the rules to be a two-track system. It used to be only one item could be considered on the floor of the senate at a time so they needed to actively keep talking to block it.  But now when something is filibustered they switch to other business.
He was accused of arson and executed for the murder of his kids but experts there was no actual evidence of arson.
I think you're probably thinking of the guy in Texas whose children died in a house fire.
Nah his argument if I recall was that if the trial was conducted fairly and appeals were exhausted it would put too much burden on the courts to go back based on new evidence.
Kind of has the dual issue there where at least for congress they can make more money insider trading. Plus most of them are so rich that prestige and status is probably a big factor.
Not like they would be impeached or anything.
I think Roberts cares what people think about him even though based on Shelby he is not beholden to actual legal reasoning. But its not like there is a real negative to them being seen as hypocrites.
That assumes they are basing their decisions on actual legal reasoning and not their personal beliefs on abortion.
Once the GOP is in control of congress presumably.
Either way there is nothing stopping a federal abortion ban once the expected ruling comes through.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.insider.com/only-15-days-2021-when-police-didnt-kill-anyone-database-2022-1%3famp

Looks like police killed about double the amount of police deaths. Not even to getting in to how the police died.
No the laws would only be enforced against gay people and other 'undesirables'
