This did kind of scream, mental lock
You'd thought they learned in G "When tsubasa is having a concert give the girls a VIP escort to the stage"
So lowkey did anyone else lose it  ||When kiri decided to use a beyblade||
Ogawa's got the Ninja stuff going for him as well as Plot armor so hes fine
Something that did raise a flag was chris saying "But my fun times at school may be coming to an end." In a rather serious tone
I do get the feeling that miku will be playing a rather large role this season though "There was more than one hit by Shenshojing's light!", "Hibiki if I was the one causing the trouble would you still rush to save me?" Then theres the scenes of her in the opening and ending somewhat cementing it more.
Its more than likely a Mental Lock trapping her mind in the state it was at time of sealing if I had to guess. as well as shared vision just to throw a curve ball in there so they can potentially find the Annunaki Bracelet.
Jut noticed in that Bikki form, the wings around the necklace part are gone.
Screencap from the opening unless Hibiki can do this due to Testament. We might have an upgrade arc on our hands
Yeah all of her different Tail slots are probbly all thats in the suitcase
The form being derrived from the Scorpion would make sense, due to that being the one out of place plot element revealed in the first ep
Hmmm common sense talking here but ||Couldnt Basa have just used Thousand Tears to take care of the majority of the situation then left the rest to Maria? Then again they had to do something for Basa I guess this works?||
Ib4 his crazy ass left an AI version of himself somewhere
I could see them bringing back St.Germain's team in one of those "Hibiki your not yourself" type moments.
If they did go that route it would be more of a we aren't really here, were your conscious type gimmicks. Or something along the lines of what they did with Ver in Maria's head.
They did kind of give nods to the unisons last season via the opening so that being the case, its "Chris&Bikki" "Kiri&Rabe" "Basa&Maria"
Just noticed that we should be getting a Chris episode with this week since we also got Shirabes theme teaser alongside Kirika's.
Someone say Kiri Henshin?
This might honestly be the first time I prefer the ending over the opening tbh
Shes actually used RHB as both its intended range weapon and a melee now. It only took her what six years to actually fire it?
Im honestly suprised kirika's Ohyoyo hasn't ended up on myinstants yet tbh.
https://twitter.com/anime_senyou42/status/1152627800634847232  The magic you find on twitter.
As Genjuro said back in season 3 "The flame that burns twice as bright only lasts half as long". Kanade did burn pretty bright during the introduction so makes me think something along the lines of a Martyr class.
Shirabe has the Yo-Yo strings for that defensive buff.
Im just wondering who reminded chris shes got reflectors in that backpack
The things you do when your bored.
wait derp forgot the two instances of chris
Bikki Basa and Maria have been the only ones to get there side A and B's in iirc
I hate it when I call something weeks in advance... || Had a feeling Hibiki having a moment with a fragment of Saint Germain would happen ||
They might be getting the Fudo setup out of the way now, in order to have time for something along the lines of the Miku Arc they have been foreshadowing for a year or two.
So theory here || Since Hibiki has already extended her hand in friendship to a shocked Vanessa, and Noble Red has more than likely realized Fudo's just going using them. What if Vanessa is going to get the girls the gears back from the Government since we know they are more than likely going to be confiscated.||
If you look at the XDU card art <@!256802531584376833>  She doesn't have any.
Oh yeah since  ||  Hibiki now has her Lotus form, that more than likely counts as the upgrade arc for the season. ||  That is unless they plan to run with that concept further..
Hmm Miku might tie into the whole "Seven Scales Of Harmony" that Vanessa was talking about. Currently if you look at the gears as scales there are only six of them active.
TV magic they had to compress the total travel time down in order for to fit in one episode <@87512939107450880>
lowkey though I just had the digivolution jingle from Adventure going in my head during the ending.
Hmm... the pocket dimension Daedalus is making me think that they are going to have to get Fudo inside in order to actually damage him due to some magic shenanigans that he might have involving the Curse of Balal.
Oh god.... What if Ver is hiding out in the Airgetlam to give Maria a buff.
Cagliostro and Prelati might be hiding out in Chris and Basa's gears
Well she could... shed just have to air quote explain it like a school teacher lol.
Doubt Amalgam will be a one scene wonder. Might be dependant on a Harmonization of Feelings between Hibiki and the Fragment of Saint Germain.
<@!99695384296701952> They never did actually get to duke it out in season 1, so I could see that happening.
!! What if the Kareoke bit was Foreshadowing where Hibiki's Side-B will be sung.
The tit thing might be a nod to the fact that she still feels out of place possibly.
Might be the symbol of the beast where Fudo's power comes from.
Basa siding with Fudou might be how they get the gears back its either that or Vanessa getting them back as a "Cough cough, can we really be friends?". Arranging a Death Match between two gear users only for them to stall it out and then throw the others their relics halfway through.
Hmm the good possibility of Basa V Hibiki and then Kareoke is strong because they could spend two Episodes on "Basa why are you siding with Fudou? BECAUSE IM NOT USELESS! and then Hibiki finally getting that fight with Kareoke happening right after only to have the government inturrupting them to take Miku away and turn her into a Vessel for the Divinity within the bracelet."
*Sudden Cyborg009 vibes*
Hawt dang they really did save the best transformation sequence for  last.
Whenever someone says "We'll talk later." to there significant other in any form of media you know they are either getting Kidnapped or Killed. To avoid a potential fandom riot moneys on Kidnapped with them leaving Elfnein by inspector mans body unconcious
They wouldnt go "There were TWO people hit by Shenshojings light" if they had planned to kill off Miku.
Might be foreshadowing carol returning for a one and done type finisher? possibly who knows
I think they've been listening to twitter though with that group *Jiiiiii........* moment
Im honestly suprised though that no one made the connection of Basa using Unlimited Blade Works as a transformation sequence.
The dude was probbly not expecting this on the way home lol
Gonna laugh if they have a "Face those you have lost" type moment for an episode or two.
At most God form will probbly be just Hibiki as a last ditch effort like how testament was
Speaking of fudo... the whole he can control the seal thing thats a bit much.
her bullets have as much plot bounce as her
Chris's bouncing bullets though...
If miku willingly grabbed the Vambrace, that would explain the difference in color between the two cocoons. Because wasn't Hibiki's Black and Red?
Actually... If the vambrace was Fine's it would make sense that theyve been showing her in this opening aside from her being a  point on Biki's Resume.
Actually... Miku being a receptor child could explain why she saw fine
inb4 they give a giant curveball and have Fudou's VA sing a death metal song.
Waaait since its technically Carol but Elfnein was in the driver seat of the body or so we are lead to believe. Doesnt this make Carol an Anti-Hero now?
Yeah Crunchy loves to spoil any and every anime they run on the platform
I think Shemha has been taking notes from Barry in archer.. with the "Whats that other me you want to burn them to the ground. Yeah yeah I do thats right other me"
Crunchy is ontop of spoilers
This felt better than what she actually said
inb4 Shemha peers into Mikus memories to summon the stroganoff girls and give them some power.
