Forgot about that
Oh right in the ending they simply enlarged it and the camera was sliding from bottom to top
Isn't it a picture from XV's ending?
We might get one, but I still think GX generated much more hype with this trailer compared to AXZ one, so maybe they simply ditched that method.
I think people overthink what they're going to do with season 5. I don't think they're going to suddenly go for a darker story as they pretty much gave up on that after the first episode of season 1. They could technically "kill" the team in the end as its the so called "final season", but knowing the writers and the fact they're so afraid of going to a heavier kind of plot they wouldn't do that, unless they kill them off just so they're resurrected again later on
There's a difference between a TV commercial and a cover art
No that's not a commercial
The one posted above that people claim it to be scary
There's nothing scary about that commercial...
How can the Symphogears sing in space but not under water? <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
I did enjoy the animation though
I don't know, felt like the 4th and 3rd seasons had a better first episode, but maybe its just me
Pretty much a very similar scenario
I'm not going to spoil Heaven's feel, but a certain character asked the main character what would he do if she happens to do bad things
And the Miku foreshadowing feels like a Heaven's feel copy pasta
It never was, that's why I'm hoping we'd actually get one decent spinoff, as already by this episode alone I already feel some things are off
Hopefully they'll switch a writer for a Symphogear spinoff so that we'll have someone capable of writing a decent story for the franchise lol
Ugh... even though the animation was pretty good ignoring certain scenes, the writing really felt off already... :\
Did they ever say how many gods are supposed to be in this season?
She felt like the only character who actually understands how this world works
Meh... killing her off felt like a mistake, pretty much like JoJo with Dio
Also I'm hoping for Fine' to get resurrected in season 5 even though its very unlikely because of Kirika's random power that showed up once <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
Some scenes of the first episode from S1 gave an impression it does have potential but it was quickly ditched into cutesy "power of love" type of gimmick which is a shame. Still an enjoyable series though regardless...
I know I already said that, but if there's a new series I hope it'd aim for an older audience and would have new better writers
Who knows, we might get a S6 because someone over there gets greedy after seeing the profits
Because he probably costs alot of money
Unless I mixed stuff up
Didn't Kirika have one aswell as she nearly suicided because she doesn't remember her original one?
Nah, its not a death flag and more like "oh last season Kirika had a birthday so this time Chris will have to suffer from it" type of subplot. Was really weird how Hibiki wants to talk about it mid fight though..
6 isekais...
I honestly think Tsubasa and Chris are the only "smart" girls out of the group
Shirabe and Kirika didn't know what a coffin is.
At this point I expected the moon to be destroyed. Fine' managed to throw a part of her relic into the moon from earth and pull it. I believe they have enough phonic gain at this point to nuke it
I can, while JoJo parts are relatively different one from another, they have the same writing problem Symphogear has. And people dislike certain seasons just like certain Symphogear seasons, so it happens exactly the same
People skip JoJo parts even though its highly popular so with Symphogear it obviously happened
Actually, the fact its a 5th season might make people more interested. Most animes don't even receive a second season so it is quite special
Symphogear won't be the number one anime in this season as there is quite a large amount of people who refuse to give it a chance because "singing while fighting is stupid"
But Tsubasa is already with Kanade 2.0 aka Maria
Chris is the only girl that isn't into Yuri in the entire main cast. Maybe they'll ship her with Sonya for the lolz
Its her birthday so she will obviously suffer greatly <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Why do you want Tsubasa to lose another girlfriend though?
And Uzumaki Goku as the guest villian of the season
Regardless, this is japan we are talking about. A popular anime gets milked to death even past its end, to the point they come and revisit the original source eventually to make some more money.
Final season for the time being until their bank account wants to eat some more monies
"I have been a reincarnation of Fine' all along you fool"
Maybe if Miku turns evil again and Ver placed some memories of his in her head or some dumb cheesy stuff like that
Kirito is such a good character they let him be on Tate no Yuusha aswell
No Carol cameo and its already season 5 what is this
Always expect the unexpected <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Because those phases were simply dumb... they just changed their outline colors, which can be easly done even in photoshop in a second
Albedo and Rubedo were very lazy though... I expected more transformations against Carol back in GX 😦
The new transformation pretty much killed the gem part of the ignite
We might get an alchemy transformation though... maybe a gear&faust robe fusion? 😄
It is a bad move on their part though. They only had to remix a song and brand it as an upgraded new one for easy money.
Too bad ignite is dead huh
Yep, but they had to kill her off for shock factor and her VA is quite expensive
800k per movie...?
Huh, so where did people pull 800k from... it was stated in several websites
If I am not wrong the average cost for an episode in an anime with regular budget is around 800k dollars
I am aware of that... but its still expensive as fuck
Some anime episodes cost over 1 million dollars
Animators don't get paid much but animating well costs alot of money regardless
Animation actually costs them more money and effort, so its even more amazing
The ending did feel like a part 1/2 JoJo ending
Well sure
Was just asking for his opinion, but alright
Well I fully understand that... JoJo can be entertaining sometimes but its insanely overhyped
<@279341087494242304> Due to Araki being inconsistent and forgetful or the lack of actual plot and character development in JoJo with too many random elements thrown in?
The one from season 5
ugh I can't believe I wasted a few hours to redraw the Trump scene from Symphogear for a meme
She doesn't have to be the main villian of every season, but seeing her in certain scenes doing some random stuff that will eventually get mixed together for a bigger plan could be interesting
And I am perfectly fine with that. Symphogear isn't really a consistent story. They come up with alot of random stuff... I'd rather have a darker more serious tone to the story with danger in mind for every single main character.
I think that considering she was pretty much the person with most information regarding how their world functions and the fact she was supposed to be invincible would've added quite heavily to the plotline by having an antagonist that appears throughout several seasons and does its plans off screen most of the time to add some mysterious factor would've made the series even more enjoyable. Especially since she is pretty much related to everything in the story and it was dumb to simply get rid of her. Also Miyuki is a great voice actor but it has nothing to do with the actual plot.
Maybe they'll reboot Symphogear and change its plotline completely so they don't repeat the same mistake of killing Fine'? <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
"Heaven's feel is quite popular don't you think? let's copy pasta its gimmick into the 5th season, will probably increase sales" "Ok cool" - that's all I've felt after seeing the Miku and Hibiki discussion on the very first episode.
Also, Fine existed for so many generations that I kind of doubt she only explored the technology with Ver and Nastashja...
I never expected Symphogear to be used against Alcanoise though. But using its power for your own benefit. Maybe using different relics to power it up aswell just like our cast used Dainself.
What...
I know, but its Symphogear, people come up with random stuff all the time. With how everything is connected not having more Symphogear users around the world is actually just weird
Or other people trying to use the Symphogear technology for their own use
Also they pretty much gave up on showing more complete relics which was kind of weird..
I am pretty sure they could always make new fragments of a relic as its simply a fragment out of a complete one
Don't forget that SSJ is supposed to cleanse everything that isn't natural but apparently doesn't affect man-made mirrors <:Ver:336656981144109066>
They pulled another Gungnir fragment out of nowhere for Maria, so they could always pull another Shenshoujing fragment aswell
While you might be right, Symphogear's plot tends to be weird from time to time. Kinoko (or whatever his name is) isn't the best writer when speaking of consistency and fleshing out ideas in the long run...
Oh yeah and Chris for having a birthday or whatever the gimmick would be this time
Ugh... I don't think Kirika would be the focus of this season... I think it'll focus on Hibiki, Miku and maybe Maria if the theory of her being the missing "Eve" would actually matter
I just think that having good versus bad in single factions is very linear, and since the entire plot revolves pretty much around Fine' it feels stupid that they killed her off by Kirika pulling a technique that rips the soul out of a person's body and then completely forgot about that mechanic and never mentioned it ever again.
You could always find a reason for them to act. Maybe a time limit to something they were waiting for, some new motivation, a different kind of goal they aim towards that will affect all of humanity
Also, having Fine' fight the Alchemists could've been enjoyable aswell considering their past, but whatever..
And having a 3rd faction is never a bad thing, animes tend to not go that route as it requires much more planning and writing instead of having a good faction versus a bad faction
Would be really funny if he is actually a god and isn't aware of that himself
Genjuuro just casually stepped on the road in season 1 and destroyed the entire road, while saying "oh noes my shoes". I wouldn't be surprised if he can randomly throw a rock and make the moon explode if he really wanted to
But he isn't the main character so he gets no spotlight
I see Genjuuro as a joke character like Saitama in OPM pretty much, they serve the same role
Genjuuro could pretty much overpower Fine' before she pulled that overused anime trick to make him lose. I seriously think that while he is serving a role as the "overpowered character that never actually gets involved", he could finish everything by himself without making any sense but the plot won't allow him to do anything relevant unless they make him lose for some dumb reason again
Custodian in disguise
Genjuuro is OP, maybe he's a god aswell <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Ugh... not entirely, as she is a completely different character than any of the other users. Tsubasa would never grow with Kanade existing by her side unless she got rejected, but who knows
I still believe up to this day they killed Kanade just for the shock factor and because her VA is expensive. They really downplayed zesshou quite a bit as they kept using it more and more and it pretty much lost its point.
It is still pretty much forced
Also, I am pretty sure the second trio and Kanade were never "chosen" by the relics and just forced them on. Since they have little to no synergy with their gear they required Linker
She said she "forgot" it
We've never seen a relic reject someone. Hibiki forgetting her song on season 3 was just bullshit to give a nod to the previous season and make Hibiki lose character progression for drama.
People like Serena...?
I believe Symphogear started because the person that came up with the idea wanted to try his gimmick (no idea if the manga came out before the anime or that was the other way around). They saw how popular the anime became and that sales started to go up so they went for more seasons. It was never planned ahead, and while its obvious the entire cast have alot of fun doing their job, its pretty much ends up as a money machine more than a project filled with passion.
It has so much heart in it because it makes money. Otherwise we'd never even have a second season regardless of how much we were wanting one
5Ds was decent, but Arc V and Zexal were a complete mess
Ugh yeah.. but most Yugioh seasons past DM are stupid
People just want to hear some good songs, see hyped up battle scenes and that's pretty much it
Its one of the series that people don't REALLY care about the plotline
That's why finishing the series completely after season 5 is completely stupid IMO
As long as its fun I don't care
I am perfectly fine with that, that's the only reason we have season 5
And selling more CDs by remixing the song and labeling it as ignited
"Oh hey look new villians from an alternate universe we need to assemble S.O.N.G again"
Final season for the time being. Its Japan, they might always revisit it once they want more money
Why would they kill Genjuuro though, I believe he is just a meme and people like to see him do some random crap that is insanely overpowered with no real reason
P:
But since its Japan and they like to kill their mentors for symbolism who knows
I don't think they'll kill anyone off really
He also killed Serena for the lolz, but I still think his intentions overall were never bad. He was just crazy for the sake of being crazy. It was never really explored.
I am aware of Ver's case, but I honestly don't think he had bad intentions to begin with... he just developed really weirdly and not naturally like he was supposed to
Maybe Trump would be the final villian
Every single villian up to this point wasn't purely evil, they just did stuff in the "wrong way" to accomplish goals that are technically positive
I know it isn't, but its Symphogear, and they will probably make some random reason as to why the moon was created by the gods to make them not completely evil
Hm... what if the moon gets destroyed in the season finale and we get to know about a random gate being locked inside the moon that leads to an entirely new world, and the gear users get stuck there until further notice so we need a new team to protect Earth and eventually save them, so there would be a cannon reason to form up a new team? <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Pretty much.
You forgot we had a villian that shouted an entire season how much he wants to join My Hero Academia. We may never know what Kanade's goal is.
Gungnir suddenly being strong against gods is just a stupid retcon. Otherwise Fine' would've kept it for herself considering her goal.
INB4 Kanade is still alive and will be the final villian of the season and she just turned herself into dust on purpose to make people think she is really dead
They can always kill them off and when they revisit the series "hey look with enough phonic gain we can revive people how cool is that huh"
Don't forget that Tsubasa and Chris technically died in season 1 but were lolnope.jpged in the end
Serena is just a writing tool to make Maria have some sort of reason to work under Ver
Would be funny if Ver was actually trying to make a hero costume for himself instead of the lab coat and would've ended up in a short mini skirt that looks like a bootleg Symphogear
He might have one. He was naked all the time next to the alchemists and they never suspected he isn't human
Also, Tikky barely showed any powerful feats when compared to previous villians. Guess the so called "god powers" aren't that amazing.
Adam wanted to use the god powers through Tikky, what did the hat have to do with it?
Who needs god powers when you can throw a hat casually at a custodian to see him explode
Don't forget the fact Adam's hat is the most durable thing on the planet, and is so had it can casually knock people from mid air if they get hit by it
Dr Ver being naked while singing the Beef Stroganoff in ignited arrangement would've added much more menace.
I think Fine' could've been the "Dio Brando" of Symphogear, but at this point I don't know
Having dead dogs/cats around her room wasn't enough?
But it was weird how she was just naked all the time and we saw random animal bodies around her room because of some experiments or whatever she was trying to do
But its Japan..
I don't think we really needed the bouncing animation or Fine' being naked in her base
Also, Chris is the only girl outside of the group that isn't interested in girls for some reason but it has nothing to do with the fanservice stuff
Ugh... I am talking about anime size not real life size
Don't forget the fact that Tsubasa lost her relatively small chest and handed it to Chris as she apparently "didn't have enough"
If those gods would've existed on the moon they'd be mad that Fine' just casually threw a part of her relic to there and started pulling it
Am I the only one who thought that the so-called gods would come from outer space instead of existing in moving tombs inside of Earth?
Yeah
She just gave up her existence by going to the submarine or whatever that place was
And once they kill all of them, why would they be looking for her?
Ok, but first of all they thought Carol was dead after she "suicided" on episode 6
But in theory she never had to fail with what she was coming up with due to how overpowered they made her
She was just bound to fail because Symphogear is planned in seasons and she is the seasonal villian of GX
Which exactly supports my point - she never really had to act so fast when she literally has an infinite amount of time and power in theory
They never hid any information from Elfnein so she could've used her very easily to gain information regarding their actions
Yep, and they weren't aware of that even though its extremly obvious
I still don't get how they can survive 7 billion swan songs but its Symphogear..
And also, without the "oh look my song has the power of 7 billion swan songs" she would've overpowered them easily
I am aware of that, but they always reacted to her actions, they never were proactive against her.
Ok, and what was stopping her from doing that again once she collected all of the cursed energy from Dainslef's songs?
They never found out where her base is. They never even intended to look for it. All she had to do is slowly take her time and rebuild whatever she needs for that.
She never had a time limit other than being a seasonal villian
But she created Garie, which means she could always create more Autoscorers with the same mechanics
It depends on how memory combustion works in Symphogear. If she could control what memories she wants to get rid of instead of just throwing all away she could really just get rid of her undesirable ones and slowly collect as many memories as she wants
I am aware of that, but she technically had potential for an "infinite" amount of power
She lived for hundreds of years, why wouldn't she do that?
I know that, but it doesn't stop Carol from using that gimmick
Also, if the autoscorers were stealing memories as a power source, why didn't Carol do that instead of burning her own memories?
She had much bigger power output but she was a human so she had to use her memories as power source
Also, Carol had better feats than Adam IMO
😦
Elfnein 8th Symphogear user confirmed
The Autoscorers had so much potential but were just used horribly to hype up Ignite
Also I wonder if Carol would appear this season through Elfnein or something
We might get some of Adam's nudes she was saving in her database.
We may never know if they actually planned stuff ahead of time or not either.
From what I recall Hibiki was seen as an angel in the very end, maybe she did die in the manga, not really sure about that though as I read it a really long time ago and I don't fully remember
Its kind of similar. Some of the scenes were slightly different but its pretty much the same
But as the manga did end after Fine's arc I don't think they really had so many things planned ahead of time
Ok it did start from 2011, so apparently they had some ideas ahead of time
Hold on, let me check if the manga came before the anime or not
Such as what...? alchemy at first felt like it came literally out of nowhere. While Fine' was talking about the custodians the idea was very vague and underdeveloped to the point it felt like a type of "rid the manga if you're interested in understanding the plot" type of advertisment
I don't think they did. They never expected this series to be this successful and showing Miku looking at Hibiki's grave makes me think that they wanted to kill them all but changed their mind midway
They could also make arcs that are longer than 13 episodes but that requires planning ahead and I don't think they like that
They could've easily done that last season with Kirika pulling a swan song because "she doesn't remember her own birthday" thing, but nope
If you're talking about temporary damage than yeah they might be doing that
And yet, they had enough reasons to kill off someone before but they never did, and they never thought Symphogear would have 5 seasons before receiving a green light for AXZ and XV
I really doubt they want to kill characters. Leaving an open window for a new season when thinking about business won't let that happen, unless they're into ressurecting characters incase things happen.
lol
While its no longer a miracle if it happens all the time, its quite obvious it became a tradition at this point
Same for not having X-Drive on AXZ
I'm pretty sure the only reason she didn't come back in AXZ is mostly because they had 2 seasons planned already
Yeah my bad
I am also trying to look for reasons behind actions. Its not entirely based on GX but more about theories related to the franchise, but alright... I get it.
I like ridiculous stuff. But mixing it with good storytelling could've made the experience even better
Carol might be relevant to XV but she will probably be a "good person" now
Kaneko or whomever is the writer isn't doing the best job
I enjoy Symphogear for the songs and fights, and the hype its creating. I don't really like the story as it was never the strong part of the series
Carol is quite poorly written, it doesn't have to do too much with the trope of villians
Carol also never learned the fact that when people try to oppose you and you're so insanely overpowered you can literally kill them without them being able to do things you don't quietly sit and wait, or give them enough phonic gain so they can fight back
If she actually cared about keeping things a secret she could've killed him afterwards but she just threw him and never checked if he is dead or not
I know she had a purpose there. But you're forgetting she can create an infinite amount of Autoscorers, gain as much memories as she wants and is vastly stronger than anything the gears had
Even if he is actually a villian I don't think it will feel good if he ends up losing at this point
Let Genjuurou carry this season. Let the Symphogear users lose so he can casually one shot the gods as they don't understand how is he so strong <:GenjuurouThumbsUp:336657189475188740>
Stating stuff doesn't mean much. If Akira Toriyama would say he designed Jiren back in the DBZ era I'd never believe him. They had several issues with planning ahead of time previously so I doubt that a little.
Had no idea why they started pushing it
The alchemy came out of nowhere, that was really random
I actually have no problem with ignite, some songs sounded pretty good with it
I watched GX back in 2015 so I am not sure about that
Didn't she say her new body rejects her or whatever that was?
Its as if they nerfed her on purpose and it wasn't even enough at that point
She could LEAVE with the teleportation stone instead of commiting suicide and switching bodies for whatever reason to have body rejection and be messed up
I am not confused... I just think the way they led the story was pretty stupid
It might be my own impression, but the users had much harder time against Carol compared to Adam or Nephilim
That's what I literally said. The GX finale made no sense.
I don't think you understand my point... she could literally control everything behind the scenes because of how overpowered the writers made her be. She had so many things she could've done to force them to use Ignite Module to beat the original 4 autoscorers for the cursed song and literally spam Chateau and whatever she wants with overpowered autscorers. As she already said, she is aware of Dainslef's limitation, and she threw it to them on purpose because it couldn't overpowered her, which means she could simply not allow them to mess with her plan if she really wanted to, but they had to make her lose in 13 episodes after making her so strong as like I've mentioned before, she is a seasonal villian, and they apparently don't like to have villians pop up in several seasons except for cameos
Or just create more autoscorers that could overpower your opponents but sure..
She never had to have this fight to begin with. Like I am saying, she saw the ignite module is working, summoned 3 thousand alcanoises and literally could leave
And once again, what's stopping her from using that teleportation gem like her autoscorer used right before she started fighting?
I think she is one of the most overpowered characters up to date in the franchise. You can call Adam whatever you want, but in theory the 7 billion swan songs were supposed to kill the Symphogear users due to an overload of phonic gain their bodies couldn't handle.
I think she just fought the Symphogear users to force them to use dainslef and see it works according to her plan. But from that point onwards it made no sense.
What does that have to do with suiciding?
It didn't do much though..
I think she killed herself on purpose, but there was literally no reason for that
She never had to die. She could overpower the 3 with ease and run away. She pretty much suicided for no reason.
Why did she bodyswap then?
She had body rejection "just because". She lived from probably hundreds of years without a problem when suddenly it shows up this one time because she probably did something stupid without caution and there wasn't a real reason for that.
That coffin didn't really act for a few moments when they were slammed into the ground. If they really wanted to they could sneak a few ass shots but they didn't
In XV if they would've flipped the camera when that coffin slammed Maria and Hibiki into the ground we might've had another one of those scenes, but maybe they would rather avoid that stuff this season
Guess I never paid attention to that
Tsubasa had ass shots...? I only remember Fine's ass being shoved into a scene when she was talking to Chris for no apparent reason
Ugh I've just noticed the target demographic is PG 13 which is kind of odd considering they try to deal with some heavy stuff
Yeah I know that, I've seen she had multiple clones unless that was some kind of a dream
Well I never was a really an Evangelion fan so I wouldn't really know. I am aware of the storyline and everything that happens as some of my friends are hardcore fans, but I am not that much of a mecha type of guy
From real life perspective you're right, but by looking at anime standards I wouldn't really agree with that
Yeah but when we're talking anime standards they're pretty small when Japan spams animes with stuff like Tejina Senpai or Steins Gate Zero
Do Japanese men/women prefer middle school girls with tight suits over "busty" girls?
Yeah but Eva got a few movies not too long ago, wasn't that an attempt at a reboot?
I was, I just wasn't watching such animes back then as I was a child and wasn't interested in bleeding mechas with gigantic monsters that were claimed to be angles
Yeah. Evangelion became popular enough to be a worldwide phenomenon
Having meme material content or such disturbing scenes help the franchise become more popular. Like JoJo gains quite a large amount of fans due to people interested in Kono Dio Da memes and more "JoJokes", that stuff helps aswell. If they really wanted to sell more merchandise I believe they should've aimed for slightly older girls with a more curvy body, as it tends to be more popular atleast outside of Japan (their taste and culture is quite different so I am not sure what their ideal body other than being very thin with big boobs for girls)
Like the hospital scene that many people didn't really like
They also create scenes that are quite disturbing that I don't think are really needed
There is quite a large crowd of people interested in this type of stuff as otherwise they wouldn't be repeating those same tropes over and over
I for instance don't expect fanservice in stuff like Kemono friends, however there are many things that authors throw in a few ecchi scenes here and there to make more people interested probably
Ugh... maybe
Actually I am not that interested in fanservice, most of the time it tends to ruin animes so I try to avoid it if possible
How is that not true? I've watched probably a few thousand episodes in my live and I never felt Symphogear got to the point the show was boobs and asses
Still, its not as horrible as most animation shows Japan airs
They just keep on increasing Chris' chest because apparently she needs more rockets or something
Yeah but we still didn't have many boobs and ass shots or entire scenes focusing on that
Which was kind of surprising imo
As much as Symphogear is a female focused show, the amount of fanservice is pretty low for animes in general
Alchemy could create flying dragons that breath fire but they go for shiny fruit that turn you into dust lol
Yeah but they never were forced to use alchemy. The Alcanoise was also pretty much weird but I know Noise is pretty much a gimmick in Symphogear so they wanted to keep on using them as fodder
Until they come with some new concept
Yeah but now they pretty much limited themselves to Alchemy, the Symphogear technology and that's pretty much it
Because without Symphogear being easy money it would've been with 1 season and forgotten long ago
I'm using that as an example.
Then why there are so many fate adaptation lately, including Grand Order ones if the game is that popular? 😃
Mobile games die out if people lose connection to the franchise
Madoka is taken much more seriously though..
The production is the hard part, not the idea
And coming up with new animated content isn't hard when looking at the writing level of Symphogear as a whole
I am pretty sure the Madoka stuff is just a retelling in movie form
Don't worry Hibiki, this show is way too popular for them just to end using the franchise for some easy money.
Can you really call it a sci-fi thriller when atleast half of the series focused on Okabe having parties and doing stupid stuff and then suddenly there is a shift towards "oh time travel is dangerous" because they remembered they need to make something plot-relevant?
Amadeus had a supporting role and didn't appear as much though
It is though... most of the focus was on a pseudo harem for the most part, and only once in a while they were trying to take themselves seriously to slightly alter the series through a time travel gimmick
They got rid of the "main waifu" of the series for the spinoff so I don't see how is that different exactly
Okabe was the face of Steins Gate alongisde Kurisu. They did bench Kurisu and made her a support role for all of Zero, while Okabe had a 180 degree personality change for a large majority of the spinoff to make his suffering slightly more belivable
I think the franchise is pretty much overrated, but they did try to dive into an experience of trauma and changed Okabe heavily in Zero
Look for instance at what had happened in Steins Gate and Zero
It'll just shift Symphogear into a series with a heavier plotline
Having permanent damage doesn't mean a series has to end, it just means the writers aren't doing a great job
I know, but it still doesn't really feel believable for me. Her interactions with Hibiki in the first half of the first season was pretty good, but it shifted so easily towards accepting her, and relatively fast ignoring Kanade or the fact she sees herself as a weapon, just to hear a few words from her father on GX and completely switch her entire mood.
Ugh... I think there are way too many archetypes in anime, but it has nothing to do with Hibiki specifically
For the exact reason I think Tsubasa and Chris weren't explored well enough when looking at their backgrounds. They shrug off their emotional scars way too easily and they don't seem damaged in any shape or form except for certain story arcs that get entire focus on that on purpose, just to be forgotten again once their roll ends.
But its up to personal taste I guess
I think her personality is way too generic
Hibiki is a boring character either way, she couldn't carry the series beyond the first season and that was mainly because everything was unknown
No not really. I just think they'll be using the very same characters somewhere in the future whether for some fanservice (not nudity) or just to revisit the old cast once people started missing them
They could always make some new gimmick, or an alternative timeline
That's exactly the same. Symphogear just has more to offer to the fans than just the episodes themselves
Its as if you'd say an anime about an online game would cheat if they'd actually make the very same online game in the end and brand it so people would pay money there for premium items
I don't see that as a cheat, its another method of making money off the franchise which makes it more likely to have future seasons
That's the point. If Symphogear wasn't easy money we'd never get anything beyond season 1
From what I recall G made more sales than the first season
Most fate adaptations are pretty bad so I don't see that as a future investment
Maybe you're right and they did have "darker" intentions for the story, but had to completely change it
Oh yeah, they wanted to deal with Akiza being manipulated by a cult but one of the VAs was actually a part of one so they had to shift the entire plotline
Talking about Symphogear
And the first episode of S1 did feel completely different than most of the franchise, and I don't think I'd call it a shock factor entirely, but some form of an idea that others twisted probably
5Ds did try to deal with an apocalypse, but I see why this specific person wouldn't write something dark
Well... the entire 4 dimensions gimmick wasn't done well and Yuya having the Z-ARC twist didn't have the impact it was supposed to IMO. Not many people liked the ending just like they didn't like what Zexal was trying to do
Are you talking about Arc V?
Yeah he is. He was supposed to be evil as a pharaoh but they ditched it pretty fast with Dueling Monsters to make it kid friendly and sell more cards
Arc V was bad IMO so I see your point
Oh nvm lol
Look for instance on the Orichalcos filler arc, it had a great idea in theory but was poorly done
Yugioh did have a few darker ideas back in the day, but they dumbed them down to card games to make the series fit its original intentions
I just want a darker version of Symphogear with a heavier plot if they ever come up with a spinoff
Yep, and beyond season 1 it felt for me like they threw it aside. Either way this conversation is pointless as we seem to see things differently which is fine
So whatever
But its anime
Uh... I did lose family members a few years ago, and I got over it completely differently from Tsubasa which is fine, but mostly because of the way she is acting when I am comparing it to myself or other people I know that lost close relatives or loved ones it doesn't feel like she actually dealt with her death properly
I'm not pretending some situations never existed. I think they just threw the entire plot point to the side and just used it for a few seconds every season beyond the first one because "we didn't forget about her". Its just like they threw Sonya into AXZ without real reason to make Chris deal with something and then threw them out after it was resolved.
She found a purpose through them, but considering the fact Kanade was supposed to be more than a role model for Tsubasa it doesn't solve the situation completely
Which is fine, but having a purpose and dealing with an identity crisis aren't the same thing.
It was barely used past the first season
I didn't miss anything, I just think people don't deal with death like that in real life, atleast not most of them
She tried to kill Hibiki because Hibiki is completely dumb and said she will replace Kanade
It was in the very beginning of Symphogear, but it was ditched way too early and felt like "oh I have Hibiki now ok cool" and threw the entire conflict to the side
Can't they hire the same actors and just ask them to alter their voice? 😉
Either way, Tsubasa dealing with Kanade's death felt like it was forgotten after a while and doesn't feel completely natural or believable like people deal with death in real life, but it has more to do with Japan wanting to see cutesy moe stuff or boobs bouncing instead of depressed characters dealing with the hardships of life
Yeah just like she suddenly grew out an arm after going berserk in season 2, right? 😉
And Hibiki's zesshou was "lolz what is the downside I've never heard of it"
Tsubasa was the one who destroyed the Kadingir, not Chris
She spammed alot of stuff on Hibiki relatively quickly even if the damage wasn't that great
She had enough fire power to destroy Kadingir without trying to blocking it in front of the beam itself. I don't think Fine's range is large enough to surround all of that massive cannon and we've seen how much missles and beams Chris can spam even in the first season
It was used quite a bit in DBZ
Kid Buu was also erased from the spirit bomb
I know anime tends to do that alot, but I still don't think it makes sense her body survived the hit itself
We've seen the beam literally erase her and then she fell down
I know she had protection, but she was still hit by it
Kadingir was supposed to completely erase her physical body if its supposed to be strong enough to destroy the moon itself
I am pretty sure Chris was about to die due to Kadingir's beam directly hitting her and not because of Zesshou completely
Oh well too bad, if it was intended to be a swan song it would've both lost its meaning due to future uses but would've been the perfect song for Kanade's departure
As it was literally her last song
It did fit really well for Kanade though
Oh.. :\
Yeah but Tsubasa didn't turn into dust unlike Kanade. You might look at it in terms of compatibility with the gear and all that, but if that's the case Zesshou loses its meaning if its really supposed to mean a  swan song
Beef Stroganoff in ignited arrangement is the final villian of XV, it was hinted at on GX <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Who knows...
Kirika sounds completely different from Darkness and they have the same VA
Who knows... either way I think the current voice actors are capable of changing their voices if they ever wanted to reuse them on new characters
Don't you think in a world where the technology is so advanced that someone created something so complicated as the Symphogear system they can't have a way to remove things such as fragments stuck in one's chest?
According to that logic you can just destroy the gear on purpose and spread the fragments to create several copies of the same gear
And while she had surgery they never removed it from her back when she got saved
It is really stupid how a fragment from Kanade's gear created an entirely new gear
And yeah... some people see Symphogear as anime power rangers/super sentai mixed with mahou shoujo so I get your point
It would've made so much more sense for the gears to be alive instead of that random lock mechanic
301 million seasons confirmed then huh <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Yeah clearly someone designed over 300 million locks on each system 😐
Or forgot about it
I never paid attention to that then, but it makes the design behind the system completely weird then...
Ugh..
At this point I don't think the Symphogear system was actually designed for that but instead it acts as a living creature without conscious so instead of having locks and some mechanics that require certain conditions to unlock, they just feed of Phonic gain or whatever and grow further after enough uses
I know, but Chris can spam missles out of her ass all the time, Fine's barrier and whips can't protect from all of that
It would've been much cooler if she would've ripped Nephilim apart and took her arm outside of him and reattach it through some Symphogear magic instead of that
So I don't see that likely
Fine claims that the moon curse led to people speaking different languages and constant war between human beings
Unless Fine was on shrooms the entire time and imagined everything
I know, but they're supposed to be strong which means people weren't capable of killing them, and if they created that moon curse I doubt they'd actually want to live in Earth alongside the human race
Why would they die on earth though?
Especially since some are buried in Earth which is weird..
Uh they're treated as gods so I just see that as a different definition
Aliens are a thing now aswell?
Nephus..?
I know she had a reason, but she still wasn't developed at all
Watching a flashback of hers with Enki is very limited compared to what could've happened
The alchemists are fodder IMO and I don't think they were supposed to be this season unless they were built upon the previous one which clearly isn't the case. Fine is actually supposed to be knowledgeable of what is happening and what had happened in the world which would've made her way more interesting. She wasn't a well written character back in season 1 which means she could've had her redemption here instead of a typical sassy BDSM girl. And by redemption I don't mean making her a good person, but actually developing her this season and seeing her interact with the custodians which would've been really interesting
And its annoying me that they could actually slap in a third party this season which would make it much less predictable and linear
Because it feels like a bad writing tool to get rid of Fine and nothing else.
She never used it in season 3 to try and stop Carol, or season 4 against the Alchemists, or by trying something against Adam before they knew he is a puppet
Either way, its either very bad planning once again, or they didn't want to hire Sawashiro again because she is expensive or some other reason
I don't recall her trying it anywhere else
She tried using it against Shirabe
Yeah so that's why you pull it against your friend but not against characters that are literally trying to kill you
Meh..
Once again, why was it never used afterwards then?
They just threw it in to get rid of Fine for no reason
Once again, you need to remember the Symphogear system was designed to combat the noise, it has nothing to do with souls.
Why does her Symphogear have that function to begin with and how come she never used it afterwards?
Probably... I still think its dumb. Its just like how in JoJo there are so many stories related to Dio after he is dead because Araki never planned ahead of time
The scythe thing was an asspull, and it makes no sense that a weapon built to destroy the noise has anything to do with souls
And that's a very stupid decision to not bring something that is actually relevant
Well then its a missed opportunity
:\
And the Kirika scythe thing on season 2 was complete bullshit
But Kanade isn't that relevant to what's happening this season
Yeah but I want to see her alive and kicking and actually doing something this season
Not bringing her here would be a mistake IMO
:\
But it might aswell just be a nod to the first season
Yeah I know, I hope it means she'll come back
Hmm apparently Fine is in the opening
Nvm then
Oh I thought according to how you described it to be horrible to watch
Are the bad animations in ep 2 a slideshow or just badly drawn/low amount of frames?
Why did we even need them this season to begin with -_-
But the fact they try to hype up that trash is annoying me so much
The quality will probably get fixed in the Blu-ray either way so its irrelevant
Those trio aren't supposed to be a big deal as otherwise Adam would've used them. They were never even mentioned and if suddenly they are a threat then its bad world building and planning ahead of time especially since they knew season 5 was supposed to come up
Why are they wasting time on this trash fodder?
Ugh.. bad decisions make me want to create an alternative ending but if I end up wasting time by writing fanfic I might aswell just write my own thing at that point as it wouldn't change anything regardless 😐
Just grab a pair of headphones and you're good to go
Noise existed way before that point though, so that's not possible for you sadly
Which is what I am saying, is a wasted opportunity
I'm using JoJo as an example because its a pretty mainstream anime - ||season 6 is a prime example of that, the fact the entire season was built on Dio after he died, Araki literally retconned his personality and goal because he was stupid enough to kill him in part 3, and didn't bring him back to make him develop towards wanting to achieve this specific goal felt completely dumb. If he would've existed the character interactions and the entire part would have felt much more important and meaningful.||
If you've ever seen any other sort of story with a story that is extremely relevant to a character and that character literally doesn't exist there you'd see why that is a wasted opportunity. And I'm not talking about scenarios that were created due to that character's death.
Fine... it was still not my point completely. I think Fine as a character has much more potential and it was thrown down the garbage if she'll never appear again this season as a living person
And why exactly did she have dead cats/dogs around the room?
Whatever...
It seemed like she did the torture because Chris was creating a stockholm syndrome. I don't see what it has to do with the relic
When was it said you need to torture someone to remove a relic from them?
But alright
I'm not sure about that...
Ignited nuked 3k Alcanoises in a matter of seconds and here it took them longer with a select few
I am wondering that when comparing between scenes
Are the current gears supposed to be weaker than the Ignited in GX?
After switching to a new body she started suffering which wasn't a case before that
Why kill yourself over nothing really?
With how strong she was it made literally no sense to kill herself, especially as it would've never made the gears not use their Ignite on the dolls
Then it completely denies the claim a few days ago when we were arguing about why did Carol didn't just TP out of the fight in GX episode 6
I think you're misinterpreting how fast the users are supposed to be at this point
They could catch that Alchemist alive though
Where exactly is the charge up thing? Chris threw 2 big missiles at that tomb last episode in a matter of seconds
They can pull a helicopter with ease, it doesn't matter if its selfish or not
I saw you were talking about traffic and stuff, but they could just use a helicopter if they really wanted to get there fast, or Chris' missiles
Trump is an immortal homunculus confirmed
Oh wait Trump is still a president in 2045 wtf
I've never seen them mention anything related to dates previously so probably
Obviously I overthink stuff, I like the series and I am trying to compare it to my expectations... it seems like I am simply complaining too much but I would've never had a passion for a series if I would've never liked it
It has nothing to do with the current season though... I just like usual have problems with them not planning ahead
So a dangerous organization is built from 4 strong alchemists, 3 failed experiments and complete fodder
😐
Where are the rest of the illuminati then?
If they can't be controlled they're not a part of the organization, and seeing how the alchemists work in general in the Symphogear universe they should've been destroyed
They are more useful than the strongest Alcanoise, I don't see why not using them
I know they are weaker, but they are fodder. Adam never even thought of them when working on his plans. If every person in the illuminati is so capable I don't see what's the point of only using a select few
No I just think those alchemists shouldn't be able to do anything as they're purely fodder inside the illuminati. They should've atleast mentioned them last season to make it feel like they can actually do anything
Maybe they are trying to lewd Kirika because her BDSM side is coming into fruition. That's why she was pole dancing during her transformation <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Ok... and? it would've given us more story to work with, which is great imo
You can't compare between what you've mentioned and what I did. The entire focus of this season is supposed to be around Fine's attempts and problem that she herself created. It would've fit for her to join, that's why I think its a missed opportunity. I don't like when people write stuff when its convenient and forget about it when its not, I did understand that Fine is pretty much dead because of that.
I am just kidding
Maybe Carol would bring back Fine 😉
I just don't see logic in them, that's all. I think when you are strong enough and Symphogear isn't a series about outsmarting your opponents, you could pretty much control the entire scene even if you're not literally there physically, which means you're not supposed to do some weird gimmicks to trick the protagonists. I just think they had Carol on EP 6 to create a large amount of hype around Ignite
Oh wait, what if those 3 fodder this season would just use god powers through the dead Custodians and they'll serve as the final villains instead of actually introducing actual gods as a living threat? :\
Keep in mind season 4 has mixed feelings in the fandom, but overall it should be a really enjoyable experience in anime form
And OPM suffers from dragging aswell when we compare the manga to the web manga
Yeah Bones are a great studio
You'll see once we get season 5
Oh nvm 😛
I don't like the direction it is going towards
It was good up until a certain point, but lately in the manga it seems like the writer doesn't know what he wants to do with the story
I was just joking...
Isn't MHA a bootleg version of OPM? <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Oh you're talking about the very old one
They did but they spam it every other episode
And why exactly was she in a bad shape other than the experiments to get her to fit gungnir? 😃
Tsubasa did describe Zesshou in season 1 as a song that destroys both its user and its opponent
Her flying isn't an excuse
Everyone but Hibiki has range though..
"Song of destruction" my ass
Yeah just like Zesshou is supposed to kill its users
We've never seen her teleport though... and through teleportation being so instant we could look at every single alchemist fight and think why didn't they simply run away until a better opportunity comes
Yeah but I still don't like how that Vampire girl managed to run away considering how weak she is supposed to be
The writers just didn't think its through and people like the scenario of people dying so they don't think it out
Because by looking at their old feats it makes no sense. They nuked 3k noise on GX in Ignite in a matter of seconds and according to some people here they're supposed to be stronger here.
But its just a trope really... its not something specific on Symphogear
Because apparently they don't think that if they end up being dead the people who they protect would die aswell for being powerless
The most annoying way for it to happen in a series in general is if the enemy is so strong that the protagonist shouldn't be able to try to protect others as otherwise he/she would end up being dead but they still do through the power of friendship
Yep pretty much
They'll never endanger others and try to protect them even if literally makes no sense
No... its just the typical way of writing about protagonists that go the basic hero route
As if you really have time to think about damage when you know that without quick reaction everyone is dead..
Hibiki is the most melee out of the group... Tsubasa could use her sword rain to get rid of the flying things, and Maria has her lasers
The fact the illuminatis say they are incomplete worries me they'll just hand them over god powers like what Tiki had last season
The flying noise wouldn't exist if Chris would've been there so they can't make it collapse
Its probably the same girl grown up
The gas masks were there because Ver had a bad stomach and used to fart alot next to them, isn't that the obvious reason?
I don't like the fact they keep on using Hibiki's alchemist super saiyan form, and this time with 4 arms because why not <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Yep
Its not because she used Gungnir specifically
She was bleeding due to being out of linker so it damaged her
She actually uses the gear in its intended design, with a freaking spear 😦
I know but if she happened to get it again she can activate it
Where exactly was that ever said? 😐
Maria can use atleast 2 different relics so who knows
Yep
They just gave her a drill as an attack because it fits her punching stuff
What does Gugnir and Gurren Laggan have in common? 😐
I wonder if Hibiki would actually summon Gungnir's spear even though she insists her armed gear is her fists, as that's what is actually supposed to be Odin's weapon according to legends and not her fisting gods
The Zababa duo also drugs themselves alot and go on overdose every once in a while but shrug it off in a few seconds
*power of love 😐
I don't remember what was the group's name, I'll ask the person who downloaded the seasons and recheck under a different sub group
That's what I am saying, I've seen it mentioned exactly once in G
I'll recheck the episode under a different sub 😐
She lost her arm on 5
Oh episode 4
Claiming that Fine created the Alchemy but "oh wait it was the illuminati" isn't a stupid retcon?
Unless the subs I was watching were stupid I don't recall reading that twice
On what episode was it?
<@!99695384296701952> I watched season 1 and 2 again just to make sure, they could just rephrase Fine differently. She claimed there is a potential for Fine to take over any descendant that shares her genes. They could easily say that those very genes store her existence to avoid season 2's bullshit with Kirika's Zesshou. Also, I don't recall Kirika ever mentioning that bullshit previously or afterwards, to whomever said she wanted to use her zesshou before but was stopped.
They just watched parts of it and decided to give a try to the entire franchise from season 1
You'd be surprised... people got hyped over XV ep 1 and it did bring some new viewers in that I got to know of specifically. They thought Symphogear is dumb and suddenly got hooked in
Ugh... most of the time animes with fanservice tend to receive bad impression from outside viewers, and suddenly stepping up the ecchi wouldn't just suddenly bring new people in
They shouldn't have made her transformation so lewd to begin with... it was quite obvious it'd lead to problems
I am talking in general. You see that this scene did get accepted while Kirika's transformation didn't so it means something was really wrong there whatsoever
I honestly don't see random body shots far away from the screen for a second to be fanservice, as otherwise you'd think Digimon is filled up with fanservice for characters being without clothes but also lack nipples and their genitalia because its not the point of those scenes. Yep, they could draw Chris with clothes and chose not to for some dumb reason but I don't see anyone getting excited over that
I am not the one who told them to change Kirika's transformation because its too lewd. There was apparently something over the top there and I don't get why they even got to that point to begin with
On season 1
Ecchi scenes mostly become problematic once the characters themselves focus on the fanservice as it starts rolling out of control
I am talking about the characters themselves, not the watchers
Did you see any character talking about Fine being naked and made the scene focus on that fact? No one treated her differently regardless of her clothes, and the writers for whatever reason thought that her being naked would make her feel strong
If they'd focus on Fine's butt and tits every second she appears on screen it would've led to problems for some people, but it was mostly in the background and no one actually paid attention to it, including the camera itself
But whatever
Ugh.... Chris' armor purger isn't really fanservice as you don't get a close up shot of her body with a slowly moving camera
I don't think fanservice would leave a good impression... and they could've added some behavior that would fit the character during the transformation instead of pole dancing and focusing on your butt
Most Engrish is horrible, there are very specific scenarios where the voice actor actually does Engrish well enough for it to be entertaining, and I don't think all of them actually know fluent English - they just know how to perform well with their acting skills
So if its that important to them they have to adjust
Well that's obvious, but Japan likes to throw in anime alot of stuff in English even if its not really needed because they think the language is cool
I doubt actual voice actors get that much unless they're special
Why would it be expensive to say a single line in English and the rest in Japanese? 😐
If your character is supposed to talk both in English and Japanese, just pick a VA that can do both. Pay for his/her overall job according to whatever agreement you've built with him/her and get it over with
There aren't that many roles in anime that require fluent English either way
The voices wouldn't fit regardless... they just need to hire voice actors that can use both languages for these specific jobs.
The Nephilim will bring him back from heaven <:Ver:336656981144109066>
It has nothing to do with pedophilic behavior, its just wasting resources on dumb stuff, that's all
If she had access to alchemy it doesn't...
There is no real reason for that... they needed an antagonist for season 1
Considering two small girls made her change her mind after talk-no-jutsuing her after how many times she existed? it feels dumb to me
I'd call it bad planning. They wanted to get rid of Fine for whatever reason and never planned what to do with her in the future as they didn't know if they'll be more seasons
She said her conscious is stored in anyone who is sharing her DNA, and she can come to the surface if they're exposed to the Aufwhatever wave
She could also become a gear user herself since the damage she'd receive from the linker would be fixed in no time, and she could raise her compatibility over time
Makes me wonder if we'll have a spinoff with a complete relic being crafted into a Symphogear... its supposed to be insanely broken unless they make some excuses
*Maria oops
Well... some people did come up with that theory when Kanade came with the black Gungnir, but others claim she just stole it from Kanade after her death... it was never fully shown so who knows.
Yeah well... I am just saying they can easily come up with some excuses for some new relics IF they really wanted to. The fact they limited themselves to the 7 we've seen in the show is mostly the fact they don't want to deal with creating new skill sets and "lore" for them probably - aka being lazy.
Grab relics from alternate dimensions - relics that didn't exist in the one the anime is currently at. Its not that hard to come up with this stuff, it just has to be planned quite a bit.
<@210253622192111618> Introducing alternative dimensions would solve this problem, if they want to be creative, that is. XDU is a prime example of using this gimmick but being lazy as hell.
Genjuro is as strong as the plot wants him to be.
The only reason Genjurou lost is because she pulled the "feelings" card like many franchises like to do (not only animes) when an ally betrays the protagonists
You could say that Genjurouu in theory can beat her, but the writers didn't like that idea so...
Exactly, which means that without Chris being alive they'd never know what's up until its too late. In the meantime she would've had so much more time to actually kill Tsubasa and Hibiki off and go with her plan without interruption
That's why he asked people to search everywhere what Kadingir is supposed to be
They never knew what Kadingir is, they never knew Ryoko is Fine or what is she up to. Genjuurou was just suspicious of her behavior, but they never had any idea what's her plans
The fact she threw Chris away is the reason why everyone found out she betrayed S.O.N.G
Because that'll clearly kill her..
She just sent some fodder noise after her
She told Chris when she threw her away "you know too much you have to die" and tada Chris ran away and Fine just ignored her
Noise are a weapon, not an actual entity, they don't exist for eternity outside of that Babylon realm or whatever
There was, and she never needed to keep Chris alive
She sped up the process because Chris told S.O.N.G about the existence of Kadingir
I am talking about situations before that
Its not that hard to make that scenario happen
How hard is it to spam noise like crazy around and just encounter the gear users when they split?
Yeah but even after season 1 they keep on pushing her everywhere, which means they want to get her involved in literally everything that had happened. They could just shrug it off and make more villains who are responsible for paradigm shifts in the human race throughout history instead of having Fine and friends
Who knows...
Also it felt like the writers didn't know what to do with her. They gave her 2 reasons as in to why she wants to blow up the moon and she kept on shuffling both of them randomly - they don't even connect and it felt really stupid when I rewatched that
Like she pretty much gave them the idea on how to beat her because she was stupid enough to tell them everything telepathically on episode 13 😃
I know, but what stopped her from killing Chris in the mansion, or fighting Tsubasa or Hibiki one on one and killing them? Nothing really. just like she didn't kill Genjuurou because "he doesn't deserve salvation" aka "no reason"
She could get rid of the Symphogear users before they were expecting her, but she didn't because reasons
If I'd be honest I also feel like Maria, Kirika and Shirabe are very flat characters, but since they are part of the 6 they get more focus (albeit mostly it feels repetitive)
What does that have to do with edginess? I like seeing him do random stuff, but he is simply a background character
Hm..?
I honestly wouldn't care whether he is dead or not, because he isn't really developed as a character.
I am aware of the real reason, it doesn't really matter
I just threw that out because that's the first think that came up in my head. The story just tries to exclude him out of everything with bad puns and excuses.
I don't expect Genjurou to win everything, he is just built like such a character. They just don't want him to be the main focus so he is as strong as the plot wants him to be. One moment he can destroy entire streets and on another one he is not doing anything because "its cold outside"
SAO is badly written regardless of tension. Kirito is flatter than the second Symphogear trio, he has a harem of girls without a real reason and everything feels badly written and out of place.
We don't know to what extent his power is.
Considering he pretty much destroyed an entire street by just punching Tsubasa's sword, he could just threw Fine away somewhere and destroy Kadingir
I see flat character as a character with little to no depth
<@185949743321579520> I think you've summed up a large part of Symphogear in a sentence lol
You can't claim to be pink and you'd suddenly become one
I know its your point, it doesn't change the fact its a very stupid concept
It was still stupid in GX that once Tsubasa decides she is no longer a sword they suddenly fizzle.
Yeah, we're just worried what are they going to do with Serena again, because for 3 seasons straight they didn't do anything with it other than mentioning it
Unless its an extended version of "oh she died fuck"
Her hair resembles Chris' one as she was younger but since she is with Maria than yeah we'll have something with that
They will probably switch visuals if the gods would actually take a bigger role this season instead of being mechas for the fodder alchemist trio
Fine, Nashtashja and Serena are the only "dead" characters in the OP atm from what I recall
No she wasn't
I know she is in the opening, which exactly worries me
If they want to pull Serena again they should actually do something with it instead of "oh I saw my sister dying ohoho I am sad"
She was invented as a replacement for Kanade and Kanade did more than her through flashbacks so who knows
They should just tell Maria she is a worse Kanade, it'll lead to enough trauma <:Ver:336656981144109066>
I don't really care about its original source... you can't decide a house is an elephant and it'd suddenly be treated as one
It has nothing to do with explaining stuff, it just feels like a very stupid concept.
Wait for season 6 when he is the main antagonist once they decide to revisit the original cast in like 20 years or so
INB4 Tsubasa's grandfather is actually her mother aswell but due to some alchemist shenanigans they changed his gender for the lolz <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Yeah but I am talking about design
Other than Vanessa both of the other girls just seem like they share an archetype with Maria and Kirika/Shirabe
More like perfect bodies for fanservice that is <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Yep pretty much
Also I don't like her design but that's because she seems like a character with overused tropes, just like the other 2 in the new trio
The only reason I hate Millaarc is the way she talks, its insanely repetitive and annoying
Or we'll have the usual thing where the villains get a wannabe redemption arc and sacrifice themselves for whatever reason
Fist her to death probably
Symphogear is based on formulas in terms of fight scenes really, they don't try to hide who will be fighting who
Too bad that the G trio suffer from lack of meaningful arcs and development huh
And while my reaction is obviously kind of exaggerated, it does hold some sense of truth to it.
Actually Nui's design fit her way more than Milaarc's design does. I don't really like the cutesy villains because it downgrades their impact IMO, but I was fine with Nui, as dumb as she was on some of the episodes, I never questioned her as a character. In Milaarc's case, I see her, I instantly think "wtf is this abomination remove her from the screen please"
I don't mind the dess, for some odd reason it doesn't annoy me. Maybe its a combination of her voice with highlighting the "ze" in every sentence
I know I am not, but villains can be hated and both look decent/menacing. She just looks like some weird cosplayer that took her idea a little bit too far to look like a fanmade character that some kid pulled off during his summer vacation on his 6th grade and thought she'd look hot.
Ugh... :\
Overall if they wanted her to look scary, giving her this short pink and white skirt with massively long nails isn't the best design for that...
And her actions are just "okayish", people hype her up because she killed some random kid, overall she got out of there alive to keep her involved in the plot even though she's fodder
The way she talks, she constantly finishes her sentences with "ze" for whatever dumb reason, which is kind of annoying for whatever reason I can't fully understand myself
A Chunni character can look cool if his/her design is done well... Millaarc just looks and acts stupid
Its much harder to communicate by typing over speaking with words for many people, so it is understandable if people misinterpret or ask for clarification
Yeah but sometimes when you experience something and start thinking how stupid it might be, it might ruin your experience. Just accepting the fact random stuff can appear at your screen with no logic whatsoever will sometimes let you enjoy the experience instead
You might be feeling that way because to a certain extent the outcome of any Symphogear season is quite obvious, and many scenes lack the weight they are supposed to have since its hard to take them seriously. As odd as it might sound from me as I tend to over analyze this series, maybe trying to "turn your brain off" and simply trying to experience the pure hype would lead to more enjoyable results.
Look at Death Parade for example - I don't really enjoy animes that every episode attempts to approach something else without being relevant to previous chapters. It was a very enjoyable experience for me regardless, and they did try to develop some sort of a storyline in the end, but didn't have enough episodes to fully flesh it out.
It did, but it doesn't have anything to do with budget. Its mostly about the quality of the source material - an anime can look bad due to the lack of funding or creative adaptation but would still be enjoyable if its original source would be written well
Yeah that might be a thing aswell... when Steins Gate was pulling something random I used to get more annoyed by it compared to when Symphogear does, but I guess its mostly because Symphogear does fill some sort of a niche for me that I find it to be enjoyable regardless
There is a limit to what extent I can swallow bullshit in anime though... looking at large parts of JoJo or DBS - I simply get to the point the show feels too stupid for me to enjoy even though people always say how perfect they are
I had a discussion with someone who tried to explain me that values and ideals can win over emotions in a harem series such as Hanayome even though it will feel completely fake. People tend to turn off their brain alot even if they don't admit that <@279341087494242304>
Sounds like a start of a new harem <:Ver:336656981144109066>
People tend to attack others over the internet even for the silliest reasons if they see fit , so being slightly protective and aggressive is fully understandable
Everyone does, its alright
And that's fine, like I've said, people might be understanding words differently when you're speaking them out loud compared to when you write them down. Sarcasm for instance is much easier to understand in real life compared to on the internet, depending on the situation ofc.
I don't think either of you did anything wrong, there was literally nothing bad you've done. You were just having a conversation due to different approaches, there is no reason to think there is anything bad here.
And I wouldn't mind him not showing up at all if it was established he isn't relevant. But since he had so much focus on GX, and how it affected Hibiki's behavior and perception, its weird how after making up he got deleted
Heck, where did Hibiki's dad go? After season 3 he no longer exists. Its another character that purely serves as a plot point and gets thrown into the garbage pile once they don't know what to do with him
It did change the character, her behavior and interactions with everyone. If she would've stayed the same I'd agree with you
That's the point - Symphogear has a problem with planning ahead of time, that's why retconning stuff would be understandable, because they don't fully think things through before letting them past the production phase
And Sonya was never mentioned previously
That's why introducing Sonya suddenly felt really random, as it was stated she never had anyone and suddenly she knows someone back from her past who cares for her
And her character did change very quickly to address the fact they ignore her past
I fully understand what they are trying to focus on with Chris. They just took the part she never had friends to begin with and explored that, but its a very small part out of what she had in the very beginning
She even developed a stockholm syndrome and it was never addressed... imagine if they'd suddenly decide that Kanade never existed to begin with by never mentioning her ever again - Tsubasa's character would get changed due to that, which is exactly what did happen with Chris. It is a retcon to a certain extent
You can't compare Chris in the end of season 1 to season 2, and people who experience trauma don't just suddenly get themselves fixed so easily. She does have problems, but they are very small compared to what she had to deal with
It is a retcon, just a subtle one, like I've said before. They don't straight up say "Oh Chris never had that and that", they just ignore it and in return Chris' behavior changed
Retcon is a change in something that has been established in the story. If a character is depressed due to its past experiences, and suddenly the experiences are no longer treated as a part of his past, then its personality got changed for no reason
They don't have to mention rape, but Chris suffered for many years and suddenly had a change of heart and now she is all genki and cutesy that cares about her kohais and wants to be treated as a senpai - that's a very fast shift considering what she had to go through
Like I've said, its just not established in the series itself, its just subtle
Characters treating that something never existed affects their behavior and interactions with others - it is one IMO
I am aware of that, and I fully understand if they will decide to take this route as simply denying that something exists feels like some sort of a retcon, it just isn't established in the series itself
Retcon is changing the laws and actions they established prior to that
So retconning wouldn't be that bad..
They introduce something and just throw it to the garbage can and hope people would forget eventually if they don't know what to do with it
We might have to expect some retcons this season <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
The fact they never mentioned the alchemist trio we have now last season really annoys me and makes me feel they didn't fully plan ahead everything in both of these seasons, so we might still suffer from not planning ahead of time
Fanfics don't really fix the original source, and if people invest so much effort into fixing something that is problematic in their opinion, they might aswell try to write their own thing instead of binding themselves to another franchise IMO
If they don't have an idea that would last for nearly double the length, it'd mean stuff would either be dragged out or we'll just have "filler" episodes
Ugh... the quality of the story while having 24 episodes entirely depends on the writers. Every season has some sort of these "random" scenes that don't feel like they really belong and felt like they were pushed there so they could fit enough content for the 13 episodes they were given
Talking about the Custodian magic part as a reason to make her show up again regardless of her sacrifice ^
It was also never explained how Fine can just implant her soul into her descendants' genes. hmm... maybe that'll be the gimmick to make her appear again
Was it ever said whether Custodians can ressurect the dead or not?
Maybe he will end up being a reincarnation of Fine' and through some Custodian magic she'll take over him <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Because they didn't really give her a decent problem in GX and AXZ... I mean they started this issue in her family and never addressed it
DW, they'll bring Hibiki's dad as a new villain to make her suffer from her past just like Tsubasa does <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Hope its not as horrible as I imagine it would be
They should never let people free control over this kind of stuff, as knowing the Japanese some of them just let their lust and hormones take over and they create garbage filled with alot of fanservice for no reason.
Ugh whoever is responsible for this is fucking stupid 😐
Are they really going to add bouncing sound effects to Chris' transformation scene...?
That's not true though... Phara even just swung at a direction Tsubasa's Thousand Falling Tears were flying to and they all just crumbled. They were obviously colored in blue so people could always assume its just "pure energy", but according to her previous uses it is just a large amount of swords falling from the sky.
Yeah but any actual sword that got close to Phara's swords broke instantly
But Tsubasa saw herself as a sword. How come that weapon didn't just break her body completely if its built on perception only?
Let's assume someone is partially color blind - he cannot see the color blue, and instead sees stuff as red. Does that make water to be colored in red to be a fact? No, because water is associated with the color blue. Suddenly deciding water is red wouldn't change that.
I understand it is related to cultural beliefs, but I don't think perception affects facts. In Symphogear apparently it does.
Yep, pretty much, they are in my opinion, because deciding whether something is a certain thing or another thing suddenly affects the way a weapon behaves leads to very dumb scenarios.
Once again, I clearly said many times that even though Symphogear is stupid, it is enjoyable
You can see and enjoy the series, I never said its not possible, but the fact so much information isn't even mentioned or displayed in the series itself makes it feel random, odd or just stupid many times. There are many times where seeing a character react in a certain way gets you to question the scene itself, or how some gimmicks they implant into the series even work before the writers/producer assume that either understanding basic concepts doesn't matter OR they think everyone reads those notes, which isn't obviously the case.
Ugh... that's one of the strong points of Symphogear though. Stuff shouldn't be making sense, as when they try to it mostly doesn't work. Alot of information you're gathering is written OUTSIDE of the series itself, as if they are aware of the fact they lack the ability to spread information properly so they write down notes and "key words" or whatever they name them.
I mean, even look at GX episode 1. Phara was literally a moment from killing Maria and suddenly there is a switch to not killing them but destroying their relics for some dumb plan. What would happen to Carol's plan if Maria would've been impaled by Phara's sword and died? Everything is stupid, that's the franchise <:Ver:336656981144109066>
<@124136423153467392> Isn't that what makes Symphogear Symphogear though?
I am fully aware of that
My bad
Oh nvm I misunderstood you
In MY opinion, Symphogear is stupid, and I enjoy it regardless.
😐
Exactly. I think Symphogear is stupid, but I enjoy it regardless, that's the point.
Some people think for instance that OPM is a well written show, some others think its dumb. I don't think there is full continuity in Symphogear - concepts are introduced out of no where and get thrown to the pile of "never get used once again" left and right. GX could've just been deleted and it wouldn't affect the overall plot. Some of the episodes weren't even fully based on the plot itself and felt more like a filler to fill in the 13 episode cap they received per season. Many things affect the way I see the franchise as a whole
Analyzing parts make the show not come together, as it was never designed as one. You could clearly assume there is little to no connection between G and GX, as they revolve around completely different concepts that got nothing to do with each other. G somehow handles a connection better as it tries to revolve around what had happened in the previous season. AXZ and XV don't feel connected atm, other than reminding us that Adam existed prior to that, and while we barely know anything about what'll happen in XV, the fact Adam somehow needed the power of god for that coffin was just thrown in without much thought.
I am aware of that, we are just talking about the concept of conceptual weapons and the fact I think that's a very stupid concept, that's all...
It was stated by the creator of Code Geass that if he would've tried to go for that anime these days he might've received a big no, and Code Geass isn't even THAT dark/depressive/heavy compared to what they can go for in theory
If you're not aware of the issue, many people responsible for giving anime a green light try to avoid depressive, heavy, serious or dark stuff as they think it is a risk. It has already been shown to them clearly that fan service, moe, slice of life, cutesy things are a safer bet in terms of making money, while heavier stuff are pretty much a coin flip as its much harder to write down a plot and make an anime that revolves around things that even in real life people have problems to deal with.
But it is a show that revolves around the power of friendship, love, feelings and songs that resonate in your heart. That's not really heavy, and those themes usually show up in shows that fit younger audiences aka children. We do have a few dark scenes, but you can't really compare between a very serious series that focuses on very heavy stuff to a series that shrugs dark content off the table whenever its not needed until the next time it is.
Yep sorry ^
Uh... I believe he just didn't like the design choices of his characters or something
They also did Steins Gate, but Steins Gate had animation problems during action scenes.
The funny thing is that according to some articles one of the reasons the anime got delayed was that the original creator didn't like the design of the characters in the anime itself. In return he got a completely garbage adaptation that might really destroy the reputation of his creation. Quite sad if you'd ask me...
Even the voice actors barely put any effort which is quite rare for a japanese product
Alright, we'll see how it goes 😃
I assume that most of the tension will be related to some of the maos that didn't decide to become Rimuru's besties after meeting him for a few minutes unlike Milim, or that demon that I forgot its name in the last episode of season 1
Yeah but for how long it was dragged on I expected a far more interesting scenario, instead of the "ohoho I am strong but he is stronger and he eats me now oh crap" type of fight
Well we'll see what happens in S2 then..
Also, slime was a cute isekai but it suffered from a lack of tension. Everything gets solved way too fast, everyone become Rimuru's friend extremely fast IMO and he gains incredibly strong abilities on regular basis with ease by eating stuff... its like seeing a slice of life anime in an isekai's settings, which isn't bad, but I had a slightly different idea when I've first heard of this anime
Also, Arifureta suffers from bad production. I don't really know how is the source material but it does seem like the typical isekai with the overused tropes that infest the market for the past couple of years.
By saying was I meant that Nana was popular back when s1 was released... that doesn't mean she isn't popular now
Symphogear is an already established franchise, and it quickly switches from a darker theme to a very light one for most of its time. There's a difference between a show that has specific darkish scenes to an entire show that revolves around heavy content. Japan doesn't like taking uncalculated risks with animes most of the time as production is expensive, and it was shown what's a safe bet and what isn't for them. They enjoy cute girls doing cute things, not a girl having a broken heart looking for a meaning in life. Symphogear was also a safer bet as Nana Mizuki was popular back in the day, and many people would watch regardless of the show's quality if they heard Nana is singing there on regular basis.
And its fine
I know it doesn't, but the themes in Symphogear clearly aren't mature
Synchrogazer was just an attack, not a completely functional gear.
Yeah I know... that line made me wonder if we'll ever have a Symphogear made out of a full relic to see what's the difference in performance but I guess we won't atleast in the original series
I bet most of the watchers never got that and thought they just threw a very big number for no reason
Keep in mind the users unlocked the X-Drive in season 1 over a few kids singing over a microphone so we can't even know how much phonic gain is needed for that to happen
I am stating that Carol said that her phonic gain output equals to 7 billion "swan songs", not regular ones. I think they just threw this number to show that they "increased" the threat level compared to last season, but didn't think it through. Its just like they threw 301 million locks on the Symphogear system for no reason
If people could just generate Zesshous left and right that would make zero sense
But its a song created by normal people. Zesshou is different, it generates much more phonic gain from one single song. Its much harder for the body to adjust to the large amount of energy and in return they receive damage according to the compatibility
Even if she has more help with 5 more gear users and ignite, still doesn't make any sense whatsoever
In GX her body is weaker as she is simply a human, and 7 billion songs.
Don't forget that during the second episode of G Hibiki's body was both enhanced by the relic fusion and had to deal with 3 Zesshou songs and it was still really painful and hard for her to use that energy
I think its just the typical "we made our villain too strong let's just bullshit our way out"
Unless you're talking about the "all of the world singing" because I don't think a regular person can generate enough phonic gain equal to a zesshou
How can you compare 3 Zesshous to 7 billion ones?
Zesshou used to be a big deal but they kept on nerfing it every season. It lost all meaning at this point
Well... I still don't buy the fact Hibiki and Maria can simply take up 7 billion zesshou songs at once and convert it to energy for X-Drive
They made both her and her autoscorers insanely overpowered and it never felt like it made sense for any of the gears to beat them up
More like, she lost because of PLOT
Yep, that's why I think she is stronger than all of the Illuminati but people never agreed with that over here
Just like Carol stated that the Ignite is very limited and she scrapped it because it can't generate much power and yet the Alchemists needed to disable it to beat up the gear users <:HibikiTired:422925410490253313>
Singing together isn't really a new concept though... they've been doing that since season 1
From Genjurou beating them up ^
If you'd look, some parts of her body were starting to regenerate before she pulled the part of the moon, so I honestly have no idea whether that's a mistake that some of the animators did or she herself just did it out of frustration
Would Fine's body even crumble if she wouldn't have thrown Nehusthan's whip straight to the moon? It seemed like her body started to regenerate again but couldn't after the armor broke apart from trying to pull a part of the moon
I don't think anyone is arguing here.. we were having discussions related to using a complete relic as a basis for a Symphogear, it just slowly moved towards the functionality of full relics and how underwhelming Nehushtan looked in the eyes of viliml
Ugh... Fine took Durandal and placed it inside her, how come it wasn't used exactly? I believe it was a power source of some sort
We were just talking about making a Symphogear out of a complete relic
I know, but that one time his damage did affect Ban to the point he received a scar, for no reason. Either way, I think you understand my point
Except for some Meliodas magic that made no sense ^
Hendricson or something I think
I just think its just a type of writing. If you'd look by the end of season 1 when they were fighting the demon version of ugh.. I forgot his name already, Dark Nebula dealt to everyone pretty much the same damage, but once Ban got jumped on he got split in half
Yep
And when Fine was fighting against Genjurou, to show how storng he is they decided to crack her relic a bit when he punched the ground next to her... they didn't do a great job in showing how durable its supposed to be
Also many noises were used as its shell, so its not Nehushtan alone that granted such powers
The big dragon form was a combination with durandal and Solomon's cane or whatever was the name of that thing
She blocked most strong things due to Nehusthan's whips or her Asgard, it didn't have much to do with the durability of the relic itself
I mean that there is some sort of a type of writing that downgrades regenerative things/characters, mostly because they can regenerate so the writers let them explode and receive a large amount of damage all the time just to show how they constantly regenerate
Nehusthan would look far stronger if it'd have very strong defensive and offensive capabilities and would regenerate incase something happens to it, but that was obviously not the case in this series
Sometimes he and the rest of the sins receive the same amount of damage, his body literally explodes while theirs remains intact, simply because he is immortal and the show likes to show it all the time
It also suffers from the "I am immortal" syndrome type of writing. If you'd look at the seven deadly sins, Bans received so much more damage compared to any other character, because his body can just heal itself with ease, even though he is supposed to be strong according to the lore. Nehusthan broke easily just for the sake of showing it can constantly regenerate, even though it gives an impression its insanely weak due to how easily it receives damage compared to a casual Symphogear
Hibiki turned berserk mostly due to her relic fusion, as otherwise she wouldn't have been able to even create enough phonic gain to activate it. We may never know whether that's the truth or not related to having to nerf down a complete relic for it to become a gear, but for all we know it might just function differently
I know how strong they can get, but no one in theory can just casually use them, that's why turning them into gear would make more sense
I just think her body was falling apart when the dragon was destroyed and then it started regenerating like usual until that moon scene, but maybe it is just an animation error
If you'd pay attention, parts of her physical human body were missing and suddenly were completely normal a few moments afterwards
Because they wanted to have a male villain that does nothing because he is too crazy to sing <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Yeah but it has nothing to do with burning places down... fire force was delayed because everything is related to fire there, in XV I doubt that's the case.
<@!182890099183190018> I doubt anything will be delayed. If we were on GX right now then maybe, as places were set on fire from the very beginning and it did resemble the incident yesterday
I said that Fine's personality has nothing to do with a season's length... I don't mind having longers seasons if there is enough content for that
You don't have to announce a brick exists, but you do have to have some sort of a layout for it to make sense. If we would have started venturing to differently timelines or alternative worlds in one of the seasons, but it would have never mentioned it was possible, or never mentioned that some people try to create some sort of a technology that would allow such things, it would have felt like it came literally out of nowhere.
Ugh... if you call a show stupid or a gimmick stupid it doesn't mean that there is nothing good about it. The idea behind the Symphogear is great, the voice acting is amazing and animation for the most part is very good. I just don't see a reason why would I focus on those when I try to start a conversation. Once again, I never intended to make people think that I instantly think my opinion is the righteous one and that everyone who thinks differently is wrong. I just like to see a story built up by blocks, one after another, in a logical way. For instance, Alchemy came out of literally no where, but on G they did mention the Illuminati and I really appreciate that fact, as it does mean they thought about it previously before introducing it into the series.
Several times I did say that taste my differ, and I never said that if someone thinks X and I think Y, it means that X is wrong
I noticed several years ago that I tend to be perfectionist toward things that I care about, so the stuff that seem imperfect for me bother me more than the good stuff
So when I analyze something I tend to focus on the bad stuff, as the good stuff is obviously enjoyable and what would be the point of talking about it with others
Well... I don't think you can have a conversation about how good "something" is
If I would have I wouldn't be watching the series
I don't call it trash...
I don't think it has to do with a season's length, and more to do with taking a generic villain personality and slapping it on Fine because they needed a main antagonist
Yeah and her lust for little girls or the fact she wants to rule over the world for an unknown reason because she is "evil" <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Either way I over evaluated Fine so I don't care much about her existence anymore 😐
It still felt forced...
She is shown in the opening, they throw her into literally everything in this series, and I wouldn't be surprised if she will do something in the last stand against the custodians or some other thing
Because if she will somehow show up on XV it will be a plot hole
What I am saying is - if you insist on pushing Fine into every occasion don't simply kill her off due to some dumb gimmick
Also, that giant Scythe was thrown with force, it has rocket boosters and it casually scratched Shirabe even though with that size and force it should have sliced her in half, but with that decision I am somewhat fine as I don't mind having her in the series, they should have just made it work differently
No, what I meant is that killing her off due to some stupid gimmick that was never mentioned ever again after being used, and was simply forced due to Kirika becoming suicidal after having her insist for 4 episodes or so that she doesn't want to disappear is bad writing. If they killed her off so cheaply, they should have simply not connected her to every single incident in the past that affected the Symphogear world.
Yeah, because I insisted that Fine should return on XV as it would make sense for her to interact with the custodians, as they keep on pushing her into every season and mentioning her because apparently she is related to anything that happens in the Symphogear world. People refused to admit that writing her out because of some dumb gimmick aka "Igalima soul cutting zesshou" is bad writing, but I am no longer sure I want her to show up again <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
It kind of surprised me how I appreciate GX now. I thought it was the worst season but I am no longer sure about that lol... hopefully XV would keep being entertaining
It was all related to conversations I had with people on XV-discussions in the past couple of days so I posted it here :\
Hm... I rewatched G again under a different sub as one of my friends wanted to start watching the franchise and I agreed to help him with that. I came to a few conclusions under it that changed my entire perspective related to my expectations of XV. First of all, Kirika did mention that slicing the soul thing twice, but the scene on episode 12 felt extremely forced, especially since she tried to kill herself after so many episodes where she claims that "she doesn't want to die/disappear". Also, the Igalima soul thing was clearly written for that specific plot point, Kirika was never scared of using it again, it literally no longer exists as a part of the franchise. Secondly, Fine got talk no jutsued by a 15 year old girl after having her agenda for hundreds of years, and claimed herself to play as a villain. Sadly for some odd reason I had some sort of an image in my head where she was a much better character and not the typical Naruto villain. I thought that her appearance would enhance XV's performance as a season but I am no longer sure that I want to see her living there due to having the image of her pretty much shattered (last time I watched G fully was like 4 years ago so I guess I mixed her with some other villain from another franchise or something like that), and also I like her VA so maybe it affected my judgment. Also, not really related to that - Dr. Ver is the worst Symphogear villain IMO, the only reason he is entertaining is due to Sugita. And ep 13 of G was filled with too much BS IMO, especially since apparently normal people can just sing Zesshous from the "song resonating in their heart", or the fact Hibiki can deal with "phonic gain worth of 7 billion swan songs" casually without having her body merged with relic fragments.
That's true, but you don't suddenly develop such behavior out of nowhere. Either way, I don't think it fits XV-discussions
But once again, its a show, not real life. I just don't think that behavior was fitting her character on that very specific scene, that's all... it doesn't have to go into darker subjects
I encountered people with depressive thoughts, and I studied about depressive behavior in general. Kirika's character doesn't fit any of the criteria related to that...
It has nothing to do with being dark though... I just don't see how it fits her in the scenario... but if you do then that's fine
Because there are many teens that tend to have suicidal thoughts, but most don't actually try to do anything harmful to themselves. She didn't think previously that maybe ending her life would be the right thing to do. Instead, she insisted on how she wants to live and be remembered.
That's the entire point, she never even tried to kill Shirabe, she just wanted her to stop resisting
I don't think she was ever going to kill Shirabe though. She wanted Shirabe to remember her before she vanishes from the world. The only reason she fought Shirabe was because their motivations were clashing - one thought that following Ver will save the world while another saw that Ver is a complete lunatic.
Yeah, at the last part of the fight Kirika and Shirabe learned that Shirabe is the reincarnation of Fine and not Kirika. Kirika felt guilty for the way she was behaving and just threw her scythe with the intention to kill herself
Her wanting to help everyone makes sense. It fits completely the character, as she does feel like the happy go lucky type of character. But from somewhat having to deal with a crisis that threatens her survivability and the fact she insists on living and being remembered to "oops I was wrong now I feel guilty so I will kill myself" felt unnatural for me... but alright I guess... others saw it differently.
I think Tsubasa was talking about how I called the ending scene of Kirika vs Shirabe scene on G ep 12 forced because Kirika tried to kill herself. I just thought it doesn't fit the character and was forced because they wanted to kill off Fine.
So, if for example, a person has a specific personality, that is kind of clear and understandable, and suddenly his personality turns 180 and he starts doing things that would never fit his old self, would you still consider it to be logical because from his point of view he still remains the logical one under his own perception?
But they somewhat gave up on that on AXZ
Yeah, I did notice that Naraa, that's why I don't think it would fit, unless they want to keep introducing different character arcs for every main girl each season
Well they didn't go Tsubasa - Kirika, Shirabe - Chris and Maria - Hibiki this season so it is a missed opportunity
Has more to do with wanting to sell new CDs, but the songs themselves were great so whatever <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
I just said the training itself wasn't really needed, as they could always split into groups
Never said it was pulled out of their ass, it wasn't even a new gimmick
I know what was the point of that, it just wasn't actually required
I am pretty sure the two main trios could go for unison songs without training if that's the case, so the training arc in AXZ wasn't that needed
Its impossible to know what's the difference between unisons to Zesshou as it was never stated and would never likely be. Also, singing together isn't enough, as you have to be in complete synch for unison to be effective/work
I never argued, BlackRaiden mentioned it after I talked about G 13 so I replied
Well 1 million percent was just the way Deku felt that moment
It is most likely a hyperbole, just like with Carol on GX ep 12
Its the output of every single person on earth that is questioned by me, not the fact they did generate phonic gain
I don't mind the world building phonic gain, just the fact every single regular person managed to generate enough phonic gain that would be equal to that of a swan song seemed kind of stupid for me, especially as swan song used to be highlighted as such a powerful song that most people would suffer great damage from its usage due to how much phonic gain it generates
I never questioned the motive for this fight
That's all
Exactly, she thought that not following Ver would result in Shirabe's demise. But once she figured out she isn't Fine, and they stopped fighting, suddenly throwing it was random for me.
The ending seemed random to me and out of character, but I guess I was wrong
Even giving Shirabe linker was logical
No, the swan song was completely logical
Like I've said, I interpreted that the entire development past the pseudo Fine reveal is her clinging to her remaining life because she doesn't want to die. The fact she insists so much about how much she cares about her existing made it feel completely forced for her to throw the scythe at herself after they even stopped fighting.
But she never actually tried to kill Shirabe, more like forcing her into submission
I know, that's why she was trying to stop Shirabe, as she wanted her to exist once she herself is gone. She wanted her to remember that once there was a girl named Kirika Akatsuki which she loved.
Well... I simply interpreted it differently then, as for me it seemed like she tried to cling into what she assumed to be left of her remaining existence.
Depression is general can be developed through 2 ways (more if you like to go for specific scenarios but I am talking about categories mostly here) - one would be brain dysfunction, either from having underdeveloped parts of the brain, a lack of serotonin receptors, or other psychological states that increase the likelihood of depression to show up. The second one would be environmental stimuli from "unpleasant" experiences (I would rather not specify for the obvious reasons). It doesn't just pop out of nowhere in one second, it is developing gradually.
I don't think Noise are treated as relics but maybe it can consume them aswell
Thinking about Solomon's cane and the interaction with the Noise - if on G 13 they would've forced the Noise to attack Nephilim, would both go on an endless battle?
^Btw nothing stopped the alchemists from separating 1 person from the others with the space trap so unison wouldn't work but they never thought about that probably I think <:MariaConfident:336657338729627658>
Pineapple noise when
Might be changed in XV though
Also the fact certain characters never interacted before is just the way they write the show, as they still brand them off as two trios instead of a group of six
Even Hibiki doesn't have an actual one <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Unless they'll introduce a sunglasses noise that can sneeze hamburgers
Probably the usual slice of life stuff
Maybe a secret alchemy user
Makes you wonder what would happen if Gen saw One Punch Man <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Actually I think their phasing ability is up to interpretation, as Gen was able to stop them "mid jump" by lifting concrete
Ugh... it doesn't really deny it though
Well Ver was using some of its cells in his own body so there might be some mish mash logic that would lead to that
Who knows... it was never stated
When Ver was controlling them and they started attacking that tall building where Hibiki and Miku were at they started exploding on the building itself and caused the fire and everything to collapse
Actually I am not sure about that. On certain occasions they just smash through things and explode, and on others they phase through them
They only target humans when they are free, but Solomon's Cane can control them
Hmm index syndrome <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Unless they go for the ||"we powered up through the custodian relics so now we are back for revenge"|| type of plot. They insisted on keeping that thing alive so it might be possible sooner or later
I hope it doesn't get dragged for too long with ||Millaarc|| though
Had no idea, I thought the series is in a really niche spot out of Japan
There are other Symphogear discords?
Really? didn't notice that
Yep
I won't say anything until people see ep 3 though
Oh crap my theory might have been right
Beyond the Blade, Radiant Force, Gekishou Infinity and a few more songs were great in ignite
I don't really like they simply threw the gimmick out of the picture as it did enhance some of their songs, but they never really "earned" it legitimately
😮 there are 2 transformations this episode
||Sniper mode is bad <:ChrisCharge:586320496346529792> ||
Also she did the bang thing again <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Still, it looks like it wasn't intended to be lewd unlike the Kirika transformation so I am happy
Oh it was called Grenadier right
Yeah it is, there was that blonde anime girl that bounces bullets to reload her gun
Depends on the situation. I really love them but shoving them whenever you can regardless of context isn't that great in my opinion
The Chris transformation looked amazing but the boobs part wasn't really necessary...
It will break only if its made from the same materials as Tsubasa's motorcycles
Let them reinvent the wheel in a spinoff and let's see what they come up with instead
Its nothing new
But Symphogear was always built on formulas
They'll probably go x-drive with some weird alchemist gimmick in the finale
They no longer have that photoshop aura around unlike AXZ's finale, so maybe rebuild got nerfed <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
That revolver deals the least amount of damage out of her entire arsenal, I just think it was used for the "cool factor", as its barely effective
I did expect her to spam missiles or something during the transformation as Hibiki was punching the air, but apparently that wasn't the case
Yeah I know, but nothing about Chris as of right now
Uh... up until the BDs we won't really know unless they'll mention it
Its not really up to speculation
Chris' transformation clearly is missing something. She doesn't even have the stone in the background in the beginning
Episode 13 would have all of Japan as directors <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Tsubasa somewhat fits the usual generic Japanese taste though... they like really slim girls
If you want an actual thicc character you should be looking for Ver's mother <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Its not really thicc
In G it was stated the time is 2012
Well in the Symphogear universe they're currently at 2014/2045 so...
She is simply android 16 but with some organic parts
I'll have to look over G again to find it, but it was clearly below a live footage of the Nephilim being held by Ver, so it makes no sense the archive suddenly stops and for it to be placed right next to new footage
I checked the date thingy in G to check if it is just an old archive or one that is still being built in real time
Actually the archive thing is not true. I am pretty sure the latest archives were showing the Nephilim currently being under Ver's care in that cage whatsoever. It makes no sense he'll have Nephilim for 30 years and that the "latest" one would be for more than 30 years ago
Either way, we literally got introduced to her personality on this episode. We didn't see any growth, as she remained the same from start to finish. Episode 2 barely showed us anything related to her, assuming her personality off that very specific fight with Tsubasa that lasted for a minute isn't possible. Just because she killed someone and then suddenly cares about something, doesn't show any depth. Once she grows, or changes, then it would be different.
Sure.
We never even got to know her in episode 2
In literature, readers often see growth, change, and conflict carried out in a character. One-dimensional characters in stories are those that never change. Where exactly do you see growth?
Oh sure, I am wrong because caring about something means you are suddenly not a fodder character written completely to lead to something else. Much depth indeed, clearly not one dimensional
Just because she cares about Vanessa and Elsa she isn't?
I did say she was sharing one aspect with human beings. As of right now she is one dimensional
Ok... and?
She is though... where is the depth exactly?
Some people were saying previously they are trying to make her cute and stuff
Just because a character sees someone and family and wants to "protect" them doesn't mean they are redeemable. Antagonists to begin with aren't supposed to see themselves as evil, so it doesn't make sense that just because she shares one aspect with human being she is suddenly a good person
Or maybe one if Fudou ends up ressurecting the Custodians and it'd turn out he works for them
Or Rider being useless all of the series just to throw a world-size noble phantasm to block Karna just so Sieg could win <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Season 0 had a darker theme regardless of what they were trying to do
I am mostly talking about duel monsters
The original series did a much darker setting for certain parts
One of the issues with Yu-Gi-Oh is the English dub that somewhat made everything kid friendly and made people think the anime is all about the power of friendship and the heart of the cards
Yeah but if we'll give a synopsis for most animes they'll sound weird. Kill La Kill had a pretty large fanbase and it had one of the weirdest ideas for a shonen anime
Yeah but already existing anime fans think Symphogear's gimmick is weird and refuse to give it a try. I did manage to bring a few friends into the franchise, but other people simply hear "singing and fighting together" and think its stupid and say they'd rather watch Dragon Ball or Naruto... go figure...
That's like refusing to give Attack on Titan a try because its "bigger zombies", I'll never understand that reasoning
Most people who refuse to give it a try in the west mostly think its weird because fighting and singing usually don't go together
Guess the internet didn't discover the meme potential yet
Well it looks really well made, I would like to see the final product once its ready
Are you aiming for a Chris cosplay or just the gun itself?
Was there a time where an anime was really popular but still failed as while many people were watching it and talking about it all of the time not enough people bought the product itself?
I wouldn't be surprised if Funimation is capable of pushing a high quality dub, but unless they brand it as "Dragon Ball but with singing girls" it wouldn't work
Imagine Tsubasa voiced by Taylor Swift... oh no <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
A Symphogear dub would be really expensive if they want high quality singers... unless they pick up some random pop stars that no one ever heard of
2011 is not that old...
I know, but people these days want things to be fast and to blow up their expectations from the get-go. That's why its odd that Symphogear started strong and Madoka didn't and the latter won most of the attention
But if you'd ask me, Symphogear had a much stronger premise. The first episode of S1 was great, unlike Madoka that started very slow and only got to the real interesting part later on
One of the issues was that both Madoka and Symphogear have the same VA as a main character, and S1 visuals really do somewhat resemble Madoka, so I can see why people would compare between the two especially since they got released pretty close
Might be just an inserted line
Yami said that his mind crush got rid of Kaiba's evil side or something like that during episode 1
Wasn't the mind crush the reason why Kaiba changed slowly? Or was that another one of the pushed lines from the dub that I never questioned?
Yeah season 0 was with a much lower quality
He actually did that a few times during DM aswell, but they ditched that gimmick very fast
I'd see it probably as a spinoff that failed (season 0)
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
It is one of the most popular even right now even though its in a somewhat unplayable state due to power creep and the lack of formats
Also because the anime served as promotion for the card game
I think Yugioh got so popular because of that parody... I really like the English dub even though they dumbed stuff down with the shadow realm and the fact violence got censored too much
I am pretty sure the last season of GX never got dubbed both because it had to deal with a creature that was supposed to be the source of all evil (forgot its name) and evil Judai/Yubel slightly shifted the material to something that would scare kids
So they just show the result in the end and that's it
I don't think its specifically showing lesbian relationships, and more with the fact they avoid writing romantic relationships as its not the focus of the series and they don't really know how to mix those things together
Maybe we'll have an end of season time skip like most animes tend to do, and then we'll see them officially together
Maybe she is the only girl in the main cast that isn't interested in girls, who knows <:ElfneinWeld:586027421296492585>
Only Chris is alone
And obviously the Zababas
I am pretty sure that Maria/Tsubasa is canon
Obviously, I never really thought the crap I came up with would make a season good
They could always make Maria figure out after the interaction in AXZ that she is more attracted to Chris if they wanted some Tsubasa drama <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
I guess Death Parade is a prime example of that which is a real shame :\
Meh... it usually goes together
But if you fuse with it its supposed to fix your body, so it essentially fixes the damage is inflicts by itself aswell
According to that logic Nehushtan is as effective as divine powers <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
It wasn't even Adam's power to begin with, and Hibiki didn't really show great feats while having it herself
Adam was busy spending his precious time bathing naked with his loli doll
I mean, all of the alchemists but her were afraid of Ignite <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Carol felt way more dangerous than any other alchemist
Adam could win against Carol if he'd just throw his indestructible overpowered hat
SG threw her life away to turn a missile into glitter and what bothers you is how they suddenly have new forms out of nowhere?
They should use her in a spinoff
Her VA has a much better voice than most of the main cast
Well then they copied that idea into the show then
It was kind of obvious they'll do that Saint Germain thing as Symphogear 2018 had her VA sing with Hibiki this very specific song and it made no sense back then why
Depends on how many subbers work there... if there is a small amount of them then it can actually be very beneficial
I don't think many people cared much about the slavery thing as Naofumi never treated her as an actual slave, he pretty much did save her. But why do we even start the story to begin with with that stupid idea when an episode prior to that he had to deal with completely different topics 😐
Yeah its the anime about someone who got hate because a princess tricked him, and he bought a female slave raccoon that instantly fell in love with him. Later on he pretty much built a loli harem and the entire storyline lost its focus imo.
There are few specific ones that are still enjoyable. Tate no Yuusha started very well and kept on dragging its feet to its own grave relatively fast. If it would've kept the same quality of episode 1 instead of turning into a loli harem with a bunch of idiots who hate Naofumi for no reason it might've been better.
<@132577277262168064> Good job, the isekais of this season are purely bad
I loved every single season of Symphogear when I first watched them, because I didn't bothering thinking too much about what is happening and just enjoyed the experience. The more you think about them the less hyped you become. I remember when seeing Chris and Maria in AXZ the very first time I loved the fighting sequence so much, but as I kept rewatching it I figured out it wasn't really that special
Good luck surviving the isekai spamfest of the week
Outside of very specific people I haven't heard of much love towards G
Season 1 gets hate just because people like to compare it to Madoka. It suffers the least from "lol what the fuck" moments
But they all got their gear changed, so I doubt they wouldn't get something new
I really hope we don't have another GX-like arc where each episode another user gets to use their new form...
Hibiki can channel the spirits of the dead <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Actually that "milf isekai" thing is written by a female, and its just an ecchi fantasy bait with some "comedic" scenes... its just the normal approach Japan goes for these days. Bouncing boobs are much easier to sell compared to a new idea that would be far riskier.
Oregairu receives alot of love because everything is overly dramatic and characters in that series try to overthink pretty much everything instead of dealing with their emotional baggage makes people consider it to be deep and interesting. It does bring a new approach to harem animes, but most situations could've just been solved very quickly if they'd stop acting like every single interaction between them is so intense and hard to deal with, and instead try to talk it out.
My bad, thanks
Oregairu is one of the better "harems" out there, and the finale of season 2 simply made me and my friends want to drop this series because of the obvious bait just so people would buy the VN... I honestly don't understand how people don't get tired of this crap
In both situations the MC is completely dense, has no real motivation or an actual decent personality and girls just randomly throw themselves at him for some superficial reason. Also, the plot never actually progresses as otherwise a harem would cease to exist, so once a topic that might improve the plotline shows up, after its arc is over its quickly forgotten.
We would've probably had more generic harem trash if SAO wouldn't have exploded
Or force Kaneko to write a spinoff in which everyone gets killed but Kanade and Serena, and then they'd be forced to update the gears
The secret is that Genjuuro broke his limiter just like Saitama, and he is simply using a wig to hide the fact he is bald
Someone should inform Trump he is the main cause behind the amalgam Symphogear, maybe it'll make the franchise more popular in the west <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
I thought the oldest people were in Europe
Well he is alive for more than 100 years, and if he would've been an alchemist I doubt he'd keep his body in such an old-like state. So unless he has extremely good genes something here is odd
Well Ogawa isn't there so he can ninja their way out
Unless Fudo actually has some sort of a relic the government can't do anything to the gear users, so they aren't actually forced to stay low
Obviously
Old animation style is beautiful, but for that to ever happen again we either need new cheap technology that would speed things up or for the market to stop producing so much garbage every season
Just slap in Nagai with a decent schedule and OPM 2 could've been very well done, but nope, we got Sakurai that many people dislike because his previous projects weren't good to begin with
No one really expected them to though. Season 1 was great and sometimes it wasn't even close to being as detailed as Murata's designs. It just has to be enjoyable, which OPM 2 clearly wasn't for most people
It has nothing to do with details in OPM's case. JC staff just had a very horrible production schedule and the people responsible for character design, sound design and color design were really bad
SG's v2 has no problematic design though, unlike the oversexualized Cag

Yeah her V2 alongside SG are far better
I think this version is far better than her AXZ counterpart

Yeah that's one of them... they look way better
Oh it seems like they had a different concept art
Yeah, I've seen pictures of a somewhat altered gear and IMO it looks way better than what we had in AXZ
Did the faust robes of the AXZ trio get an upgrade on XD-U or did they have different design concepts at the very beginning before AXZ aired?
I want to hear Ver singing again
Who knows, maybe next time we'll have someone else as a spirit <:ElfneinWeld:586027421296492585>
They'll get their turn don't worry 😉
Nah its just that Hibiki is the "main character" so she gets to do everything before everyone else
The designs of everyone got changed together
Considering everything there is still bouncy I guess she is really heavy. Her fat covers her rockets <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
First of all they need to change the way things work as of right now. Animators should receive more money for their work, committees need to understand that low quality products result in people abandoning their beloved franchises and they need to understand in general that producing 50+ animes every season, that over 80% of them are purely garbage is a very very bad idea.
Nagai isn't really a new director though, he was responsible for quite a few others. He just failed in many of his projects previously and that's why people dislike him
I have no idea how Nagai will be in the future, but JC Staff already has some very good adaptations by other directors. They just slapped this guy in because they didn't even have enough time to deal with that project. The committee responsible for that are completely dumb.
Redline is one of the best looking projects out there, but it took like 9(?) years to make. I don't think its even profitable
CGI scorpion <:ChrisCharge:586320496346529792>
I also liked the unison gimmick in AXZ but it is so formula driven that it gets annoying after experiencing 3 times in a row
Peak gear for me is the beginning of every season and ignite for the first time (if we ignore the cringe infested scene prior to that with how they deal with their emotions)... I don't think anything can compare to that
I think I somewhat understand why the XV transformations feel incomplete compared to Hibiki's, unrelated to the missing parts of some of them. Whomever worked on Hibiki's transformation made sure that during the sakuga moments the screen itself would be far away from her, by making sure they show the surroundings and the camera kept on following after Hibiki's movements. In the other transformations, the camera itself was way too close to the characters themselves in most of the transformation sequence, and sometimes the camera itself feels like its moving way too fast, which makes it feel like they didn't invest as much time on those.
Unless they forgot about that plot from AXZ
Oh they also need to talk about Shirabe's past
Let's have another tomato arc <:Ver:336656981144109066>
I just don't like the power of nakama being the ultimate power source of everything
I never said it doesn't show up in other franchises
I liked the fact they were singing together but it just felt cheap
It was an asspull regardless..
So I honestly don't know what to expect
I don't mind people staying dead but they just killed Germain to make glitter out of a missile just to bring her soul back as a pseudo power boost next season
Maybe Shem ha can bring back souls and then we'll have a final interaction with Kanade and Tsubasa <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
The Sonya part in AXZ was just forced. They never really explored Chris' past in a good way. I mean, in GX she was too busy thinking about how she is supposed to be as a senpai. I don't think a person who suffered so much would bother dealing with that even though she started developing connections with others
Yeah... I honestly don't see how they can just shove everything in
How come? We also have Chris' parents showing up in the opening, Fine', the custodians, Fudo, Trump and probably some other stuff I forgot about
Yep... that's why I don't think they'll touch the Kanade thing
They don't really have time for all of that though... Kirika and Shirabe just existed in GX and AXZ, they started getting some spotlight this season. Maria was just constantly being weak for the most part, and they need to develop her aswell with that Serena show/flashback whatsoever. I don't know if they'll have time for everything
Every single user constantly moves around but Chris, as she has the longest range and doesn't need to, unless she uses small weapons like her guns. Hibiki is the one with the closest range due to fighting with her fists and lacking ranged abilities, which forces her to constantly jump around...
It isn't a critical misunderstanding. They were building on how Hibiki uses her hands instead of an actual spear like Gungnir was intended to because of that
I do want a sakuga transformation sequence though for the new forms :\
That's how Symphogear goes usually so it'll be surprising if its different
It actually started from GX
lul
Well she no longer fights with her actual hands so it obviously doesn't fit the character that insists on "holding everyone's hands"
I wonder if Amalgams would receive a transformation sequence like Ignite or not
I don't see how someone killing themselves is an actual redemption, but its just a Symphogear gimmick that shows up every season so you just get used to that..
*not
Ignite was used in GX on episode 6, ont 4
They never had to actually kill those 3 on AXZ if they planned on using them in XV... but its Symphogear so bad guys also die just to be used as a power boost next season
Fine should've thrown Nokia on the moon, easy win for her
😦
Its made out of a billion old Nokia phones... look how hard it knocked Hibiki down in AXZ
Adam's hat is indestructible what are you talking about
Where is Adam's hat though, it could have been the biggest power boost in Symphogear to ever exist 😦
Inb4 Tsubasa Fudo unison
Just like Hibiki took Kanade's song on S1 and changed it
Or just update it to fit the current scenario
If they make some new updated version of it then sure, it was a great song
I am not talking about their actual actions. They just feel like they don't contribute anything to the season. Imagine AXZ had that wannabe nazi army in the first scene dragged on for 4 episodes before moving to the alchemists themselves
We have enough things to deal with, those random trio just feel like they were pushed in to fill a few episodes that lacked enough content
They never were supposed to exist IMO...
They just existed there to have a new trio, probably so they won't have to repeat GX's mistakes
I mostly think that Prelati and Cag had no real ideology and simply followed SG as they adored her. SG thought sacrificing others for the better good is the only solution, Hibiki didn't really show another way other than "the power of friendship"
The thing is that with Chris it is understandable, she was completely confused, a damaged teenager herself, that thought that self sacrifice and harm are the way to go. She never trusted anyone but Fine, and was surprised when a random girl aka Miku suddenly helped her without wanting anything in return. Her switching was fast but understandable. The Alchemist trio having such a fast switch felt unnatural. Imagine Carol going by the end of GX "lol oops I made a mistake I want to be friends now ok thanks bye", which was somewhat avoided as she fused with Elfnein.
Hibiki is the typical happy go lucky dumb MC that appears in every shonen anime and insists on being friends with any living being, and they just buy into that because she is nice or whatever
Old people don't tend to change their motivations so fast, especially not from interacting with kids that clearly have no idea what they are doing most of the time
That's why Hibiki wanting to give Vanessa a chance feels like another one of those "we are going to be friends and then they'll die due to some reason whatever haha"
I just don't think Symphogear villains are handled well. All of them get talk-no-jutsu'd which is weird, considering they exist for hundreds of years, build very specific ideals and motivations, and then change their complete behavior and worldview after encountering a few teenagers who sing feels bland to me
Their deaths felt lackluster and very formula-based. Their final scene felt forced as hell - Alchemy can do so much stuff and instead of teleporting that rocket or doing something else they sacrifice their life force so it doesn't explode felt like "oh yeah we need to get rid of them lol whatever"
If you'd pay some attention most Symphogear villains never really are supposed to die, but simply suicide or die due to some silly circumstances because Kaneko thinks its a good way for redemption
He didn't really do anything in the end either
Came out of Adam? <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Especially since she kept on posing all the time like a JoJo character
lol some of my friends refer to her little sister as her stand due to how it functioned
Atleast she had a super saiyan form that didn't do anything other than burn her clothes
I thought Autoscorers are made of Alchemy
She needed something to defend the Chataeu and that defense system was clearly not good enough
I know, but I am talking about post the cursed energy plan
Also, thinking about it, what stopped Carol from creating an army of Autoscorers instead of just throwing thousands of Noise that were proven to be useless in battle?
He planned on getting Maria pregnant after slapping her and calling her useless, don't forget that <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Ver had so much time to get ready as he had years before the moon's fall, but instead he just did some random crap and threw an underdeveloped Nephilim at the gear users and went crazy when he figured out its not strong enough to deal with them
Every Symphogear villain had a plan. They always get fucked midway and have to do some random stuff to lead to the season's climax, but it doesn't mean they were actually using their brains while planning to avoid failure
Or he wanted to take his clothes off but the animators didn't let him
Maybe his hat fell on his head so he lost consciousness
He was too busy destroying reality itself by cracking the screen or something
Its just funny how he literally froze every single gear user but Hibiki and Tiki stopped him before he could launch his attack. Everything didn't work right for him at the same time
Well to be fair it is somewhat unfair that they pulled that bullshit conceptual anti god thing for Hibiki out of their asses
He was supposed to be such a strong alchemist and his most remembered scenes are that gold transmutation, throwing a hat and losing because someone had to stop him and Tiki out of all characters suddenly had to remember she is horny
Ahh good old Japanese work ethics
I did watch that part before XV aired, I don't know what's their relationship in general so I can't really assume what's the cause for that to happen
Are Aoi and Minako good friends or did she just think it would be cool to have that happen?
Does anyone know what is the name of the final song that played on Steins Gate 0's final episode's ending? The theme sounds very similar to the one played in Maria's XV transformation, I am trying to compare between the two but I can't see to find the SG 0 one outside of the actual episode
lol thinking something is stolen because they literally saw a phrase in a song that people were using long before MHA was even created... shounen fans are as dense as harem MCs
Powercreep is evident in a series that is all about transformations, but for all we know X-Drive might be getting stronger each season. You can't really measure the "power level" of every form as they just throw in new attacks and forget about them whenever they feel like it, and we can't know what is stronger
Her stretching things that push her would have the same effect though, it lets her change the direction in which her body moves mid air
Probably her self esteem
So it seems like the animators spilled ketchup on Tsubasa again by mistake <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
If Noble Red would've collected more data they'd see a pattern in Hibiki. Instead of killing so many innocent lives they could've just "befriended" Hibiki and asked for help from her. I doubt she'd refuse even if they belonged to the Iluminati as long as they don't just kill random civilians. But I guess they simply knew about Ignite and more basic information and that's it
I think they already mentioned somewhere that Elsa is the smart one. Vanessa is simply the one who grabbed them together and sees herself as the leader because "she got there first"
I hope that we'll have a custodian with Takehito as a VA and that he would have to sing while making sure he sounds crazy like he does on some of his jobs as a villain
Well all I am saying is that they give a very similar vibe... Miku wasn't that relevant until XV and we don't really know whether she'll be relevant or will be used as a vessel instead
Yeah but then she gets kidnapped by that religious group (god's right seat or something like that, its been a while since I've read the source material), and then her self defense mechanism works alongside Fiamma and thus she fights Stiyl and such, pretty much like Miku in G with Ver
Miku and Index serve a very similar role... it might change in XV but if we don't look at very "specific" points you can replace one with the other and not much would change
Miku and Index are so similar, they are used as a love interest for the MC sometimes, while most of the time get forgotten and aren't that relevant to the main plotline. Also, they eventually get kidnapped and something forces them to fight "the good guys". Hmm <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
I wonder how it feels for Iguchi Yuka to play 2 very similar characters over 2 different franchises
The actual secret is that Miku was a male all along
People say its like Miku's song
Kaneko appears in flesh in the anime and just deletes Genjuuro because they can't afford his VA anymore <:Ver:336656981144109066>
He punches himself due to confusion and explodes
Nah Milaarc would kill him just so people will pay more attention to how "great" of a character she is <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
As long as its ketchup everyone does
I am not sure if the stuff you are afraid of would ever appear in Symphogear but sure..
Its Symphogear what can you even be afraid of lol
Of what..?
It will probably have to do something with the power of friendship and love
This time they have that relic
If you don't remember after Hibiki destroyed that big arm the "god power" simply spread around and then just entered her as she was the only "vessel" in the area that could use it
Last time they didn't have an actual relic but just a source of power that got no where to go to
If she knew how to activate this thing
She can wield the god power, and they pretty much grabbed the gauntlet themselves, so in theory she could do that for them
Hmm it seems like the ending has 8 small orbs of light. 6 represent the main cast, there is a purple one that is probably Miku and there is another big one that is supposed to be light blue. Maybe it has to do with Tsubasa, but she already has a blue one in another place so I have no idea if that's supposed to be a new gear user or is just some sort of a symbolism for a new main antagonist
Well they could slow down the camera under some scene instead of animating a melting snowman that was in the middle of the street for no real reason
Then why even make a snowman instead of just removing it all together?
I don't think they'll actually go and change already made episodes because of that incident
But I guess its all based on personal taste
I did like they tried to give Tsubasa her old songs' vibe but it still doesn't match in terms of how great her old songs were compared to now imo
Its also weak this episode because we know Miku and Elfnein won't die. However I consider it to be one of the better episodes of XV so far
That's just because "taking over the HQ" was used as a shock factor. Symphogear likes to spam them on each and every episode if possible 😛
"You're not allowed to use Amalgam or you'll be under arrest" yeah sure
Also seems like the idea of controlling the HQ got ditched very fast
They could've killed millions of people on GX's finale but everyone got restored. Kaneko doesn't want to kill fodder humans unless for shock factor
Because letting a hero kill civilians isn't something Symphogear wants to do obviously
lol that bait with the Alcanoise exploding but they made it seem like Tsubasa experienced another person bleeding
Guess not
I thought it was destroyed beyond repair
She just hands everyone a hot beverage whenever needed
The blue haired girl is somewhat normal (forgot her name)
Define normal lol
I wonder if Fudo decided he wants to impregnate his son's wife for the sake of "the purity of blood", or simply got someone pregnant and then forced one of his sons to marry her
Yeah Fudo is the angry japanese grandpa
Unless Fudo is the male version of Fine <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Eh... its either Fudo, a custodian or Fine's grand schemes
A logical person would've tried to get out of that prison instead of showing up in the middle of the battlefield to let everyone know he is back
Carol wouldn't just go save Ver randomly. He was there by a coincidence and joined her because he is crazy and dumb
Why did they hold relics and Ver in the same place at the very same time is something you should be asking the government
No, I'd probably kill him. But from a point of view that isn't filled by rage it might've been beneficial to keep him alive
Having him as a pseudo ghost like Germain wouldn't be anything surprising... unless he somehow survived because he is part relic
They could always make the gears defend him during the explosion just incase they won't be able to generate anymore Linker but they didn't so eh...
He did 33 anime roles in 2018 alone
Sugita is too popular
Unless he is the main antagonist of this season in disguise and that'll be the actual plot twist, and instead Milaarc is now half dead <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Yeah
Its assumed he is pretty much dead so too bad
I don't really consider the new trio to be anything but fodder but I am biased as I hate them..
Yeah, a fodder villain killed a fodder girl. We've already seen Noise killing people including small children. But having a main character kill civilians should've led to a different kind of story and they don't want to touch that.
Would've been really interesting if they did do that though, I won't deny that
And it doesn't fit Symphogear, they don't want to touch this kind of territory as they had many opportunities to get there but always skipped that area
Yep pretty much
Eh... I honestly don't see that happening as it means they'll have to completely change the following episodes in this season, unless Tsubasa killing people had very little attention overall
Most Symphogear moves don't get as much frames and attention to details
Yeah but this specific scene with the great animation actually looks like the good old Bleach episodes when a captain releases his Bankai for the very first time
It looked amazing
That scene makes her look like a shinigami from Bleach releasing her Bankai
Is it just me or when Tsubasa is jumping from the building on the flying noise it seems like her face is in distress but her voice just becomes louder instead of the usual shouting mid song? I am not sure if its intended or not
<@216181207874928640>
So we can't really know what she is up to
Yeah but we've never seen her interact with a boy her age unless you consider shooting Stephan's leg off as interaction
She barely had any interactions with males tbh, but for all we know she might not be interested in anything
When did Chris show interest in a girl?
But she seems too awkward when people show affection around her so its impossible to know what she wants
I honestly think Chris is the only girl out of the main cast that isn't interested in girls
Or she'll find a Miku 2.0 just like Tsubasa found a Kanade 2.0 <:MariaShock:423196877354303498>
Nah she'll just go berserk and will somehow learn how to travel between dimensions and will grab a new Miku
Hmm what if instead of destroying the moon they'll just push it out of the solar system? <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
And when something "very dangerous" would show up after X amount of seasons, they can do a reunion of the old cast as non-ecchi fanservice
Hibiki is too genki for that. It'll make sense for Tsubasa to do that though
Oh god I never want a Symphogear live action
Or just bring back Fine, let her make new gears for another team and then kill her until next time
Nah I am just throwing random ideas because its fun
Then they'll have a reason to make a spinoff - Symphogear on Mars
Nah they'll destroy the moon, the story will end, and then in Symphogear live 2020 we'll have a teaser "Oh we've meant that the current moon arc is finally finished, the series itself will continue due to all the moneyz we gain"
Let's fix Kadingir and make America pay for it <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Oh yeah same director and all as 5Ds
Because these types of attacks don't tend to be main antagonist finishers unless its Hibiki who is using them :\
Just so he casually blocks it to hype him up?
Actually looking at the episode again having a few snowmen around the city is alright. It was snowing and you can see some snow in the streets prior to Tsubasa's bankai, so I honestly don't see it as just a random thing pushed in. They probably showed them melting to show "what would have happened if they were real human beings", but I don't think the episode got edited to begin with
Nah, Nehushtan had regenerative powers, but it wasn't indestructible. I am talking about an armor that literally can receive any hit without even getting cracked
If only Fine would've treated it as an ice cream tower everything would've been fine
Probably... for all we know Fine was getting funds to buy the entire stock of Nokia phones. That's why it took her such a long amount of time, and the only reason Kadingir exploded is because Ame No Habakiri has a philosophical weapon embed in it that is anti-Nokia.
If a comedy spinoff ever pops up and Symphogear remains popular enough to make large chunks of money, pushing that indestructible type of armor with a Nokia reference would be amusing
Yeah but at this point you can assume its made out of nokia phones just like Adam's hat
Both a nuke and Carol's alchemist lasers & self destruct mechanism and it still exists <:MariaShock:423196877354303498>
Its really durable
After what Carol did to the Chateau its still surprising how something even remained out of that structure
Chris' transformation should've had something to do with spamming rockets instead of the Grenadier reference. Having the rocket intentionally hit her and form the gear through the explosions could've looked really cool
Its very common in Symphogear that the villains simply leave the scene even if they win and when they lose but are interested in leaving no one is stopping them
I don't think a series is supposed to "force" you to read/hear/watch more information that is spread outside of the series itself
I don't really read the lyrics of out of the series songs, so nope
Kirika isn't troubled most of the time... she is just a "cutesy airhead"
Eh... I think Hibiki is overly genki, but I don't like talk no jutsu characters in general
Yeah but its barely that case. Its always being "too happy"
Some of the most artificially annoying anime archetypes are the "overly happy" character that are in fact always troubled but never show or share anything and instead just insist on having a "fake smile". Its not even about showing feelings or showing weakness, but instead they just feel annoying
Atleast that's how I see it from my perspective... I've never felt the need to "waifu" anything so I am not fully sure
I think the trend related to waifus is based on the fact most fictional characters don't have the depth of a real human being, and instead are simply based on certain archetypes that many find to be attractive. Thus, people just treat them as some sort of a "wife-material" type of thing, because they'd be happy to have a partner that is very similar to that very same archetype.
They aren't real people so objectifying them isn't a problem
I don't like the concept either, but if it works for people then sure why not...
She feels like a male shounen protagonist so I don't see the appeal but alright
Wait what...? People consider Hibiki is something even remotely close to a "waifu"?
Actually creating a visual novel would be a very cheap alternative to spread out further information while also being somewhat visually appealing, instead of random CDs or books
Zero is a good example for a spinoff not written by Nasu, Apocrypha is a bad example of having a good idea and horrible execution
The Nasuverse is far more problematic because a large part of the content isn't even written by Nasu
Can you deny the fact certain arcs we had throughout the seasons felt like filler and could've easily been ditched in return for those very specific things?
I don't mind exploring lore IF it is somewhat related to worldbuilding, investigating future possible plot twists and so on, but characterization of main characters through outside sources isn't really something I am interested in, because I expect those things to appear in the show itself, instead of self interpretations throughout out of the series songs
I don't really see Kirika as a genki character, she is just a cute airhead. Hibiki is the genki one
Eh... there is a possibility for OVAs especially for that kind of thing
Well I never intended to give it a try because those types of games aren't really my cup of tea
Isn't touhou that game franchise with "infinite bullet hell" kind of thing?
Let Carol wear Vanessa as a Faust Robe <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
It always amused me how they treat normal training as something beneficial while the most important thing was the phonic gain
It was obviously Kaneko's idea, in order to create some sort of a coincidence that would lead to her using it 😃
No I don't, but it isn't used due to a lack of time, but instead they just try to create suspense by constant powercreeping things. That's how most action franchises work, and they don't think ahead of time how to deal with the powercreep. That's why Naruto switched from punching and tricking one another to busting the moon in half and it didn't feel natural or "well-earned".
People often lack creativity and place themselves in scenarios that lead to very stupid situations
Yeah but its a problem with Japan's writers in general (or Hollywood for that matter aswell)...
That's an overused trope that is often used when the writers don't know what they actually want to do, and instead of making a logical scenario they just make the villains "overpowered" from the get-go until the protagonists have a 2 second training montage that balances the scale. lol
But Symphogear always goes by formulas and they repeat the same gimmicks over and over... I mean, even when villains win a fight they simply ditch and leave just so the protagonists would power up for a following fight. If you don't want lazy writing there are some animes (although very little) that would fit that criteria.
Depends on if they want a closed ending or an open ending for the sake of "future investments". At this point I expect a REFERENCE ending by having literally every character pop up and fight against the Okonomiyaki woman from season 1 which was the final boss all along.
Madoka and Symphogear aren't even close to being similar. People should've just given up on that idea from the moment season 1 started switching towards Hibiki
I've seen what happened there. They were damaged and stopped existing after their "role" for referencing GX was over. It doesn't matter tbh, if Kaneko does that and the SG on episode 4 for the sake of mere references he is probably willing to do anything for references regardless of what happens in the episode itself
Yay let's just randomly spawn every single character to ever exist in this universe for the sake of references 😄
Then why not shove Adam aswell? He was a doll aswell.
It doesn't matter what you claim, if they bring them back they can bring literally anyone back, for the sake of reference
Weren't the Autoscorers completely destroyed aswell? They were sliced in half, or completely exploded
Adam was also a living doll.
The autoscorers exploded in GX and appeared here again, nothing is stopping Kaneko from grabbing another dead villain for the lolz
Eh... I think there are too many references to older seasons at this point.
A giant blob of tentacles being Shem Ha and recycling GX villains... why 😐
Seriously wtf is this episode...
I thought Carol's relic was destroyed during the explosion of GX's episode 13. Guess its indestructable like the Chateau <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
It entirely depends if Gen's VA can sing well. His song in S1 wasn't really amazing compared to the quality of the rest of the songs, so eh...
I wanted actual Custodians to be villains and to see what is a "god" in the Symphoverse but I am slightly worried that's not going to happen anymore
Can Carol murder the 3 XV Alchemists so we can finally switch to more interesting villains? pretty please? 😄
These are mostly Japanese fans, and they see that as a part of their culture at this point IMO
Tell that to the anime producers/whoever is responsible for lewding everything for the sake of some cheap sales.
That still exists in many VNs, they just don't explode with popularity unlike Fate
After so many references its impossible to deny that ^
Are you new to anime? Many things just appear for the sake of fanservice or attracting certain people to watch/buy products through simple scenes just like this episode's ending.
Yeah, but not in a revealing gear, and we never had "focus" on her thighs when she was a little girl. It is literally fanservice to attract a certain audience.
lol, I am not into lolis or some other crap like that, but it is obviously intended to attract a certain audience just like they do in nearly any franchise.
That's because she forgot how to grow up due to memory loss. Its clearly not a way to sell new loli Carol toys <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
So eh...
I believe her design is inconsistent and certain animators didn't know what's her size supposed to be. It looked like she is "growing" during the transformation but at the very final scene she is just like her kid's version
She has a body of a child, how exactly is she not a loli?
Oh wait they didn't reference Micha's burning clothes mode this episode let's reference it in the OVAs <:Ver:336656981144109066>
I believe he's talking about Micha
So Yuri on Ice but with people dying?
lol it still amuses me how Araki ran out of tarot cards mid part 3 and was like "oh FUCK I don't want to finish dragging this part, its so popular and I make so much money off it, let's switch to another group of names and keep it going!"
Animes are trying to avoid that by claiming said lolis are "legal", aka hundreds of years old or some excuse like that.
Look at her name - she is an elf and her age is 9
But she is forced to sing unless she wants to die by burning whatever is left
Yeah but she is riding Elfnein's brain so she might use her memories
She probably has some, as she was using her catch phrase, but she isn't supposed to remember everything, unless Elfnein has everything stored for some reason.
Nah Shirabe will have Fine as a stand or something like that
Miku isn't going to die regardless of what Carol wants. I hope they don't pull another stupid shock factor of "Miku is dead let's show blood but not the person its coming out from" this season.
Dr Ver will be brought back and give Miku a new fragment Fine made specifically for her from hell and we'll call it a day
We'll probably have aliens singing aswell to stop the "evil" tyranny of the custodians
What if Kaneko burned his memories by writing XV and thus forgot Carol forgot everything?
Yep, pretty much. I know how JoJo fans literally drool over everything Araki produces regardless of setup and planning, and most tend to love Giorno and Diavolo and that's fine. I know my opinion isn't really popular 🙂
Sigh... for me he is dead. He was the worst JoJo villain in the worst JoJo part and I am happy Vento Aureo is over.
Diavolo is dead let it go
She did, Carol said she gave her certain memories so that she'd be more efficient in her job. Elf9 even remembers Carol's dad and the motivation behind her entire plan in GX, so there are probably some things saved in there
And she isn't relevant to the story either way unless we have a new top mom arc
We don't know if Tsubasa's mom is still alive or not. For all she know she just lives somewhere around the world.
Sure
I am stating a fact, where do you see negativity here? 😐
Its not just shonen jump thing. People don't like singing with fighting. They think its stupid. I've had this conversation with too many people already, and they all give the same reasoning.
That's debatable. People dislike Symphogear because of its gimmick, not because of the quality itself
Have you seen how crazy the JoJo fandom is? Or the Dragon Ball one?
That's any fandom tbh..
Maybe Carol and Elfnein completely merged and she simply serves as an alternate personality instead of her "getting out" and sacrificing herself to save elfnein
Let Carol exist with some conditional mechanic so she just doesn't pop up whenever she wants and overpowers everyone
Then what did she do back in GX?
Eh... they might make her something like an Atem from Yugioh that can't simply appear whenever she wants but instead has to fulfil certain conditions... but they might just kill her
She did to activate the Chateau... prior to that who knows
Memory combustion exists as a replacement for phonic gain. When she sings she can produce enough energy to do whatever she wants without drawback
She doesn't have to burn anything if she just sings
People change, whether they like it or not, so you can never say never lol
Eh... I don't hate Symphogear, but I might've outgrown it
I understand what Melua is trying to say, but I've barely written anything in the past week or two, and I don't really think I'll suddenly start having many conversations here anytime soon
I am barely active here at this point, so I don't see how that matters to them
I am talking about the specific thing I've mentioned a moment ago. I know that I'm being negative in conversations here, and I am fine with that.
Dr Ver and Fine duet
Oh I believe that Taichi and Rin will end up being together in the end, as it was built from the very beginning she loves him. However, they also started building a harem just for the sake of showing how "nice" Taichi is... so eh...
It pisses most people off, as they expected atleast something fun... but it even lacks that for the most part
Isekai Magician is just "oh I've heard Isekais are popular I'll copy all of the tropes and push them into one single anime it will surely be successful right?"
As long as its not Arifureta, Mao-Sama Re:try or Isekai Shit Magician its not that bad
There is also a girl that reacts to XV but she didn't seem to care too much about most things
He did react to that already on the video solopy sent
They actually exist?
Oh this dude! I liked watching his earlier XV reactions, sadly he barely gets any viewers
In Chuunibyou the MC was blushing over holding his girlfriend's hand after they were together for over 6 months. Its just anime logic
That's most animes tbh...
I'm not talking about their battle strength, but more about their interaction and behavior. They felt like they simply were made out of bits that originally were far more fleshed out in the GX versions
They didn't recognize Elfnein and treated her as someone that isn't Carol but is similar to her. They weren't the same Autoscorers by the way they were behaving
They weren't fully themselves though so completely restoring them might not be possible (talking about personality and the way they reacted towards Elfnein)
Just teach the Autoscoreres to sing and you no longer need memories <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Nah they're taking Heaven's feel route without being dark

Wow people were right it is literally Yugi and Atem now
Speaking of Heaven's feel, the second movie is finally out on BD <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Its not my nightmare... it was expected from the very beginning when Miku asked on episode 1 what would Hibiki do
Did they actually forget about the amalgam existing...?
Otherwise they'd stop
Everything Symphogear related is easy money grab, that's why they continue making them 😐
If they want money then yeah...
A few months is nothing. The last fate movie's BD release is like over a year and a half away.
I am talking about AXZ alchemists
lol this episode shows clearly that Carol is the strongest character up to date and claiming that the illuminati was even close is a complete joke
lol
I somewhat stopped using kissanime after they started spamming porn/hentai ads but I guess I have to go on there right now then
Its not about taking space, I just don't like doing that
It is? 😮
Yeah pretty much, I don't bother downloading animes unless they have very high quality like the Fate trilogy, and most websites I see through didn't push Symphogear yet
Yeah someone probably removed the ending
Oh crap I saw a shortened version of the ep hold on
Yeah pretty much...
My internet is far beyond lagging, as I have over 1 GB internet speed... that's just a form of censorship often used in animes that get removed in the BD due to epilepsy
Its not blurry for the sake of giving an extremely fast movement, it just had blurry shots specifically for that, and they'll probably get removed in the BD
Yeah, but that's an obvious censorship to avoid flashy screens 😐
Carol literally can copy paste memories, and that's her source of power, which means in theory she can have an infinite amount... you can't compare between the two
Carol is OP, Adam isn't. Its as simple as that.
Well finally watched the missing part... Shem Ha looks like an upgraded SSJ in terms of design... good animation overall but a little blurry at times
I don't think Adam is a good villain, but he lost just because, not due to getting outsmarted
Adam would've won but Tikki literally had to stay in the very same spot for a few days just to suddenly jump on Adam while Hibiki is mid air, and ofc Hibiki would've been the only Symphogear user to not get frozen <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Nah, Elfnein became Yugi and Carol Yami Yugi
They wouldn't make Shem Ha use Miku's physical body as a host if they wouldn't return her later... and it is Symphogear so thinking real characters die after 4 and a half seasons is pointless...
In theory Carol's power is limitless now if she can simply copy memories endlessly so give her Gungnir and let her solo everyone
It has a very similar design with just a few "upgrades"
Alright, I am not going to think about that and will just accept it as the usual "Symphogear stuff" 🙂
Ugh... whatever
But it was a Gungnir specific ability. I don't see how Hibiki specifically affects time and space while others can't
With that logic gods are completely indestructible, and will never lose any fight
lol what... Gungnir as a relic can destroy gods, its not a specific Hibiki ability
Well they could destroy Shem Ha by letting Maria pick Gungnir when Hibiki was out... does that really matter how things are done if you mostly want results?
Or just kidnap her parents, force her to remove the relic and shoot her in the head...
I hope not, not everything has to revolve around a single character. We've seen how it was done in Bleach and it never felt fitting.
Why would she/he give up on his own gear..?
I still think that Maria vs Tsubasa's fight on G episode 4 has the best choreography up to this date in the entire franchise
I think I was somewhat surprised as I didn't expect him to throw his precious relic at Miku, although I didn't expect him to use the relic on himself as they won't let a male character wear a Symphogear for whatever reason
It would've been much more of a surprise if G didn't have Miku gear or they wouldn't have done the foreshadowing on AXZ's ending and Miku's dialog with "Oh what if I will be bad now"
Yeah I know but he literally ripped out his door by mistake and didn't expect it to fall over his head and it was hilarious
I remember how Uzumaki Khan got so crazy with his over reactions that he literally slammed a chair at his door which resulted in it falling over his head during a live reaction and it made me burst out in laughter
Yeah probably... atleast he isn't like Uzumaki Khan who used to destroy his own room from "excitement"
He is one of the people who overreact to the point you're not sure whether he is actually excited or just pretends to do everything in an exaggerated manner as it pushes more viewers
lol I like how that live reactioner became a meme
Btw, if all of the custodians are in a slumber and will have to go through a similar process as Shem Ha (ignoring the fact she'll probably awaken them somehow) then Adam is an idiot, because they wouldn't be a threat without him doing everything and spreading knowledge in AXZ
Fudou wouldn't even need a sword to kill her..
Once again, it entirely depends on what Sawano series you've seen, not all of them sound similar
Yep, Sawano's music tends to have a serious vibe and it wouldn't work with Symphogear most of the time... although he did do Kill La Kill that is clearly not serious
It entirely depends on what series you're talking about... and speaking of repetitive music all of Kirika's anime themes sound very similar, and people still like them, so I don't see a problem here
Sawano's themes often have very strong background singers which make them very memorable, while Symphogear's is like some sort of a party theme with a DJ
That's impressive... I like Sawano the most but the quality of Symphogear is very close to that
All of Symphogear's songs/background music themes have only one composer?
If gods in Symphogear match let's say... Dragon Ball's power scaling around Frieza's saga, having an army is useless
Think about it for a second, why would someone with an indestructible power would want an army?
Not really but JoJo is a pretty simple franchise and alot of random stuff happening all the time for some cheap entertainment
I think you've watched too much JoJo..
If it would've been in a middle of a completely functional city I'd agree, but look what Daurdebula's explosion did
The middle part of the city that got nuked... :\
You are destroying buildings carefully if you are worried they might hit people around them, but there aren't supposed to be anything left due to GX's episode 13 nuke.
I am mostly talking about it by the end of GX, not afterwards when Fudou knew what was going on there
It had those construction poles. Why would you rebuild anything if the entire place got nuked by Daurdebula's destruction? Just nuke it and get it over with
Or Daurdebula not being destroyed, Chateau somehow survives and being rebuilt without the Symphogear group thinking something is weird or how they should've destroyed it completely as it could destroy the entire world in theory, but whatever 😛
Whatever, I can't have a conversation here regarding writing mistakes because people get triggered so I'll leave it at that
They just don't want/can't deal with something like that and threw Sonya so they can finish something and get Chris done
She is a retcon. They made her backstory completely different, and she couldn't have been sold as a slave and wandered alone around the world if Sonya is there unless she simply left her. If you don't remember Chris kept on insisting in S1 she was always alone and never had a real relationship with anyone
Its done mostly because Sonya is a retcon 😦
And they dragged the XV trio way too much in my opinion
They don't have time for that
XDU for all I care it filler
Its Dragon Ball Super all over again with Goku being the only relevant character lol...
But she could wear it when Hibiki was afk at the base 😐
It doesn't have anything to do with conceptual weapons... I am not talking about using the god power itself, but having the ability to destroy gods
She already gets too much attention on every season, but now she is literally the only useful one because "Maria's Gungnir can't 1shot gods"
I know, and that shouldn't be a thing
Or maybe just stop making it "the Hibiki show" and make the others relevant to the fight against the Custodians? Its not that hard to think about that 🙂
If there are living Custodians outside of Earth that's another thing
Adam didn't have to do ANYTHING as Shem Ha can't ressurect itself just by wanting to
Which means it would've stayed in the tomb for eternity
I know, I fixed what I've written as it didn't make sense earlier. Prior to Adam's involvement no one knew what is Shem Ha
Adam wouldn't have made it a thing either way, as people weren't aware of Shem Ha's relic without analyzing Tikki
Dude you do understand Shem Ha wouldn't be a thing if Adam wouldn't have done his shticks in AXZ right? Why are you instantly assuming Shem Ha is bad
Don't you know Kirika's Scythe can't affect gods? She isn't the MC 😉
They are supposed to fully regenerate
Might be an animation error then
We are talking about Symphogear's god powers. A god in other franchises can literally rewrite reality, or bend time and space, and we've never seen that happening here as otherwise Hibiki would've been deleted. Why exactly do you think a bomb would affect them when only Hibiki can destroy them because she is the MC?
God powers are supposed to make you indestructible though..
But you've just said you want to give them god power..
You wouldn't give people the same power you possess as otherwise why would they even listen to you? Power balancing is very important, just like armies in real life have the "higher ups" that are often associated with prestige, and that's why a common soldier would obey their commands
I am aware Kaneko didn't think of them prior to XV, that's what is annoying me
Having Adam mad for even mentioning them as a part of the group would've even fit his character and would've in return made them not actually appear in AXZ
I don't think they were needed in the actual season, but mentioning them would've been nice
Would you really care if they died in battle when they are treated as trash?
Its not really that hard to mention them.
You could make an interaction between SG's group and Adam when he asks them to get rid of the Symphogears. Let Cag or someone mention "even though they are failures, maybe they'd serve as a meat bag against the Symphogear so we'd have the upper hand" and so on
Yeah but if you're going to make them a temporary main antagonist group atleast show them for a few minutes or just mention them
Its only personal taste, nothing to do with their functionality
I just don't like that trio. They never felt needed and I disliked the fact they were never mentioned in AXZ...
Heck, remove the XV trio from the series from the very beginning and introduce a group of Priestesses, it would've made it far more interesting
I've never said she was the only one, I think that if they wanted to introduce a new Priestess they should've done that a while ago and not now
Yeah, I don't mind her being relevant, but Fine is a thing and they don't seem to care about bringing the dead back in a spirit form or a cameo
A new priestess would be weird imo
Also, GX was mostly THE dads season, so even though they pushed him in pretty late it wasn't off theme
Hibiki's dad was pretty much Hibiki's entire storyarc in GX though..
Would you really introduce a new priestess when there are only 5 episodes left though?
lol that's the only thing that wouldn't get ressurected probably
That's mostly because people don't want to deal with the super long name
Dude, I am talking about a scenario where Adam just lets it stay there, Miku isn't relevant in that situation
Shem Ha needed an energy source and a host, what exactly supplies that?
By what exactly?
I know Adam wanted to destroy Shem Ha, but he is the only reason why Shem Ha is even relevant
It just protected Shem Ha's corps obviously
Maybe because you've seen what it can do, and thus you want to destroy it right after the fight with Carol to make sure no one uses it
You don't even have to use an atomic bomb, just throw it the air and destroy it, its not that hard 😐
When did I tell anyone to hand them a perfect body?
Its not a plothole, its just a lack of planning ahead
I think we are both talking about very different topics
That's why having an inconsistent opinion could've been a great touch
Maybe because Adam simply placed the alchemists in a very bad spot with his gishkis and even MENTIONING that they can use the trash trio as meat bags to have the upper hand would've actually made sense. Then just make Adam get mad that they even mention the trash as part of his group (as he cares about perfection so much that it'd actually fit his character) and tada you have them the following season.
With the power of friendship obviously
Yeah that's what I've said...
Not completely, and at this point its indestructible like Carol's relic. It survived both Ver's self destruct sequence, Carol randomly blasting it herself due to grief and Daurdebula's self destruct 🙂
How can you assume Daurdebula wasn't destroyed if that's what triggered that massive explosion in GX's finale? the lion was literally the relic and Carol got blown out of it
Carol still existed, her relic blew up
*they brought back Carol's relic
Oh speaking of unique weapons, they should've never gotten rid of Maria's cape
Maximum phonic gain
Or just let him sing with her for the good old times
Everything with a random element can be considered as gambling, affects the brain negatively and can lead to addiction, so I find it odd how so many states prohibit gambling with money but still make stuff that are still clearly gambling-based and brand them as something entirely different
They could always give her a giant spear that can transform into a gigantic pole with a fist to keep the Gungnir legend in-theme with Hibiki's <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Uh... yeah?
Yeah I know, because they give a character a specific archetype and would rather not sway away from that gimmick
They did give it to one of her other characters though... she sings like that as Tanya in that anime's ED and it still sounds like Hibiki though, which is why I wanted her to sing like that in Symphogear to begin with
Yeah but a song doesn't have to actually be evil-themed even if it sounds like that
I am not talking about the lyrics themselves though, but the way she sings in the song itself and eh... the BGM that goes with it... but I guess that's something they'd probably give Chris instead
Which is a shame...
I've listened to Youjo's Senki ED today after not touching it for a while and somehow I got to the point I wish they'd give Hibiki a similar song in Symphogear, as it really fits her voice... but it doesn't match her song-archetype sadly :\
Nah what I've meant is whether the theme itself is already available or not
Was Hibiki's B song already revealed?
And she also kind of copied Renji's shikai
Yeah but I am mostly talking about a gigantic cape that can be used both offensively and defensively, not just some design choice
It did have a very strong defensive capability so maybe that's why
Nothing stopped them from giving it to her in her Airgetlam but I guess they didn't want that
Yep and its a shame they got rid of it
If they drop that idea and go with a different approach then you are right
Well... we reached the point where the Symphogear users use their gears as lego to build up big things, so if they don't plan on changing that having something unique help other stuff build bigger things isn't really a challenge..
Actually I really liked Maria's cape gimmick in Gungnir... maybe a complete cape-related Symphogear would be amusing
There are alot of things they could use as weapons, even stuff that wouldn't be considered as such if they are creative enough with weapon gimmicks
Maybe next time
It entirely depends on how this hair would look in real life... it might just be a complete mess
Her hair is floofy because she never washes her hair... its just a passive ability <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
No idea, I don't play that game
*a bath scene, Japan clearly loves these
Fine is the only important character that is somewhat related to this entire arc, but Kaneko would probably choose Kanade or Hibiki's dad
Maybe kill Hibiki's dad offscreen then? <:Ver:336656981144109066>
If it is true then rip
Wait did they say that only one more old character would show up on XV?
Or for some reason I don't understand why they refuse to show SG again
And "we are taking over your HQ" plan in XV clearly lasted long enough
Writing scenarios that are obviously unfavorable to the "good guys" while constantly saving them every single time without even a single loss, or something that would affect the group in the long run is the thing you should refer to as being bad, not the idea behind it
They could kill her if they want something to have atleast once some consequences but people don't really die in Symphogear so nah
If it would be anyone but Fine then they threw a massive plot point away
Nah he remembered Miku in GX so it'd be out of character
More like "Can you pay for my lunch again please?"
She had no purpose in GX, maybe give her one right now 😄
Oh we are still missing Leuir's "sister", maybe she is the missing "character" <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
How about a fusion between Ver and Hibiki's dad due to nephilim? <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
I hope so that's the case
Maybe Ignite is the missing character from GX who knows <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
XV on the other hand just handed them out cheat codes and forces them to delay their usage until there is barely any time, probably to create some hype as they already used X-Drive and I doubt they'll pull it again, unless its Amalgam X-Drive fusion
The GX problem had nothing to do with ignite but simply the way they planned the season ahead of time. It clearly didn't need 13 episodes and they didn't think what to push in there so they essentially made alot of silly episodes with no real purpose
Or we'll have the usual Hibiki show and only get her to Amalgam while the rest cheer her up <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
I am saying that since they treated them together in almost every different scenario in past scenes, it is very likely to happen again with Amalgam
It is relevant, they throw them together in everything, because you could essentially treat them as 2 parts of one character
I know, but whenever they went into ignite they threw them together every time because they animated them once and didn't want to do a separate sequence
Seeing how they forced them to Ignite together every freaking time before the unisons in AXZ yeah, that's likely to happen
They already have to gut alot of things because the XV trio took way too much of the season
They don't have time to that lol
They were just afk if that's what bothers you <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
With the way they used it...? not really. They don't even have time to establish the differences between the users through Amalgam at this point unless Shem Ha is the only god going to show up
They shouldn't have introduced the Amalgam so early, it feels like it barely has any purpose and its just what I would consider a cheat code
They never needed the Amalgam after it was banned except for last episode
I simply want more of that as those are the most enjoyable fighting scenes in anime in general
Yeah, but we had plenty of that in Symphogear. The Maria vs Tsubasa one is of a different kind, it requires much more precise animation, choreography and planning
Carol just stood there and threw her alchemic spells/strings at stuff, it wasn't really a fight and she felt like a stationary turret in League of Legends
I want more fight scenes like Maria vs Tsubasa in G over the submarine, it was so well done but we've never had anything like that in Symphogear ever again
As long as they somehow let the characters fight through techniques and different fight styles instead of just creating gigantic explosions with a flick of a finger I'll b e fine
With big capslock
Nah she'll have even BIGGER missiles and that's it
Since Hibiki's Amalgam simply gave her bigger arms, I assume they'd just give them "bigger stuff" as some sort of an upgrade
And honestly Tusbasa and the rest should take into account that killing enemies that threat their life might be a thing eventually. It shouldn't really be emotionally damaging... its just that Kaneko likes giving every single villain some sort of redemption and forces everyone to care about them. Obviously later on he forces the "villains" to sacrifice themselves for the "greater good".
I mean... it felt like a couple of power rangers killing the monster of the week, during the unisons of AXZ. Other than Hibiki I am not sure others treated them as human beings
Again? 🙂
Just let Tsubasa kill her, we don't need even more character redemptions
They never were threatening, they just existed
I am not complaining about Carol's fight, I am just saying it isn't really all that special
It was animated much better than Carol's fight. I am not talking about the beams themselves but how fluent the animation was back there
Uh... the Carol fight simply felt nothing special. They also didn't put too much effort in it mostly because they placed more effort at the beam fight later on with Shem Ha
<@152896851660505088> And what's the reason for that? having bigger explosions and characters who slash the screen that results in even more gigantic explosions is a fighting method we've already seen plenty of times on Symphogear
Hm...? The Germans killed Jews for the fact they belong to the Jewish race, it had nothing to do with religion. They even killed people who converted simply due to the "purity of blood" claim they gave
I was simply talking about how Tsubasa shouldn't feel sorry for killing Millaarc but people get butthurt so much over fictional characters
LOL
Genocide happens once you demonize an entire race, not a specific group of people. If you demonize a terrorist group you'd be more likely to kill them and not feel sorry for their deaths because of how they threat your nation. Your nation is the result as to why you don't feel any form of compassion towards them, regardless of their actions.
Demonizing enemies isn't a self damaging method but more of a social effect
I've meant to say *every soldier
PTSD doesn't affect EVERYONE.
You think its stupid from your perspective, but its clearly not the case every single time.
I don't think that any single soldier that ever fought a war was emotionally damaged. Some of them did, but others demonized the enemies so much they no longer saw them as human beings.
Sigh... Kanade at this point you are just mixing things up
The definition of hero obviously varies greatly from culture to culture.
I wasn't defending genocide, I was giving an example as to why Tsubasa killing an enemy wouldn't necessarily affect her, but you're constantly taking it to the wrong places so its pointless.
<@!279341087494242304> Different adaptations for different audiences 🙂
You can't compare between the two, they are vastly different and people like them for different reasons
Woo I like Shem Ha
Symphogear's manga is only up to season 1, keep that in mind
Depending on how you look at what they've done with Tsubasa in XV...
Because Symphogear never did that before...? eh... maybe... but I think they deserved that
Its Symphogear so they'll probably just glue themselves together
The fact Shem Ha did something the entire cast refused to do made me like that character even if he/she barely said anything up until now <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
I wonder why did they try to show Noble Red entering Fudou's house so vaguely by just revealing Vanessa's leg... it was obvious they'll go there and as they made the design so obvious it doesn't make people think it might be a different character
Probably... they can breath in space for some reason so why not
With the way Hibiki's dad was talking about blessing and curse being very similar it is obvious they'll treat it differently now
Or you know, if he is so tired of humanity he could just wipe them out... but I don't think gods in the Symphogear universe are really all that strong
Fine with me
I honestly don't think they should let him take a big part in the last 4 episodes... if he just casually dies then its fine, but having another Dr.Ver like character (aka always gets caught but runs away due to the incompetence of the main cast) it'll be annoying
(talking about G)
Ok... and? they ran over his entire plot very quickly in this chapter. He wanted to die in the ending to make sure Tsubasa becomes a monster, but Gen stopped him. It is literally like Ver who wanted to die in order to become a hero and they didn't let him.
Why would they involve Fudou even further when they finished his entire point in this episode? He is literally surrounded by several SONG people, why not just lock him somewhere and get it over with? Please no Ver 2.0 😦
Just tell him Tsubasa is gay that's enough
So I can't really compare Kamen Rider to other franchises even if I wanted to
Yeah but I've never really seen Kamen Rider, and the impression it left in me was that it is somewhat similar to Sentai, ignoring some overly dramatic faces
Nearly every Japanese live action I've encountered had wonky CGI so I am sure it'd be cringey enough to have a few laughs
Symphogear feels much more like Power Rangers though
Maybe... but JoJo can be fun up until part 3 including the DIO part and ignoring over half of part 3's boring formula... if you turn off your brain OFC
If they wanted to compare Symphogear to something they should've done so with Super Sentai... Symphogear has nothing in common with JoJo other than the Ora Ora in AXZ or the pseudo "stand" in XV
That sounded exactly like a part from Chris vs Tsubasa back in episode 4 of the OG series
Didn't Tsubasa vs Maria also have a part of it last episode?
Sometimes I get some sort of a feeling (that might be wrong obviously), that people here really like slice of life animes
I doubt they touched the plotline after production began, but whatever...
He is just obsessed with it because he thinks it didn't make sense that it was simply a clickbait to lure people to watch S1
||Woo GX is going hard with amalgam users 😄||
I mean if you are going that route XV could've ended in episode 4 and AXZ in less than 6 episodes
I really don't think Miku can be considered as a secondary main character. For the most part she is mostly a writing tool to give Hibiki some motivation for her future actions and some support when she needs it. Even now, she is used as a plot point, more than as an actual main character. She had most of her development over the first season and then she became mostly a side character (and even in S1 its very easy to point out she wasn't really treated as a main character). Regardless its fine, as her character was designed that way to begin with...
*G
Symphogear could exist well enough with just Tsubasa, Chris and Hibiki, but they wanted to add another trio as that means more songs per season
The fact there are interactions between Hibiki and Miku isn't a problem, as Miku was created entirely for that reason. She just doesn't exist on her own outside of Hibiki's "realm" so she can't be considered a main, that's all. She still does her job well...
They did have the option to turn her into a main relatively easily by continuing what she was doing on S1. She did exist back there on her own sometimes (like the fact she was slowly affecting Chris' point of view and ideology), but then they simply treated her as "oh you are Hibiki's friend" and she barely interacts with anyone whenever Hibiki isn't around, so they kind of gave up on that midway...
If that's really the case you should hope Shem Ha doesn't get killed by a punch to the face like Babidi was killed in an anti-climactic way, but knowing conceptual weapons and how Kaneko just adores using them that might very likely be the case 🙂
Nasu verse in general has very vague rules regarding how strong a character can be. If I am not wrong there are supposed to be those "gigantic" creatures outside of Earth that are a threat to all of existence and treat servants as ants, but I didn't fully read on that as it doesn't revolve any of the franchises I did watch/read
Zeno can just nuke entire dimensions by lifting his hands up, but he is child-like and his intelligence is very low in general, so he might end up losing to the simplest of things if they translate his "strength" into combat power like everything else in DB-franchise
And I guess Zeno is supposed to be omnipotent but knowing Akira he'll just fart a new threat that somehow "overthrows" Zeno if he continues with this power creep every arc
I know, I am not talking about raw powers... and in theory the entire Dragon Ball franchise doesn't deal with power well... you can't feel a difference between someone like Frieza to a god like Beerus, other then characters claiming they punch harder.
I assumed they hint she is "omnipotent" by giving her that "oh I am only using 1/10000 of my power" as a line
But if a character can just go "Ok no more oxygen have fun" and alter the way Earth works then in theory they should be powerless. Or just TP them into space far away and they can't do anything. Or well... just say "fuck this planet" and destroy it, but it seems like Shem-Ha cares about Earth so that's not an option atm
And yeah, I don't like magical girl shows in general, I liked Symphogear to a certain extent because it was quite unique
I am aware of that, but omnipotence shouldn't be just raw power
But that might end up being the end of this season
Well... they mostly go that route with her as having an omnipotent being losing to a bunch of teenagers who love to sing would feel stupid
Or just modify the Symphogears to make them unusable and then there is no one to oppose her...
I still don't like the fact they insist on pushing Noble Red into the screen every single episode... they should've stayed dead
Obviously... "love" drives everything as a concept in this franchise, so they'll win against her through communication or other metaphorical gimmicks
I don't think Shem Ha is going to stay as Miku until the very end, and they'll win through the power of friendship probably. If Shem Ha is supposed to be omnipotent in her "full power" then she shouldn't be losing regardless but they'll pull something out...
DBZ's entire concept is "I will punch you harder by screaming more time so I will overpower your overpoweredness"... Akira doesn't really bother changing the formula
Avalon did a big "fuck you" to EA so maybe every EX noble phantasm can deal with it...?
He doesn't even need Enuma Elish most of the time, he has an infinite arsenal of weapons, but just decides to throw them like bananas at everyone and expects results. I know it doesn't fit the character to "master" weapons, but if I am not wrong he has mana bombs and so on
Gilgamesh isn't omnipotent though, he is overpowered but constantly suffers from being too proud of himself to act accordingly to different situations
But an apple a day keeps the doctor away. That's why Ver would get ressurected as the final villain as an almighty doctor-god and would get beaten by an apple... <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Just wait 2 weeks before assuming stuff...
Eh... this image can easily be edited towards something NSFW lol
What the hell am I seeing <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
Whoops
||Did she really sit on their faces? I didn't watch the episode yet||
Both are bullshit by my book, so I hope they go a different route
<@354402389282783235> Because that's pretty much the exact same thing lol... unless they are going to pull another Kirika Scythe thing to kill her for good just like they did with Fine, which would be disappointing because I didn't even like the original scene
<@183270924701794305> She was still mentioned on both seasons... We didn't get any live footage of hers because she is "dead"
Even if she returns through a time reversal thing whatsoever
Fine is mentioned in every freaking season, there is no point in denying the fact she will return
Hm... I am perfectly fine with the route they took for once, but I guess that means we aren't going to see any other custodians. Also, that makes all of Fine's motivation weird, unless she was in love with Shem Ha and not with Enki. The fact they gave her the same "immortality" treatment, makes me think Enki clearly wasn't the god she was referring to...
I think we shouldn't be having more episodic conflicts when there are only 2 more episodes until the series ends...
I know, but the coffin literally cannot do anything without an actual host
I can... they just made it seem like there are going to be plenty of them coming and not one that is already dead and gets revived because Adam mentioned her existence
Enki is dead..
The rest simply left the planet
She was the only one on Earth is what I meant
She was the only one, and only got revived because they literally went to her grave and grabbed her relic...
So why was Adam talking about the custodians last season if apparently only Shem Ha was supposed to be near Earth at this point?
In theory if they ever decide to do a season 6, Kaneko could always make the Custodians get back to Earth after deciding to wipe out humanity to pretty much erase Shem Ha from existence...
Shem Ha would've lost thousands of years ago if the custodians wiped out humanity so she can no longer ressurect herself but they just left so he had no other choice <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Maria pretty much became the Angelic Buster class of Maple Story with her amalgam
She reached the caliber of using the same gimmick as Shem-Ha and could've lived for eternity without the plothax of G... that's far beyond human capabilities but we do have some random OP characters without explanations on Symphogear so who knows..
Are you sure Fine is a human though? :\
I still don't see why would the Custodians leave Earth when the problem could've been fixed by restarting humanity from scratch..
I don't like their existence in the story because they never felt needed, I never complained about the way Nobel Red fights
I don't like Nobel Red as characters, not the way they fight..
Not that the way they fought was any different than the usual DBZ style
Eh... I didn't really like how every single villain post GX just stands and shoots lasers most of the time... I miss different unique fighting styles
And in general seeing more Custodians would be more interesting than Noble Red IMO
Yeah I figured what she meant, I just gave that as an option because that'd actually push Fine' in unless it doesn't affect living creatures
It entirely depends on how time travel works in the franchise... if we are talking about constant loops that create loopholes then yeah, it'll be horrible, but if we are talking about alternate routes splitting the moment time reversal happens it can work, not that I am expecting Symphogear to do that
Because she mentioned the option as a goal of hers?
If Shem-Ha manages to turn back time they'll have plenty of options to deal with her... we don't even know how time reversal works in this franchise, unless it specifically works on the planet itself while ignoring everything else in the universe
The curse of Balal didn't mess with her infinite reincarnations unlike Shem-ha's, so you can't simply call it weaker
Its not really weaker, it just works under different conditions
Small side effect of wanting to finish fights after 1 song, remixes, unison songs and having double the amount of main cast
And G
S1 ^
Are we supposed to expect a new unison song as Hibiki and Chris never had a duo song or will it be like an altered Radiant Force or Gekishou?
Nephilim wasn't a real character though <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Would be interesting
Make a spinoff AU where she survives
Similarly to Elza?
So a Yubel-like character?
That's also an option but why would they...? They are clearly interested in keeping everything vague. They had 5 seasons to show their relationship on the screen and yet refused to do so.
Unless we're going the new Marvel Studios route with Bluray DLCs
How can I find it?
Never heard about anyone here writing fanfics
What fanfic?
They can leave the moon themselves... I mean they flew in space and came back in season 1... if they can just simply ignore Earth's gravity then the moon's gravity is a piece of cake
Kanade is like "haha why am I the only one who never comes back"
Having gigantic characters will most likely mean they will barely move so I'd rather not go that route 🙂
Yeah but Symphogear also had the idea of giving a combat cape to Maria that was a pretty unique concept and made her fighting style in G enjoyable
Before XV aired I was hoping the gods would have unique non-humanoid designs and that they'd be far stronger. Not talking about destructive power, but actual different methods of combat, unique skills, and not just "lazors" <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Symphogear "gods" are humanoid, and Enki is a bishoujo for whatever reason, so don't expect the Custodians to look like that ever <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
No he was clearly being serious. Don't you know Kaneko asked Araki's permission to add Polnareff to Symphogear?
How...?
Either way its the xv channel so it doesn't belong here
Araki reintroduced him just to kill him and bring him back as a freaking turtle... "good" story design
Pol is clearly the "main"
He really wasn't... he got the most development on part 3... Jotaro was labeled as the main as he was the actual JoJo, but Araki didn't really develop him at all on part 3
Pol was the main character of part 3, while Tsubasa is a semi-main, so I wouldn't compare between them 😉
Ogawa Hibiki best ship <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Technically the legend should mention 7 or 8 girls... Kanade had a heroic death and should be mentioned... and Serena did kill herself but we don't know anything special about her beyond that
Maybe if Symphogear had phonic levels in numbers people would be more interested <:Ver:336656981144109066>
People enjoy simple things regardless of quality...
Nanatsu no Taizai copied the concept for whatever reason and it didn't go well either
Yeah... when you start numbering strength it becomes stupid
It honestly wasn't a bad idea, but you don't feel any sense of progression in strength anymore
And most animes copied that formula and use it up to this date
Oh
But when Toei used good animators it was fun to watch
I don't think I'd consider Dragon Ball to have the best fights when they never actually showed anything other than punches and energy beams without strategy
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
It's just a reference to Dragon Ball Super...
Good decision
Yeah let's add 12 dimensions to Symphogear and have a tournament of songs
And the rest of the custodians opposed her but she kept ressurecting, and instead of thinking "hmmm she gets to live again by taking over human bodies maybe if we get rid of them she will officially remain dead" they were like "fuck this we are out of here"
She simply wanted to take over the planet
And the Annunaki could've just wiped out humanity thousands of years ago to get rid of Shem-Ha, but apparently they didn't think of that <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Shem-ha's motiviation is as generic as it can get from a villain, unless they plan to give her a reason later on before "redemption"
You need to understand Akira Toriyama wants to add the Symphoverse as the 13th universe so it is related to XV 😉
Unless you set "no limits" as a premise from the very beginning ^
If the person who is responsible for how things are going knows how to deal with escalation it can be very impressive... most just don't
It has some of the best art styles in anime up to date in my opinion. Some characters look weird or stupid but most have very decent to good looking designs with plenty of details
I think stuff like Sengoku Basara was trying to have overwhelming strength mixed with different fighting styles, and the animation was really good, but the story was lacking
I liked the fighting styles of gear users in the early seasons because they all fought differently, and had to adjust themselves to what the gear has to offer
XDrive wasn't even impressive to begin with, because once again, just a bunch of random explosions
That's why adding techniques and complex fighting styles help give some sort of a strength feeling to characters' actions, but most animes avoid that and would rather have "I stand here and shoot beams, good luck" type of characters
Strength is often measured in destructive powers, but after a certain extent when characters start busting universes in a punch it no longer feels like a fight and feels like just a bunch of random explosions
That's why in OPM the author never labels something as a "god level threat" even though Boros doesn't fit a Dragon-level in-universe
I know, its a very stupid gimmick, but people like it...
And yeah, I think people would be more interested in Symphogear if there was some kind of a way to measure a character's strength... people get hyped over that for some reason
I mean, people labeled Broly as the best thing ever, when its just "oh I hate those monkies but I picked a couple and went with them to Earth and suddenly he is the strongest thing ever oh now he is trying to kill me, oh Goku and Vegeta fused oh the movie is over" in a nutshell
For the time being, yeah... more or less
She is a grown girl now
I think the fact villains label themselves as villains is a mistake
It doesn't really have to be a tragedy either... when you label someone as a villain he doesn't necessarily have to either be an evil character or a tragic hero
Even having what could be 2 protagonists with clashing ideals through some kind of a legitimate reason would make a very interesting arc
That's not a bad thing though...
They are talking about high voltage
It was just fanservice that made no sense..
I am aware of everything... I just think every part (except for part 1) ends through some kind of a bullshit asspull so I don't consider their ending satisfying
Is that why you don't let JoJo go? 😛
Even if its not what you expected it to happen, you have to somehow understand its just a show to advertise songs
Its still fresh... but just give it a few months and you'll see how slowly you (hopefully) won't care about it as much as you do now
Wasn't my intention though
Yeah I figured someone might think of it that way
lul
Everything has a replacement. It might never give you the same feeling Symphogear did, but you'll find stuff to "fill" the hole
Yeah just like people said that about Dragon Ball, Naruto and so on and found something else to replace it
If you like animes about fighting while singing, maybe we'll have more of that gimmick in the future. If you just like the concept behind it there are plenty of magical girl shows out there
Its fine 😛
Hayato was a key component to dealing with Kira. Kira got rid of Hayato by mistake, he never intended that. Having consequences to actions would've turned this part to be far more interesting, but instead Araki just went "nah I am not dealing with that let's fix everything" and went on
I still think you don't get what I am saying..
I know, but its just Araki playing safe instead of going to a completely differently unique arc
I am talking about how Kira killed Hayato and stabbed himself to get Bites the Dust to save himself for the mess he created
I don't like when a writer breaks the status quo and then fixes it immediately because its just playing safe
And it was annoying because Kira could've been developed way differently
The fact Araki saved Kira through it just skipped an interesting plot point
I don't have a problem with Bites the Dust as a concept
Are you talking about Bites the Dust and Josuke bringing back Hayato after being completely blown up or Okuyasu suddenly deciding he doesn't want to die yet? 😛
People like Dio so Araki just handed them a fanservice addition... its pretty much like how we got Ver in AXZ for no reason
-_-
Testosterone increases aggression in general... 😛
Now it depends whether we get a Hibiki carry like usual or something like G's ending
Think of it that way, how fast did it take for Fine to turn into that dragon thing? Nephilim's red form? Carol's tiger thing? Adam's true form? They showed up pretty early in the last episode, showed some of their power until the protagonists came with some kind of an attack and finished them off...
Every season finale had a "big" monster so probably
I didn't really complain about that, Dinoboy was surprised they showed up so I simply talked about it
Enemies teaming up to deal with a third party is often used in literature, and was even used IRL throughout history, so its nothing new really... it's not something specific to Symphogear
I don't even think Ogawa's brothers will really be relevant next episode... it just was weird seeing new characters an episode before the series ends
Not that it really matters if people enjoy that
Yeah I mentioned that quite a bit over the season..
And yet to people who don't read those they came out of nowhere 😛
Well they suffered from the same fate as the AXZ trio, and they just magically returned for a moment to introduce the seasonal hacks aka Amalgam and then never showed up again, so I doubt there's a reason for them to return
Oh...
So I'd rather not spoil
I am not sure if every single person here watched ep 12 yet
-.-'
Rip discord
They just feel like they were there... I never cared about what they've done in the series and the show insisted on making them relevant for every episode even though they clearly didn't have anything to offer. For some reason they also thought they can't live with human beings because they are "full monsters" even though they weren't really that different from normal people.
You're welcome, but if you've ever felt alone and you are that much of a JoJo fan you could've joined that gigantic community years ago
Am I allowed to say now that NR was a mistake or would people still get butthurt over the fact I think they never had to exist in XV? 😛
Everything in Ep 12 was expected to happen... <:MichaSmug:336657136065052673>
I assume she needs it to exist but who knows...
Would Shem-Ha be powerless/weaker if they ended up breaking her vambarce before she took over Miku? Any keywords about that? <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
And I don't think this series can carry a season without a main antagonist, because the drama would have to be created somewhere else, and that's not something Symphogear ever did.
Melua is saying there isn't really an actual conflict. Its just noise showing up - the gears get rid of them - more noise - more gears and so on. There isn't really something that would create a new equation, as before Fine we've never heard of any gear user fighting something other than the noise themselves.
Or an alternative universe..
If they go for some sort of a spinoff, I hope they make Kanade the main character, and let Hibiki rest on a bench for a while if possible
Nephilim wasn't really a main antagonist either... it was just a big red monster trying to eat stuff, so there is some sort of a difference, but overall it'll probably have the same formula, unless we'll have a surprise announcement in XV's finale, but they usually save those for the live shows so that's not really likely
That's why more episodes would've fixed that
The entire Tsubasa-Fudou arc ended up too quickly and felt like it just resolved and got forgotten
Maybe even some episodes to just build up Shem-Ha so she just wouldn't be a "I want to take over the world" character and that's it
XV needed 24 episodes to flesh out Fudou as a character and give his motivation legitimacy if they insist so hard on pushing NR in
Just like they would've done to Carol if we had more seasons
Ep 12 was insanely obvious
Or actual gear parts of hers attaching to other gear users to "buff them" up
A buffer doesn't have to be in the front lines... imagine some sort of an enhancing song that increases the abilities of other symphogears in range, just like what that blonde girl did in Qualidea Code if you know that anime
They could go with some kind of unique Symphogear that has no offensive capabilities by serves as a "buffer"
That was a large part of her role throughout Symphogear, yes
I believe you tried to say a damsel in distress...
Only antagonists reject her help and they suicide in the end so...
Melombe is obviously spoilering the future. S6 has Noble Blue as the main antagonists.
They are saving Fudou in a cell so he could have a redemption arc in S6 before suiciding like any other Symphogear villain, don't worry <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
If you don't really know about SnB, there was an antagonist that literally killed races through some stupid excuse of wanting humanity to be on the top, and then got a redemption arc that didn't even justify his actions and he lived in the end. Atleast Milaarc died, even though it was just a cutesy death that she didn't deserve.
<@!260863818735943680> Listen, they didn't get a redemption arc like Chris in Shingeki no Bahamut did after all he had done, so it could've been far worse...
They died just like the alchemists died, by turning into glitter <:Ver:336656981144109066>
I just see XV as something similar to Spiderman 3 (the Venom-Sandman-Green Goblin movie). It flopped because it had too much content going on through a small period of time. XV somewhat resolves this issue by simply getting rid of things that didn't get fully developed like the Tsubasa arc, but in return some arcs don't feel impactful enough in the end..
The excuse of writing up to only 13 episodes shouldn't be a thing in this situation
And why wouldn't you plan ahead both of them together if you know both are supposed to happen?
Whoops, I mean when AXZ and XV got announced
More episodes would've fixed that because they clearly insisted on throwing NR hard every episode. They had 26 episodes already planned when AXZ and XV ended, but this is the result, so either change stuff such as how the season was built or let it have more episodes to develop
She didn't have to burn anything. Her singing output far surpasses memory combustion, and she just copy-pastes memories in general, so showing that as a downside isn't needed (even though once again, she didn't have to use that). Its just the narrative of having the big guy losing so the main antagonist gets hyped as a strong character type of writing.
They started her origin story there, talked about that priest's(?) daughter and it was obvious Shirabe belongs there, but from what I remember there was supposed to be some kind of an addition to that story in XV
They started her story in AXZ and never developed it further
Should we expect a Shirabe origin story on ep 13 or did Kaneko throw that out of the series?
Maybe she forgot how to stand up, and that's why she was lying on the floor the entire episode <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
She is the MC she can literally do anything incase that's not obvious after so many seasons
Saying that they contradict themselves is an opinion, because on one hand they show extreme situations of sexuality, or push sexual themes into their medias on regular basis, and yet it is very socially acceptable there to keep everything to yourself. Being modest is highly appreciated there, and they are having much harder time showing their actual feelings and affection towards others.
I think what is happening here is overreaction. The Japanese culture supports shyness and introversion, much more than the western cultures. I don't see how exactly did I judge them offensively when I was talking about their usual approach towards affection and sexuality when I was referring to why they refuse to show Hibiki and Miku together as an actual couple on screen
Japan is weird because they contradict themselves. They are far from being the most sexual driven society in our day and age, and yet they insist on pushing sexual themes into their media on regular basis. Think of how weird it is how they have rules to censor certain body parts, yet insist on creating hentai and "erotic" fanservice. Yet, they are generally very timid, and get overly hesitant in showing the most basic forms of affection that are socially acceptable around the world.
Don't you know that kissing, indirect kissing and handholding are forbidden arts for the Japanese culture, and yet, bouncing gigantic boobs and lolis are things they worship? Logic is really strong there.
I know, its not specifically a Symphogear problem
Well... I mostly feel Amalgam is cheap because they are losing "oh hell yeah let's pull our hax out" and win the fight a moment after. It feels kind of cheap and I don't like that, but eh...
I like Kanade more than Hibiki and Maria's trio, but they wanted to create some sort of a shock-factor moment early on to pull people in and killed her off 😛
I know, but other character cameos would also be fanservice lol
I don't think they are going to bring any more characters back. Germain came literally out of nowhere, no one questioned that and she simply disappeared after she handed Hibiki the seasonal hax. They didn't handle her well and I don't think they'll handle other cameos in 1 episode well.
She was mostly a character back in S1 and somewhat of a character in S2. Beyond that she was a background reminder that Hibiki has someone to go to once she has some free time
Well that's too bad Miku barely had any time to be an actual character in XV so they can't do anything with her
It was obvious from the get-go she isn't straight... it just felt unneeded
The only weird part about Hibiki-Miku is the fact Hibiki stated to Chris back in S1 she never had a boyfriend, as if that really matters...
If there is some sort of a relationship they neglected in Symphogear its obviously the Obama-Trump one 😦
They both know they love each other. They sleep together in the same bed. They shower together. In what world isn't that a relationship?
Yep... more or less...
You should at the very least be happy that this isn't one of those animes where they passively develop a relationship between 2 characters, just so it ends before anything actually happens between them. Here we know from the get-go that there is something going on between them...
Its heavily implied they'll be together... you can just fill the rest in your head if you won't get such scene.
I know that for Japan anime is niche, but many anime-related phenomenons are socially acceptable there. Not everything was invented out of the blue.
Sigh...
How exactly would a series lack tension if a character failed to fulfill its "destiny" and in return there are consequences affecting other characters or the world itself?
I know, but people want realism to a certain extent.
Eh... not everyone gets to finish their "story arcs" in real life, I don't see why every single one has to finish them over literature. Making consequences once someone dies before finishing his mission would make a series far less linear.
Eh... not entirely. Imagine if Sasuke would've died against Deidara in Shippuden instead of going through his stupid redemption near the end of Naruto.
I've watched enough animes over time. I am simply stating my own opinion.
Eh... I don't think every character deserves to finish their story arc.
I don't think stories would be shitty without plot armor... they'd just have to build around switching main characters over time, if they are interested in making it a long-running series.
I know it won't happen because they won't bring her back at this point, but seeing Fine figuring out she made a Symphogear out of her boyfriend's hand would've been funny <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Like I've said, Miku didn't feel like an actual character in XV. She clearly is a plot device. She even "hinted" Hibiki about what will happen once Shem-Ha takes over
I just don't like that in general
I just gave it as an example to show it isn't a Symphogear-only problem.
People are having a hard time changing over actual evidence. She had a conversation with a few teenagers, like I've said, for a couple of minutes, and had a change of heart. Its not specifically something only Symphogear does (as talk-no-jutsu) was quite often used in Naruto, but that's simply not something I see that fits. It is exactly what I was talking about a sense of realism that often feels needed in a fictional series to at least partially increase the emotional investment in a series... at least that's how I see it. You don't really have to accept my point of view, as it is clearly opinion based.
Oh right, I forgot Adam didn't
She did...?
Fine isn't alive because Kaneko likes giving villains a self-sacrifice moment. The only one villain that broke that formula so far is Carol, and for all we know she might not make it next episode.
I enjoy the show to a certain extent, I just don't take it seriously like it is some sort of a deep or meaningful story, as otherwise I'd seriously stop enjoying it.
I don't see that as a flamewar, but I don't mind not continuing it.
I am not taking Symphogear seriously, and her entire shtick was around the "proclaimed" gods. She didn't fail to fulfill her storyarc, but simply acted way out of her character after being influenced by a few singing teenagers who talked to her over a couple of minutes.
Batman vs Superman wasn't realistic in the slightest
What...?
Ok, my bad
Unless I am wrong <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
He is just being overly passionate about something he likes... I doubt he actually feels anxiety... I believe its some sort of a writing pattern he likes to use
Don't worry, the odds of something bad happening to Miku are very low
A person's ideology changes quickly when they are "young and fresh". The older they get, and the more experience they accumulate over time, affects how easily they change. Older people have a much harder time changing their POV or adapting in general. Fine, who lived for thousands of years, should have a rock-hard POV that shouldn't be swayed easily, but it did. I don't think she should've even been changed easily IF someone told her that Enki is dead and her entire motivation was wrong, because why would she suddenly think the way she perceives reality is in any shape or form different from how it actually is,  but that might've somewhat sparked a pinch of doubt in her. I just don't feel like its right for a story to break a character and do a 180 with it after such a short period of time. Fudou didn't change (yet, and hopefully no one would break him over a 3 minute speech), why would Fine?
I mean, I know it was related to his linker, but it still felt random
Oh right I forgot Sugita was pushed in AXZ for no reason and got forgotten shortly after
This reaction would be very interesting if you'd ask me...
Seems like a waste of money...
I am not sure they'll pull her VA just to voice in a few specials
Don't you want to see Fine's reaction if she could figure out she made a Symphogear out of her boyfriend's arm? <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
The scorpion was only shown on the very first episode and then they never used it again
I was being sarcastic... those background characters just stood there... I think only Fine was animated
Yeah the greasy red hair costs too much to animate <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
At this point I think the OP both showed the linear formula of XV alongside past characters that died, who are associated with whomever showed up next to them. Showing them there has no relevance to the plot and for some reason they didn't even show Kanade... <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Don't ignore the spoilers, spoilers are the essence of life <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
They already exclude Hibiki from the rest in the preview pictures... I don't want another Hibiki solo fight 😐
But she wasn't responsible for any of her actions unlike HF
Miku's dialog in ep 1 was really inspired by Sakura
The deepest part of the vambrace is a portal to the corrupted holy grail, obviously. It is about time to give birth to Avenger <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Ver at least runs around in Maria's head all of the time. Germain is stuck, waiting for Hibiki to lose to give her some more hax.
Maybe its just Germain crying she wasn't relevant at all in XV <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Let Shem Ha work for google they might need more hackers for future projects
Shem Ha uses a mecha huh... was kind of obvious
*reason
Anyway it doesn't appear on my phone for some reaso
lol the website doesn't work on my computer but works on my phone...
Where do you see the hands picture on the preview?
But Shem Ha did nothing afterwards and just had a headache, while Hibiki was afk under house arrest <:Ver:336656981144109066>
<@125353790537728001> They can't let Carol win because it is the usual "the big old villain gets owned by the new one to hype it up before getting owned by the main protagonists" kind of formula.
Seems like a waste to destroy potential weapons
Do you even need to delete relics when you can alter the properties of the relics by simply hitting them?
But yeah she'll probably get owned like everyone else
It is a part of her faust robe so I don't know if you can treat that as actual damage
Nah I don't think the custodians should get involved here. They decided to leave humanity alive and seal Shem Ha away instead of permanently killing her. Suddenly showing up again would just be annoying.
Then just imagine there is a spinoff of Doctor Ver fisting Shem Ha with Nephilim and you'll be good to go
Or just treat her as a fictional character and get some sleep like you are supposed to...
They can always invent some new gimmick. They pushed alchemy out of nowhere in GX, what's stopping them from throwing another thing for a movie?
Don't worry, Fudou will have a stomach ache and he'll have to accept the song of Tsubasa to get cured before he goes through a redemption arc and turns into glitter. That's the plot of the future movie 😉
And then, as Shem Ha is no longer there, the Custodians get to Earth and blow up the planet and the series ends <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Just sing until they revive
Just remind me what is it because I clearly don't remember one
Yeah just like they saved Chris in S1 with a cost
Even AXZ's finale consequences got shafted after 4 episodes in XV... its really not a franchise that adds long-term consequences
When exactly did Symphogear have any consequences other than the first episode or AXZ's finale?
Wow Inori is tiny
Maria was stupid in all seasons... on XV its debatable. But up to AXZ you can just sum her up in a tomato girl thinking about a rapist doctor to find a love recipe to be able to sing efficiently <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Adam did do wrong, he let the body of Tikki remain for a couple of days on the same spot and didn't either take her away or made sure she is completely destroyed so that he wouldn't just lose due to some stupid situation like "oh I am going to jump on your leg so you can't stop Hibiki"
Shem Ha can just take over Hibiki and then they can't do anything to her...
But eh...
Seeing how useless the monsters are after looking at Noble Red, it'd be far more beneficial for her to just keep humanity as a resource pool of future bodies once she gets killed in her current one
Please no discs. Araki destroyed the concept of disks with his bullshit on part 6
They'll fight Shem Ha, one or two songs, Shem Ha gets overpowered through the power of friendship, she gets mad and summons her mecha. She overpowers them until Miku somehow affects her through the power of friendship and love as she sees Hibiki tries to save her. Everyone powers up Hibiki because Kaneko insists this will be the Hibiki show, she beats Shem Ha up and Shem Ha cannot ressurect herself due to some stupid excuse and the episode ends. <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
It is beyond me why they give a spinoff a great team while the original is mostly made out of mediocrity
I don't expect much from Railgun T but they brought back the same director so who knows...
Even up until like 2015 they were alright... Railgun S is like one of their best adaptations
😦
They used to be a good studio years ago
If you want a guaranteed milking you should pray Satelight will give Symphogear to JC Staff, but that probably means a decrease in quality
lol in the end if this is the final animated thing out of Symphogear you might as well consider everyone as dead as they'll never show up again on screen <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
Everyone is dead after this episode because its the end
Miku is dead and in the op <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
😉
No one dies in Symphogear unless they kill themselves or isn't really important to the cash cow and only die for a shock factor moment
😉
Miku is dead
Hibiki Chris is the new canon
Its not an isekai..
Its not the last episode if you get isekai'd to the Symphogear verse <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Dino get on my level, if you are an actual Symphogear fan you need to travel forward in time to see the episode before anyone else and than travel back and spoiler us
Depending on how popular they are
That depends... some franchises get full adaptations and they don't ditch details
But you can't really pull people into such a gimmick through a writing source as a big part of why this series works is due to its vocal properties
Their only way of making everything calculated is having an original source
S1 had more character development and drama than any other season
No one is meant to die, they want money and Kaneko isn't willing to break the status quo even though he had million opportunities to do so
When I say X isn't a character I mean they never existed on their own but just to show some sort of a story Kaneko came up with
Serena isn't a character
Kanade's death was a shock factor moment, she was never intended to be an actual living character to begin with
When exactly did that ever happen?
Plot armor is a big thing in Symphogear unless you are a villian who likes to suicide to show you are a good guy now
Only the wink is the trolling part
Wow its been a while since I've seen that series
Before Suzuka showed up
Oh that was on that restaurant scene probably
So that might be it
It does look like Harutora from Tokyo Ravens
Tokyo Ravens?
Then according to what they decide whether a new season gets released or not?
Season releases are still dependent on BD sales....
Might be less profitable for them
I have no idea how much money they make off CR though
Buy the bluerays or something, does that even matter
You can pirate the episodes and support the franchise in other ways if its that important to you 😐
That's pirate Fine its from Symphogear
||Chris has enough ups to mitigate her height so I don't think she cares||
lul
When someone exists just to give another character a reason to act I don't count them as characters but simply as writing tools
Kanade had something going on with her, but she never existed on her own
Atleast her role was interesting
I wish Kanade was an actual character though... she seemed much better than most of the cast
We already talked about it, Serena isn't a character and Kanade was invented for shock factor only, so I don't think she should be counted either
Villains just suicide, except for Adam
Relax
Its Symphogear
Dude
Maybe they liked how villains died, came back to life and then killed themselves again with glitter for a fabulous exit
That's obvious, I am just using MAL as a perspective
Although they have nearly 400k members in general so just most didn't rate it
96k is relatively small for a mainstream anime
Interesting
Kimetsu has such a small amount after all the noise people made on episode 19?
Well more like a "modern" show to be exact, as very old ones might have those numbers
I've never seen a show having less than 2k raters after it ends
Its 8.75 after being rated by less than 2k people...
Oh well
They went with like the safest most obvious ending
Guess Fine's soul isn't dead enough to not exist when there is enough phonic gain
Carol & Hibiki's conversation before the gold transmutation felt kind of cringeworthy in my opinion
S1 is still the best season <:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
All of XV is fanservice, why do you need more?
lol
Carol did what every Symphogear villain does - suicide
lol this episode...
lol
Hibiki's next finishing move will be an indirect kiss towards all of the Custodians to one-shot them
Nothing he is afk in his prison
He is just a random blob Kaneko came with and ended too early to make him an impactful villain
No
Fudou isn't a main antagonist
Not that hard to figure that out
Or maybe do the logical thing and don't waste 12 episodes on Noble Red?
They were just being friendly
Where the hell did you see anyone shipping Miku and Chris?
The custodians: Oh crap look what Shem-Ha did we need to leave this planet after we seal her away, we can't get rid of her otherwise. Hibiki: "Hey Shem Ha we have feelings and stuff so let us live our lives" Shem-Ha: "Fine screw my motivation I am leaving who cares about anything bye"
Elf9 is waifu bait, Carol is a villian, according tradition she wants to kill herself so that's the result
Now we need a movie with Shem Ha suiciding to continue Symphogear's tradition of villains disliking their lives for no reason
That's a nice motivation
Yeah wanting revenge after she became hostile towards them by trying to take over the planet
Just wait for the movie 😉 😉
Shem Ha is afk waiting for  her time to suicide like every good old Symphogear villain
No she is afk waiting for her turn to suicide
They wanted to be humans, which is fine, but they kept on insisting they can't communicate with human beings or create bonds with them. They kept on crying all of the time on how much they suffer and work for the sake of "their family", but their dumb actions all around this season made them a throwaway doll that no one wants to deal with
She kept on upgrading the gears several times so even if she doesn't know she still does her little magic
Did you switch the scores between XV and S1?
Overall, the songs remained good so there's that
Best - S1, it had something going on for it. Some of the scenes were unnecessary, but overall it let characters develop instead of farting power ups and filler episodes out of the blue. Second place G(I guess?, some of its plot was stupid but some parts were still enjoyable, and the best fights were in G), GX, AXZ and XV all weren't planned at all and felt like a complete mess that Kaneko had no idea how to deal with, so they're tied in the lowest.
Or maybe you'll read the actual interactions between characters and decide whether you liked that or not
Oh
Just watch it
It doesn't even count as a spoiler if the writer isn't aware of the fact its supposed to be a spoiler 😐
They just decided to give it an actual reference
Dino, they never thought of that before
Oh October 2nd is going to be amusing if that new anime would keep its premise intact
I don't think Kanade ever considered her to be her romantic partner, but Maria pretty much fills up the same role
I like Kanade better though
That's what Maria had going on for her for most of the time
Maria is the Kanade replacement, not Chris
Because she called her "senpai"?
And honestly does that even matter...?
Its not even confirmed but who knows
It's just like as if Chris would say "Hey I am not attracted to girls" and people would be like "holy shit I didn't see that coming"
This specific situation isn't something that can be considered as subtext, and just has to do with people being in denial for whatever reason
I mean, would you call someone "your sunshine" and sleep with them everyday in the same bed if you don't have anything romantic towards them?
It was obvious from the get-go in S1 they are together, so I don't get what's the point of certain people
Well I wouldn't be surprised... it seems like some fans only care whether there is a gay couple on this series or not, and don't care about anything else
Some people wouldn't be satisfied with that unless they shout in maximum volume "we are together" so eh...
Yugioh GX is kind of a filler as Yugi gets Atem back for whatever reason
Where exactly?
And yet there is no alternate universe with an actual new Symphogear relic
Maria is the needy one lol
Dragon Ball Super was bad from start to end. They only had very specific good animations in very specific scenes simply because they only used their good animators in "hype" moments because they are expensive
It doesn't matter how old they are, they aren't a good studio, they prefer to produce an infinite amount of bad episodes over a small amount of actually good ones
Did you see how they handled Dragon Ball Super, One Piece, World Trigger, Saint Seiya Omega and so on?
Yeah so that's why so many of their projects flop hard 🙂
They prefer quantity over quality. They have very few good animators, while the rest are some interns that only get hired because they are cheap.
Maybe because Toei animation isn't a good animation studio? That's quite obvious
Precure is handled by Toei so that's already a big minus
I am not talking shit, I am just being realistic... why bother with logic if it often just doesn't exist in this franchise? Its not always a bad thing, as some of the fun moments weren't logical.
You're welcome 😉
Just tell him that just like Carol's faust robe survived a massive explosion everything can happen in Symphogear because nothing has to make any sense
Its the usual good old Kaneko writing
And I am only talking about animation and art, not the trashy storyline
And we've seen how mediocre Super was so lol
They used the same staff on different projects throughout the years
Or maybe you should stop denying that if most of the projects out a single studio turn out to be bad in the end the studio itself isn't a good one
Love comes in many ways, and it was obvious they aren't going to show intimate acts so that's the result.
He wants additional original animation to show up on the screens behind the actors
It was obvious they are together from the very beginning of S1. I have no idea why some people didn't get that, but they might simply be as dense as a harem protagonist if they literally couldn't figure that out after the show screams at your face "they love each other".
I mean, without Hibiki Shem-Ha would've gotten to them with the entire planet eventually
They left humanity in a situation where one day she might pop up again and delete them all, it doesn't seem like a great solution
If you are talking about theories go towards the first incident that can be changed instead of focusing on very specific things
A lot of this wouldn't have happened if the Custodians would've used their brains and killed humanity to get rid of Shem-Ha instead of sealing her and running away as if she is some sort of an unavoidable threat
Nah she could just use her brain and destroy them all and do whatever she wants without anyone being able to stop her
She needed edgy energy to activate the Chateau, and with only 3 users Ignite wouldn't be enough
Carol won't act if there aren't enough gears as she won't have enough edge energy
Then use your free time and learn how to draw and animate that scene if you need it that much to exist...
Then you must be a very logical person
If you are looking for logic in anime you should watch JoJo <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Just like Kirika and Shirabe, but their so-called sacrifice never did happen and it wasn't for the greater good
It wasn't for redemption though..
FIS never killed themselves
Eh... Chris did "kill" herself but we had a power of friendship moment in S1's finale and everyone got revived
If you happened to be a villain and your name isn't Chris/FIS trio prepare to kill yourself for some sort of redemption
Its just Kaneko's formula
Anyway, I don't fully understand why deleting memories kills you, as Carol was "empty" in GX and just copy-pasted Elfnein but whatever..
Elfnein was also in the very same body. She never had to kill herself to protect Elfnein as she could've just ran away
I know its a Symphogear theme but most living creatures want to live
If you only care about yourself or Elfnein which resides in the same body you wouldn't sacrifice your own life
She is just a tsundere
She obviously does
Carol was this close to killing Miku and turning Hibiki edgy
It probably works with any relic
It had nothing to do with a Symphogear system
If you don't remember Carol herself said they can overpower Shem-Ha because they have "7 songs" right now
So this argument is invalid
Even if its an automatic process they literally showed in the same episode earlier she can't fix herself anymore
She couldn't regenerate previously because of the 7 songs thing
They already "overpowered" her god powers
What if Carol's beam would've hit Miku's face instead and she would've ended up being dead?
Seems like one of the animators wasn't aware of where his frames belonged
With the way they were set-up, they had enough brute force to deal with everything that showed up in this series even without using advanced technology
Sun gears aka bathing suits?
Look for it over google
I believe it is
Don't you know Wind Wings the best Symphogear character?
I don't specifically care about this, its just the usual Kaneko "I didn't plan anything lol" writing
Would you imagine him and Fine as a couple? I wouldn't if I happened to be them lol
I don't think Hibiki mentioned Fine once since G but apparently now she is always in her mind with Enki (a person she barely saw as a hologram)
🙂
And apparently Chris forgot about her parents
And someone thought about the alchemist trio but forgot Adam existed
Yeah and apparently FIS keep on thinking about Ver all of the time
Kaneko should really think before he mentions anything 😐
It was just a nod because it was a finale
Ah yeah Doctor Ver was running in everyone's mind but Adam wasn't
Kaneko never had his story planned out, that's why many things just "show up", but people like that I guess
Dinoboyo66 MVP
Well like I've said, I just used it to describe annoyance, and its a commonly used word these days so I just used it without thinking
Fine, I am sorry, I'll use a different word next time for describing annoyance
It wasn't specifically about Nara 😐
Its just a word.
It wasn't directed at anyone
Sigh are you really getting mad because I used the word "triggered"?
I already explained several times why I am here, but people get triggered way too easily about my opinion so I don't bother having these annoying conversations over and over
And I am not offended by negative criticism so you don't have to apologize 🙂
Its kind of weird how you claim that while I am barely active here to begin with
You don't have to reply at all that's fine as well
And I am not going to have a conversation about that 🙂
The main cast literally stood on the ground without their gears and were unaffected by the fact there is a big hole pretty close to them
Keep in mind it made sense to not use her rockets on the moon, but even after she broke the ceiling, only Noble Red were affected while some of the main cast weren't even using their gears so I doubt it would've mattered in the long run
They got excited they gave her those rifles so they decided she'll only use them for around 80% of the season
At this point it really doesn't matter lol
Maybe its just indestructable
Durandal is Kanade's boyfriend in heaven
I was kind of hoping the dolls would reference something but eh... other than maybe a "god betrayed humanity" thing nothing... maybe they referred Chris that was being used like a doll...? :\
Yep, and it has a great ending song as well
Don't you guys want a "That's so Raven" spinoff with Ver as the glorious main character with the special power of "crazy faces" at his disposal?
SONG left Tikki's body half destroyed before encountering Adam and there was like what... 2 week timeskip?
She could cut Hibiki in half and throw her at the moon
You can always go for "more options" to make the series less convenient to the main cast but that's clearly not the franchise for that
If we are going that route she could always design the Symphogears with a self destruct option incase they somehow happened to be used against her
Its mostly up to the owners and if the people who got injured would be willing to return...
Is there a chance for KyoAni to be disbanded because of that?
I am trying to think how this situation even got to this point, as it makes no sense how it even happened 😐
Don't those types of facilities have people outside of the buildings that serve as guards like any other place owned by a company...?
But whatever...
I'd expect someone to try and attack Toei animation or JC Staff for treating their workers like crap, not Kyoto Animation
Meh..
I don't see why would anyone target an animation studio out of all things. Even if someone has some grudge towards a product, you try to attack the studio that makes it for what reason exactly? 😐
Some of their projects would either be delayed or cancelled...
From what I know the Japanese police isn't that experienced with those types of scenarios so I have no idea what they would have done. Some of their top producers are claimed to be missing and it was also stated that many of their products were burnt down
Makes me wonder if anyone tried to stop him, as it was stated he just ran all around and threw gasoline at people before setting everything on fire
I am not giving them anything. It is not possible to educate people not to be violet, as it has to do with brain functioning, hormones and DNA. If you want a permanent effect the best way to do so is DNA manipulation, and its not considered ethical all around the world
Stopping the violence isn't really possible as it is a part of the human nature
Well they don't really know those people so they don't really fully think about the fact people actually died
They aren't fond of anything that isn't a part of "nature" in their own eyes.
Many studies show brain activity that is similar to that of drug abuse in many religious people...
Yeah but I don't think humanity would ditch religion ever
Yeah, there are genes that affect the size and shape of your brain, or the amount of testosterone and serotonin receptors, and many more problems that can lead to violent behavior
Old Germany thought that everyone that doesn't belong to their race is automatically inferior. I am mostly talking about problematic genes that can pretty much appear all over the globe, unrelated to races.
Has nothing to do with race... I studied this subject over in a university this and last year. It can happen in pretty much any race.
😐
Telling them violence is bad won't just stop the violent thoughts from popping up in their head, nor will they stop their violent tendencies that way
I am not getting close to anywhere. Those kind of people should be excluded from society, but you can't really assess who is what as you don't just check on every people and their usual behavior.
If you'd study about human physiology, psychology and behavior you'll learn that certain people are more likely to be violent than others. It is related to DNA, and the process you're talking about takes thousands of years.
Just like people were elected as kings back in the day because apparently god told them they are the chosen ones and no one could deny as otherwise you defy your god's words.
The funny thing about belief is that religions were changed so many times throughout the history that they are no longer similar to what they were once they were conceived. So people follow some rules that previous leaders adjusted and think that a holy character has anything to do with that. I wouldn't be surprised if in a few hundred years religions would accept trans and gay people, and would act as if it was accepted from the very beginning just so they wouldn't have to admit religion is manmade.
Actually if you paid attention to some studies in social psychology, people have the tendency to become more extreme due to group polarization. It might have to do with that, as once many people support one's opinion he thinks his worldview is in fact a fact and not an opinion. So when you interact with an individual he is nice and all, but once he is a part of a group that completely support his agenda he becomes a piece of shit.
Most religious extremists cling to religion as if its some sort of a miracle that would fix all of their problems as long as they believe in it and obey its laws. They don't want to hear that people think they believe in something that might be wrong or doesn't just fit everyone, they think it is the absolute truth, and their entire life is based on that very specific belief, so in return they become hostile towards anyone that might think even slightly differently.
I wouldn't just say that without prior knowledge
I wouldn't say 80% but there is a large chunk probably
More like "you're free as long as you obey our worldview"
They could always lie about what they are doing to him to make it sound as if he is suffering every moment and no one would really know the truth if all they want is to make it less likely for people to copy his behavior
I am not sure a person like him cares about attention though... if the reports are right he simply did that because he thought they copied his pun on a novel he is writing or some stupid reason like that. It is an act completely based on delusional behavior and not some sort of an attention seeking thing
Yeah I guessed so, although completely ditching him would be a horrible experience for him for the few days he'll live
Then he will die in a few days from the lack of water... what would be the difference exactly?
But at some point it might feel too much even for the people who are responsible for him... and I don't think of anyone who is willing to torture someone for who knows how many years
They could always torture him but make sure he is kept alive so they can torture him again if all they want from him is to suffer
I thought OLM did Pokemon
Well if you feel it somewhat helps you go ahead... I think you should instead go to bed (as you mentioned you need to sleep), wake up fresh tomorrow, and if you have some free time start working on your story and see how it goes
I never questioned that... I am just trying to get to the point as we started this entire conversation due to your fear of getting your story rejected.
If you want to write a story, write one. If it turns out to be bad, nothing really happened, as you'll learn from your past mistakes and improve over time until you make something legitimately good.
Its fine you just need to live your life the way you want to, instead of living in fear of others' opinions
Not that I really justify that, but teenagers get mad very easily, sometimes over no reason
That might explain his behavior...
How old is he?
Writing isn't harmful in any shape or form
Listen, everyone has hobbies. If you are interested in writing a fanfic of something no one has the right to stop you.
You really shouldn't let your little brother control over you to the point he takes over your personal interests
Either that or publish it under a different name
I don't get how is that related to writing fanfics, but you don't have to show them what you write if that's the thing
This anime is supposed to be a commercial for the novel/manga. The only thing it makes people do is burst out in laugher for how bad it is
Ugh maybe... either way they might aswell have either delayed it or completely cancelled it. This adaptation is at the point where its harmful to the creator
That's why Vinland Saga has such a high score even though it started from a flashback and drags itself way too much compared to the manga - because Wit Studio's visuals are great
Yeah but people tend to overhype quality over there
I've never heard of that studio before, but it seems like nearly all of their products have a very low score in MAL
Yeah I guess... I doubt a studio like Bones would take Arifureta under their own project. They could've had a JC Staff adaptation but considering how overloaded JC Staff is currently and how every single thing that comes out of them is pure trash due to a lack of time and bad production there are no other choices. KyoAni doesn't pick Isekais from what I recall
If you'd look at the very old picture of that loli vampire and the edgy boy you'd see they look completely differently
You should if you're interested in a comedy, its quite entertaining
JC Staff pretty much murdered OPM S2, and I don't want to see Konosuba die down due to bad production
I really do hope they'll take Konosuba again as their own project after this movie ends. Knowing how popular Konosuba is I doubt it'll flop
Yep... Deen did a pretty good job in Konosuba, unlike Fate back in 2006
Sometimes characters just slide on the screen instead of moving fluidly
It doesn't look bad compared to accelerator, that's right. However, if you'd pay attention some scenes really do suffer from a lack of frames
I think there are a few more things
That milf isekai, Konosuba's movie, Danmachi 2, Accelerator
When it looks bad something is really wrong
Yeah, but an opening is usually used to pull people into the anime
Accelerator's opening looks really really bad though... I didn't get to watch the anime yet, but when the opening itself looks somewhat fanmade, with a low amount of detail and animation that's not really a good sign
I really do hope that the fool who decided to give JC Staff so many projects over 1 single year will learn his lesson after how bad they having been doing
Misaka got barely any screen time on season 3. They skipped so much content and tried to fit like 12 volumes in a 24 episode season
The only good thing about Index 3 is the second opening
I remember that Index 3 had a large list of producers and key animators and it looked like a complete pile of garbage
Well they did delay the anime by 1 season, that's usually not a good sign
You're talking about production
Oh
How come? I've heard many people talk about it
Ugh... so the chance for him to get a remake is nonexistent
Is Arifureta even popular in Japan?
He killed his own franchise <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Also knowing Japan they'll probably invest extra frames to tits bouncing all the time, as for some reason MAL describes 2 of the main cast to have "melon sized tits" so apparently it got mentioned in the original source 😐
Makes me wonder if there'll be some sort of a gimmick in the future that would mix cel shading and art with digital drawings. I guess it is used to some extent even these days, but old animes have some sort of a charm that the "current age" animes lack
That's a shame, really. In terms of visuals that studio can do some pretty good animations from what I've seen
Oh... well... atleast that CGI is better than the usual CGI shoved in anime, but from what I read all around MAL everyone say its complete shit
Talking about the characters themselves... something about their facial expressions and the way they look looks somewhat CGIy for me
I don't know why but whenever I look at that Hand Shakers thing I get a feeling somewhere CGI is hiding in there
Well Berserk has several problems regardless. The content in the manga itself doesn't fit many people due to how gruesome it can be, and also there are many detailed things there that would require extra effort to translate to anime form
Also there are too many bad creations and every single thing that gets even the slightest of attention gets an anime for advertisement. The market is infested with garbage tier anime, and it does occupy the better more talented animators in the market.
Atleast they did well with Kaguya Sama, hopefully we'll get another season one day
Yep
Things lacked impact, the animation wasn't really amazing and the pacing was stupid and all over the place
Although, if I am completely honest, the 7 deadly sins' season 2 felt very very bad
Yep... it might flop
Even Taboo Tattoo had pretty good visuals, it just suffered from other problems
Yeah but it wasn't really needed... atleast it was somewhat enjoyable
JC Staff did have good projects a while ago. Look at Railgun S for instance - the adaptation was really good if we ignore the filler stuff they pushed in to fit into 2 cours.
Fairy gone has some decent visuals but lacks plot... was a pretty boring experience for me and my friends
If I'm not wrong it is already confirmed there are 25 dead and 39 injured
Since you have a Miku picture, its quite simple. People posted some of the Quintuplets dub over youtube, and whoever dubs Fuutarou does very weird noises from time to time or simply talks in a weird kind of way. The voice clearly doesn't fit the character at all but its very amusing because of how out of place it feels
Holy shit I can't believe companies keep dubbing animes in English that badly to the point it becomes entertaining from how bad it is
Yeah pretty much
He simply ditched an entire faction of characters because they found out Carly's VA belongs to a cult irl and they were forced to change the entire plot
5Ds had a good idea but the writer got screwed over cult activity
Forgot the name of that place, I thought about Academy city but its from Toaru
In his island probably looking for food or something
Yep
Maybe in 7 years for the 30th anniversary we'll get another one of those
I'd rather have a new DM season over Vrains, Zexal or Arc V but apparently they don't think that's a good idea
Yeah they did a really good job in letting old fans enjoy the "good old days" of the franchise
Unless you're playing Hearthstone
Mai got locked in a freaking hourglass and in the dub all she cared about is her friends leaving her
Joey's deck did rely on random effects for the most part, or summoning a fusion monster by normal summoning it because "screw the rules"
Although under DM's settings with 4k LP it might be better
They freaking hyped Drillago and that card was considered trash when it got released IRL
Marik's deck was a mishmash of random monsters with no synergy and Ra
For a series about a card game so many people wanted to kill a bunch of children and ended up giving up on using their guns/whatsoever for a one on one duel for the fate of the world <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Yeah but I don't think it had to do with self defense... they just killed him because they thought it looked cool
Arcana with the random DM with an alternative artwork
Most villains of the week that had zero connection to the main antagonist of each arc/the shadow hunters under Marik were trying to murder Yugi
Kaiba did change slowly, he kept on acting similar most of the time as his pride was his most prominent part, but it can slowly be seen how he no longer only thinks about himself and Mokuba, if we somewhat ignore his obsession with Atem
The idea with how you link stuff is alright, but the fact you can spam them because of how generic and easy to summon they are makes them unfun for me
I don't like how generic links are
Pendulums ruined the game until they got nerfed and now links just made everything new so overpowered there is little to no interaction
With the Xyzs and all the garbage they kept printing? yeah... summoning mechanics became too generic
Its no longer fun IMO
Power creep got so serious that you just play for 15 minutes, build an unbreakable board with alot of negations and hope the opponent can't overcome that
Its fine, I don't suggest touching current yugioh
Wow it was such a long time since I played Yugioh
Elemental Heroes never had contact fusion, it was Neo Spacians
Oh actually
And they ruled over the meta in 2008 before TeleDad was a thing
GBs aren't Elemental Heroes though
Powercreep is nice..
Until GB got a permanent contact fusion
Contact Fusion? yeah
I remember that when GX aired I thought Arcana Force is a really cool archetype until I figured out its all about coin flips 😐
Used to back in the day. Also played DN back in the day before Konami butchered it through threats of suing
And they had too many signers
People just don't like Crow shoved down their throat especially after how prominent BWs were
Sayer was supposed to lead to an Aki-focused arc but instead she was just a bench-girl in love with Yusei
Oh yeah you're right
Let me check
Wasn't it brown?
They literally threw the entire plot revolved around that
Didn't you see that Psychic dude who wanted to add Aki to his cult but just was thrown out of the series?
She was supposed to develop with Jack but nope she is now offscreen for good
They threw the character even though they had so much going on with her
Wow I looked at tabletops for the very first time and I saw them talking about some relic with Carol gang and I didn't get what was going on, thought there is some sort of a Symphogear card game or something
Yeah well... he is still an insanely overpowered card if we look at it from 5D's standards. The game reached a level that you have to be more overpowered than Dragon Rulers and Judgment to be playable which is sad.
Solemn might be used, 3 Trish most of the time wouldn't unless there is some sort of a dumb hand loop thing
CED got errata'd and is considered a bad due to how fast the game became
Yep
lol
Super poly got unlimited a few days ago
Not the ftk variant though
Wow I really miss stuff like gate heroes
Japan in general probably thinks a "badass" OP gamer doesn't need much friends and should just have a gigantic harem to appeal to some sort of an audience that still buys that crap even though its a copy-paste with slightly modified settings
Oh also Inuyasha has a balance between males/females.
Digimon is an isekai with an equal amount of females/males if I am not wrong lol
NGNL is still mostly a bunch of cute girls around Sora and his lolicon incest fetish. Slime have both females and males but they're pretty much fodder, and obviously the female characters receive more attention to create a "monster harem". Overlord... ugh... the female characters get more attention like the Slime isekai, but ignoring Albedo and Shalltear drooling over Ainz, it has some sort of a balance. However, Madhouse butchered the series so whatever...
They always get the same premise aswell, most isekais are built around MMOs and the main character is instantly overpowered. Most characters there don't have an actual personality but instead are stepping stones for the MC just to show how "amazing" he is.
More CGI dancing scenes incoming <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Her entire character was based on her little brother's incident if I remember correctly
I enjoyed the idea behind it, but it felt really dragged on. The main cast enters a new village "oh no its being destroyed by a demon" - they beat it, then suddenly look! a new son/daughter of Naraku appears out of nowhere, but they are literally indestructible because "our heart is somewhere else so we can't die". Copy paste it several times throughout the series, with Inuyasha constantly getting sword upgrades that don't help much because the enemies can't die.
Inuyasha was somewhat dragged on with Naraku having a bajillion amount of kids that every one of them had a heart located somewhere else so they can all be regenerated without consequences. I got tired of the series so I didn't bother watching the ending, I guess if that's the ending there is no point for me to finish it 😛
I don't think Miroku is a great character, but atleast he had more things going for him other than being horny. Albedo's and Shalltear's characters can just be described as "they want to bone the skeleton" and that's it.
OPM got a gigantic boost in popularity to the point everyone differentiate it from the average anime. Prior to that point it was popular enough to have an actual adaptation by switching to manga form from webmanga, but it didn't have fraction of popularity compared to what had happened after S1
Would OPM explode so much if it wouldn't have received such high quality animated fights?
Yep, because an adaptation is built on several different elements. Animation, character design, sound design and color designs are the primary elements that would affect whether an anime is successful or not, assuming the plot is simple enough to fit many people's tastes
Then what is?
That's why DanMachi 2 surprised me, because it literally looks as good as S1. I am open to change my opinion based on what I see
There is a difference between different types of art or animation that are based on the way the animators themselves do their jobs, to having lower detailed pictures, choppy movements and low frame rates. I am not being an elitist because I think "oh its not what I expected it to be" because from the very beginning after seeing Index 3 and OPM 2 I knew they'd mess up. I know of people who think Madoka is beautifully done, and I simply can't say I think its bad even if I dislike the art style, because you can clearly see the animators took their time and put so much effort in it to make it good. Kagaku Accelerator is simply a downgrade, its not a matter of preference, but just a result of JC Staff's messy year. DanMachi 2 doesn't suffer from that for some reason, "milf isekai" looks alright if we ignore the animation in certain scenes, and Accelerator simply doesn't look like any other Toaru adaptation, I wonder why.
I am basing my claims by comparing previous Index adaptations to this one, and the thoughts of people who post on MAL and Reddit, not simply my own.
I simply don't understand why the Japanese fans don't care whether what they're fans of is low quality or not.
But the adaptation isn't even good... JC Staff can't even handle their schedule without messing up. The opening itself and the episodes I've seen didn't look good visually, and the manga has only 1 arc to cover. Accelerator on Railgun S was done perfectly well, here it feels like a bootleg Accelerator and a bootleg tsundere Last Order
Vinland suffers from bad decision making. I have a friend that really likes the manga, and he says that while the art and animation are great, they made a horrible mistake by starting from the flashback and dragging it for 4 episodes already, and that flashback isn't even that important.
Wait what, why is Accelerator the top ranked anime. Its made under JC Staff while they still haven't fixed their train wreck of a schedule. The animation and art aren't even great in that adaptation when compared to Index 2/Railgun S, so what the fuck 😐
Well we were talking about studios that mess up adaptations so I was just wondering who messed up
Was it KyoAni's fault or the source material with Haruhi?
Most adaptations don't even mess up that much, and I didn't mention the plot because people would watch some franchises regardless of what you throw at them, like DBS
That's because they literally grab pieces from different manga chapters and mash them together in a random order and call it an episode
I didn't call people dumb, I said that I don't understand why would they support a bad adaptation as it sets some sort of a low bar towards future anime adaptations, but whatever, this conversation is pointless as we have different standards and that's fine.
I don't mind dropping it
That's what I am saying, low quality adaptations due to having a bad schedule, that's all. 😐
It depends on the animation studio... Mob looks amazing even though its simplistic
If something has more lines it means it requires more effort. Animating single hair parts compared to having a block on the head results in different results.
Its not nitpicky, I just picked 2 pictures from 2 different adaptations and one looks great while the other looks like they barely had time to work on it
If you say so
The new thing ^

Railgun S ^

Just to show you by comparing from different adaptations:
Fine whatever 😐
I just think that if people support a mediocre at best project then the comittees would think that mass producing low quality adaptations is the way to go.
It entirely depends on the series I am looking at. I enjoyed Inuyashiki alot even though some scenes had atrocious CGI in them.
Well either way the adaptation was all over the place regardless of animation quality... the sound designer just slapped random gun shots on impact
Oh the switch from Saitama to fodder and introducing Garou
OPM s2 isn't popular because the adaptation was bad...
Murata does amazing art, but they drag the original source too much and turn the series into another battle shounen-like thing which feels to me like it loses some of its charm ^
I don't think many people would mind having animes with Jojo's OP 1-4 CGI, but its probably really expensive
High quality 3d can actually look very good. Sometimes the animators draw on the 3d animation to make it feel more anime-like, and the result is often fine.
That's because many slice of life animes work around an "adventure of the week" formula
I never heard of that... usually VAs just let an adaptation finish regardless of what's happening there
Isn't Sunrise the only studio that still draws their mecha stuff?
If I am not wrong they showed some of their work on Heaven's feel first movie, and it seemed like they first create a model in a CGI environment and then draw on it to make sure the actual characters are still 2D
Ufotable uses CGI on so many things. Even in F/Z Berserker was CGI and yet due to their quality work he never looked like he doesn't belong the series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OHpVa_LRvs either way, they show how they put in 3d characters before slowly drawing over them
Oh nvm I found a video that shows a small part out of it, the truck was shown in the very end
It was somewhere around that scene, but I don't think the truck itself was shown in the video, unless I forgot about it
<@152896851660505088> Yeah it is how Ufotable are animating their stuff. The video I was talking about was the one with Lancer where you can clearly see a 3D blue blob running around in a CGI environment and they were slowly switching it towards 2d animation with an actual Lancer running.
Oh... well thanks either way... I don't understand her appeal at all. She had some interesting element with the death of her father, but beyond that she just felt flat
Is Rikka still insanely annoying in the LN and refuses to grow up?
But Satone loses in the LN, doesn't she?
Everyone got mad at Yuuta for not understand Satone loves him, he didn't know what to do as he "never had a girlfriend" and yet he had Rikka that never felt like a real girlfriend but more like a kid with some mental disease that refuses to seek for help (its far from being simply delusional when she goes at night to search for a freaking coin to awaken an imaginary dragon), and he simply treated her as his kid or something instead of his love partner
Yeah but season 2 literally has no purpose if the entire drama you build up to resolves off screen and no character questions that or tries to resolve it themselves... :\
Does anyone know what KyoAni was trying to do with Chuunibyou Ren? They were trying to build into some drama with Satone just to resolve it off screen... I don't get what's the point of that season compared to the original
Yeah but the BD gets released atleast half a year later
Eh... it looked far beyond her own control at that point, either way movie 3 in a year and a half yay
And she thinks she is useless, as no one actually gives her the right type of attention. She is simply used as a tool, and not as an actual person. That's why she fell for Shirou to begin with
Well... Sakura sees herself as impure due to several reasons, not only due to the fact she lost her virginity
He'd rape everyone including his own servant
Eh... I think she was simply seeing herself as "dirty" "impure" "sick" while Shirou was her Miku, so she pretty much stopped before going any further
She didn't want to go any further :\
But she was worried about contaminating him at this point... so unless they changed the scene completely what's the point of that
What was the original scene then if she was worried about contaminating him?
Whatever
Yeah but it wasn't needed. I don't think we actually had to see Sakura masturbating or licking the blood in a sexual way... but eh...
I know, that's why I said it is a weakness the original source had..
And eh... the implicit H scenes weren't THAT needed IMO, but the rest was great
It annoyed me how everything around this entire world suffers from a "small world" syndrome. Everything simply revolves around Shirou, people hand out everything to him because he is the MC and he gets way too much attention from everyone even though at his current level he is completely useless to anyone but Sakura (well mostly to keep her mental state stable)
It was pretty good overall but it shows a few weaknesses the original source had
<@!279341087494242304> Did you get to watch HF 2 already?
He is supposed to overcome everything just like his legends - hence the immunity, but if it gets removed whenever Nasu wants to its just... weird
Yeah the VN often makes Heracles lose several lives from one blow... that's a weird type of character power design as what's the point of his NP then lol
Yeah but once he gets killed by a NP his NP makes him immune to the NP that killed him... that's why servants like Lancer can't beat Heracles
Oh someone mentioned on MAL that the fight with Berserker and Saber was great but created a plot hole, as he kept on dying to Excalibur once at a time, while his NP should make him immune afterwards
Because studios ignore them for whatever reason or make the characters say things out loud even though its supposed to be inner
They could technically have him think about that while doing stuff
If HF was under Deen we would've seen CGI dragons masturbating together <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Maybe a Fate route remake to avoid Deen's existence
They could, but I don't think they would. After HF they have Hollow Atraxia and by then probably a crapload more Grand Order gimmicks that they can explore
Yeah, and that's something I would've liked to see... a few alterations to HF could've turned Shirou into that but Nasu would rather keep it a secret
He doesn't turn Archer there due to Rin
And I am annoyed there is no canon Shirou -> Archer route
I am aware of the original source and I know the ending of HF, but the movie made the route's flaws much more apparent to me and the friends I watched it with
But its simply just a side-effect of the small world problem I felt
Oh I also remembered that Ilya literally said that she wants to kill Shirou but "decided to help him because he has something precious he wants to protect" aka "you are the main character I'll help you hehe"
Yeah, and they'll probably do a BD special with the bad end people liked so much
Yeah but unless you attend physically it'll take a few months to see the live shows, unless I am wrong and its fairly fast
They take their time for each project. Most non japanese animation series have a much simpler art style, which in return makes it much cheaper and easier to produce. Also, most of the time they have worse animation aswell, for the same reasons.
It was a rather known fact about Berserker, so someone had to come up with it somehow... either way fine, Nasu decided it works that way so I can't really argue with what was assumed before :\
Guess it was redesigned then..
It provides the three effects of resurrection, attack-nullification, and the ability of "immunity against an attack he has experienced previously." eh... either the information sources are wrong or Nasu messed up
I think Nasu imagined Berserker to have actual healthbars and sometimes attacks are strong enough to chip down several of them... but its still weird
And let me guess... all those random classes like Voyager, Foreigner, Alter Ego, Beast and so on are just random things Nasu came up with
Ugh what..
Isn't Gorgon Medusa?
Queen of Sheba also has bunny ears if I am not wrong
*Thomas 😐
And Thoas Edison who is a furry for some reason...
I've noticed Nasu has several fetishes he likes to throw all around his lore, from girls spamming "senpai" all the time, to genderbending many characters, or making many males seem extremely feminine
Oh well
lol I expected it to be the other way around
And yet they retain all of their abilities...?
Yeah, but for instance in the current anime, Enkidu and Gilgamesh are supposed to be alive
But Mash is a pseudo servant and the others are actual living beings and not servants when they jump through time...
Can anyone explain me why on Grand Order they are still treated as masters and servants when it is no longer a holy grail war? I didn't touch the mobile gacha game so I don't get what's the point in that
While Pokemon right now looks really derpy
Well... there are animes with well-drawn characters and animation
Most mangas aren't really well drawn these days
I didn't judge the animation, but the art of the characters
In general it looks worse IMO
I wouldn't be surprised if its cheaper to animate with that style due to lower details and stuff
Satoshi looks so derpy in this art...
Romeo and Juliet
They are also servants...?
Is Babylonia supposed to be good?
lol
Or well... just rely on the anime but they did skip 6 singularities
Well... isn't the wiki information pretty limited?
So my information about it is kind of limited
Even though I've heard a few people saying FGO is pretty interesting, I can't get myself to play it because I hate RNG and it is a cashgrab gacha game
Right..
Oh fate extra
I forgot its name lol
o_o
Either way I am not really familiar with fates outside of the original VN, Hollow Atraxia, Apocrypha (bleh), and last encore (bleh again) that was based on that game with Nero
Not entirely sure... it was something that had to do with Solomon
I know there is that "Age of Miracles" thing or however Nasu refers to it
Some of them come from very niche stories that are known only to very specific cultures
Eh... I doubt most Fate fans literally know the history behind every servant
From a writer's standpoint complete freedom is often very welcome
He will never really run out of options, but the fact he can literally dictate whatever he wants about the future and yet refused to explore some options is weird
So Nasu didn't try inventing new "future" servants?
What about additional Counter Guardians or servants from the future other than Emiya? I mean... I did hear they slapped an "Emiya version" of Kiritsugu in FGO, but anything other then that?
What's the point of those
Adding Ruler or Avenger made sense, but "Moon Cancer" and stuff like that
I know but the classifications are just weird
I don't know its just random lol
The wiki stated that it's unknown whether it's an actual class or not
Eh... I think I can understand the reasoning behind adult VNs, but a regular one being animated is literally "Oh hey we took the episodes we already made and classified them as something else without changing anything now pay for them please." Not only it feels cheap, I don't think I can see a reason why would anyone support those games, unless future releases are somewhat promised and by contributing you "support the franchise you love" even further.
Its as if they just take the animated series and slap it under a different gimmick to sell more copies with little to no effort
I don't understand the appeal...
Unless very specific scenes are animated and then I guess it is some sort of a money-saving option
lol
Then what's the point of it being a VN
What
Fully animated as just opening their mouths and moving their eyes?
Or Steins Gate, whatever..
Yeah, that for instance
Not entirely sure if it is connected to this channel, but, on average, do "anime" VNs have many different pictures of each character (not talking about switching facial expressions), or is each character limited to a small amount of them?
Aren't they done with the singularities in the game already?
Sounds kind of random
Okay...
And uh... what is the gimmick once they finish with the singularities?
o.o
