Thanks!  I've got one particularly big idea and I'm looking for some input to realize it
😛
no, I mostly came for fanfic ideas
and thanks
man
hello!
There better be a duet between Hibiki and Miku
Fudou is totally going to kidnap Miku this season isn't he
I mean, Saint Germain is literally Hibiki's Stand in this context lol
If they're going all the way with that there better be a flashback or something that shows Fudou telling Millarc to do it with a smile on her face.
Just seems a bit odd just how hard they're going with the sympathetic villains cards immediately after we see one of them murder 70000 people, lol
Yeah
So it's definitely confirmed that Fudou was the one that ordered the attack on the concert, right?
Carol, and Adam
Ver (though Nephelim was the fight)
Fine
It's been like that with every other season so far
I'm just saying the final boss should be someone who's ass we really wanna see get kicked
Yeah but character-wise we have no idea who the custodians are or what they're like
Him being the final challenge to over come would be awesome to see him finally get kicked in the balls and punched in the face
The asshole responsible for pretty much all the suffering so far
Or
Some random gods that have been hinted at with varying degrees of sublety?
Who do we hate more?
Sure it would
It'd be cathartic as fuck
Like have him absorb the god power or something
I actually want Fudou to be the final boss
FUDOU INTENSIFIES
the pic shakes
but if you mouse over Fudo's face on the website
also I dunno if it's just me
hasn't he already done that
XV 13 is the big TTGL-esque fight against Fudou-Shem-Ha
Episode ends with Fudou merging with Shem Ha
XV 12 I'm thinking will involve the big fight against her, Miku gets saved
They need their duet
There's no way they end the last season of Symphogear without Hibiki and Miku fighting together at least once
It's 90% Fudou
Be it Fudou, or the sudden return of Ver somehow
Final boss is gonna be someone we know
Bottom line
And have them be the final boss
I just think it would be boring for a bunch of guys we've never seen before to show up and say: "Hello!  We're the custodians!  Fuck you guys!"
but
I mean sure mixing it up would be cool
Every other final boss in Symphogear was with someone/something we knew
But my point stands
True, true
I had to do a double take (PLEASE NO)
I almost stopped breathing when Genjurro stopped Tsubasa
Of course
Once Hibiki saves Miku they need their epic duet and someone to fight against
I hope Fudou ends up still being the final boss
TRY UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS

I know, it's just the way he says it in that scene which cracks me up
I SPECIFICALLY FELT THE NEED TO EXPLAIN HOW VALUABLE THIS SWORD WAS TO ME
NOT MY PRECIOUS SWORD

I think this might be my favourite screencap from the ep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KThlYHfIVa8
Today's episode in a nutshell:
THANK YOU
***WHEN***
WALLPAPER OF THE LAST SHOT OF EPISODE 12
GX > XV > AXZ > G > S1
https://images-ext-2.discordapp.net/external/oeCUK3a2yFnmZZ8TwqnUEeRR96IU4REXuNXW2b68k3U/https/media.discordapp.net/attachments/483421423042297897/627599743001821195/SPOILER_1569550562024.png
Why is Hibiki's dad in this?

So SRW 30 got me to watch Gridman and:
