<:ChrisBang:702166093065748500>
<:MariaNo:672658725986762764>
How are you hitting them raids so hard sanic
<:ShirabeStare:582381430915596289>
Shirabe <:ShirabeStare:582381430915596289>
Are the event shops always full of sheets?
And there’s also maxing deth party chris
Good thing shop has a lot of sheets
Damn maxing my 56 biki is a sheet sink
My problems is being unable to LU shit
#healersOP
melody crystal
I need red stuff and the rainbow thingamabob
also i need miracle, not magic
can't see her on my side tho
Any power hard raids out?
There’s a lot of em that have been near full health for 4h
I’m not seeing people smashing hard power raids
Problem is my rng
Halp
I need giga miracle , giga rainbow and giga power
1 giga melody crystal, 6 more to go
O nice
Bah so many half done hards
so I can call him maybe
what's is number
Anyone doing power raids?
I’m just hitting hard rates to hope i can get giga crystals
4 short on giga melody, 7 short on giga red
Time to leech <:KirikaCry:671948299179130885>
You got a power raid?
bah stil no giga reds
<:VanessaCracked:639136452600397829>
noice
personally don't start any cause of low chance of them being taken out
I can start raids if anyone's interested
mbn to be able to solo hards
goddamit
*gets int giga crystal*
*does int raid*
it's paralysis for me
Yeesh this game dropping me rainbow gigas but not red gigas
FINALLY A GIGA POWER CRYSTAL
They have better stats than nat 5*s and they can be better damage boosts when i level them
At this point I might as well just go and lu my 3*s and 5*s
I’m sure all of you will agree this is getting ridiculous
If only it was easier to deal larger amounts of dmg on hard raids
You’re not the only one eb
eh screw it, some other time i guess
cant find your magic raid
lucksack
yeah i'm just gonna refresh for... welp next one
brb adding him
the next next one
eh sure
actually don't im doing story
wait for me
boo
5 short on those and 2 short on giga melody crystals
Still need red giga crystals on my end
XD
I’d leech power raids but i need to blow thru ep
But I need giga ones <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
Can people kill it?
I can open some
Oh
A lot less rando raids today
Do some normal raids too if you can
Might be all of em
Fair, forgot to catch the levels
Cause note that the two of them have giga zep chris on profile
Again, it’s possible they’re constantly name changing
Pmuch right now
Or a single bot who’s constantly changing username
That’s not even 10 mins after i did the raid
Looks like a range of bots
Or in other words, boss damage is only updated on server after you finish a raid run
So theoretically everyone can do boss health - first person’s damage (except the first person who has the ability to do full boss health)?
Also wish to point out that my dmg + his dmg = boss health
Found ye nukers
I only see one more hard power raid rn
Ill start a hard power raid
Sure
Are people literally just nuking raids?
Magic or miracle carol?
I wanna lu my chris and bikki
A bot or some bots?
Well the second of mine
Ruby’s hacked account is the same as the one that did mine
Yeah this game still won’t drop me the stuff i need
43k on my end
found ya, going in
(insert spiel here about raid groups and discovery)
can't find it per usual
coto mate
wilco
I'm still in the middle of an in class lab though
Oh right boosts
I'm short on CP
not now sanic
i have a giga crystal problem, more than enough rainbows and medodies
kek
Reds, blues and miracles here
I got a hard magic raid up
Sure, also if anyone wants me to start raids lemme know
🤷‍♂️
yeah i hit their's already
anyone running miracle carols and int/magic raids
Reminder i still got my hosts
Bleh I’lljust toss magic /miracle/inte raids and see what happens
I got my powers for the day
Nah I’m not in
Only the tsubasa pullers
What raids are yall doin
Not to mention I don’t need techs
Problem is it’s *a* giga
My current strat is hitting all hards with 3 CP
p much
Nah, it’s still int/miracle/magic raids for me
Got my miracles done when I dropped 5 from a single raid yesterday
Right, need giga ints now
int giga raids anyone?
Like how many raids in total?
Oof
raid roles based on raid type would be great if the capacity exists
Literally just autoing everything i see
Don't fuss about it, I'm back on studying for a bit
I don't bother for contribution unless i can deal at least3% dmg with 5 AP. just not worth it.
well more of like paper-cutting, cause I deal jack shit dmg
It's fine, I'm just shotgunning anything that's up
(still looking for giga ints)
Is it me or are people just not running magic raids anymore
Did someone say int raids?
Lemme know if there are int/magic raids
any int raids out there?
Yeap, mlu xd bikky makes both carols a lot easier to kill
Only dealt 78k but hey, i don’t have any LU powers
Nvm found it
What’s your friend code whiskey?
Yeah everyone just dogpiles whatever raid you hit
<@!127991170201681920> thanks I guess
<:TsubasaIgnite:672861877407318047>

Mbn to deal massive damage in one go
<:MariaNo:672658725986762764>
I’m just annoyed game won’t drop stuff
Also cais was in the raid i ss’ed
Nah
GIGA INTS PLEASE
God fucking dammit
Needing not gigas <:VanessaCracked:639136452600397829>
Anyone can nail this raid for me? Took out micha
anyone want me to whack carols?
Anyone interested?
yeah I'd slot into your friends list if you don't mind
I got a prewarning though
can' whack em hard enough cause burn
Speaking of last hits <:TsubasaBliss:672861879000891432>
should LB that 4* t rabe I have
Think I was in the same raid, sadly my tech units all suck
god i hate the burn on body raids
Anyone want caorls?
Yeah, ez pink boss when
but FUCK these burns
(high dmg skill + buff) + (even higher dmg skill + buff)
but she is a very good single target
in a sense she was cause i used all my 80 tix on her thinking her gacha wouldn't reroll so damn fasst
yeah everyone called her bait
i got xdbikki and she's enough to carry my thru carol kills
Don't worry about waiting for me
in which case i found a 200k hp magic carol
oh ok
looks ded if you ask me
Eh sure, I need to keep my melody crystal stock up
That dragon burns harder than carol
Gimme LU tech units so I can snipe it
think I'm whacking that raid already, prolly bout 180k
oof
was reviewing
eh sorry
bah just giga rainbows
are we just gonna go?
5 giga fantasy, nb
o
we killin?
i would love the dragon cause fuck that burn
I wanna join D:
chotoo
physics stuff
kill?
thanks for the raids tho
eh I'm just gonna go back to reviewing shit
o
lemme know  if anyone's doing T fantasy raids
sorry no, i found an almost ded t raid after i saw that
Anyone want to hit my raids if I start em?
<:TsubasaBliss:672861879000891432>
Meanwhile I’m grinding hard for giga ignites since i did roll the beginner gacha and ended up with ignite bikki
Totally hibiki’s
So shem ha fished miku using a swimsuit as bait
rv_tokenHelp
rv_pull "AU" 1
RV_PULL
I guess I'm a reasonable person then <:KirikaAYAYA:588101498026721367>
Also, am I really that moderate?
that being said, I am still strongly against immigrant blocking either way because of 2 things:
1. National Output relies on the quantity of Factor Inputs.
2. National Output relies on the quality of Factor Inputs.
just googled 9axes myself
though mine may be influenced by the fact that I'm an international student
supposedly a survey on your political leanings
i took the quicky as well
And you want to avoid deaths/infections to protect the quality and quantity of labour
Since assuming the time for the outbreak to pass will be the same for both options
Although tbh, you might as well save lives
Unfortunately if your goal is to maximize economic output: yes that is a tradeoff you consider
If I may ask, what law is this?
Just to make sure yall know: vaccines are used for prevention of the actual thing. Treatment is for curing the actual thing
unfortunately the standard reaction is to panic and fearmonger
that firaxis actually decided: yeah let's make the fact you lost canon
There's a reason so few people have completed XCOM EU on legendary, let alone ironman
Perfect way to demonstrate is to just play XCOM on legendary
Or alternatively people reporting crime just staying home
Meaning they can miss
Well, algorithms are made by people
<:MikuShock:690470896154050620>
Only started reading about an “unknown flu” like the day after that
That is fair
Also it's sounding like I'm going to get fucked if i go back home and fucked if I don't
Tbh I'd rather have the same thing happen at 2 certain places
Well I tell my mom that and it doesn’t help too much
Maybe you should tell him that he does call you too much
There’s a reason I read Singaporean News even if I have been in the US for 3.5 years
I really hope those gravestones actually become a thing to remind the people of the stupidity of american leadership
Generally expect flight disruptions
In fact it erupted twice, and sent a shockwave heard from Jakarta
And nothing on news about evacuations either
And no, I doubt the lava’s gonna do that since the area is already a known active volcano (read no people)
Well indo news says it’s the child of krakatau
Legit.
Hang on lemme check indo news
HAH
*FTR I hate the majority of politics for said reason*
No logic, reason, research, support.
I think the reasons about people hating any bit of politics is that the arguments that people make devolves to “I am right because my dick is bigger”
+ because you are associated with said identity you are compelled to fit that identity regardless of what you think
And there’s also the issue of having an opinion = having a given identity = being associated with every stereotype about that identity
In my opinion, labeling people as left/right denies the fact that people have a diverse spectrum of thoughts and opinions
And it takes a lot of knowing the person to figure out whether they are not assholes
For me, the average person is a dick.
So which idiot made that happen this time?
Might just be 4 years ago if you ask me
Aren't you eligible for *some* sort of unemployment/virus stuff benefit if you are working but still making jack shit?
Because it's a good way to make life interesting for you
Heck I say hold on to that childishness even when you become an adult
I don’t mind you DMing me though
Just ping and ask, no harm
I swear the more I stay here the less I want to live here
Aria's right, and it's legally protected by the ADA https://www.eeoc.gov/fact-sheet/federal-laws-prohibiting-job-discrimination-questions-and-answers . Almost every job application I had has a form that asks about having a disability and also says it's illegal to discriminate against it in any shape or form
correction, das finale
The 2nd ep of the OVA's out?

