tyty
can't make K-on tomorrow. busy being killed by cuteness fffffff.
trying not to die from cuteness.
lolol
should make Chris eat pizza with chopsticks.
you'd still probably love it.
bit lewd for sfw.
so I dont have to put up with crappy kissanime fansubs covering the cards and stuff >.<
probably download everything before I rewatch
ALL THE DESS
when I rewatch it at some point heheh. maybe not quite that level though.
I should totally do the same for kiri..
dem thigh highs mhmf â¤
ah my daily dose of sunshine ;D
I find the Genjuro one to be more epic.
Dat Kiri is all of the yes.
Das a nice looking Bikki.
It was stupid. But the import tax is pretty high in certain items for the UK.
Indeed. Just buying a 25GBP nendoroid cost me 25GBP in import tax. :/
And sometimes a site is only in kanji. So cant read it yet aha.
Uh. Sometimes. But there's also exclusive stuff.
Uh. Sometimes. But there's also exclusive stuff.
It makes me sad looking at all the nice like art stuff that Japan gets that's impossible to get in the UK. :(
Dat kanade art is awesome amg.
shes below 170cm as well
why arent there any nice 5ft 8 geahs dammit.
They are all short.
I wanted to make that one of Chris my facebook cover picture... but it refused to play ball so I had to give up ðŸ˜¦
why is kanade a lizard person?
does topdads geah run on the power of douchebaggery?
I feel like itd be a waste of time lol
does Cags even need drugs to enjoy life though...
all you have to do for Jojo people is meme hard is it not?
she needs two hands so other people can hold hands too!
but Miku has a hold of the nice warm human hand
cause if she had a robotic hand no-one would want to hold it.
My day is now saturated with sunshine.
Oh dear whatve we donee.
Solo Bikki is rare.
Unless she's with someone else.
Yeah we need more sunshine kerrik.
What're you doing posting Chris eating spaghett in sfw. It's definitely lewd!
aww man
where did you get thatttt
You don't saw it. You just press through like a normal knife.
who doesnt cut cake with a serated knife.
also I now have a lovely tan from all that sunshine
hm?
gib
I kinda want the kiri one of those.
and a few phrases here and there...
I only know like 5 words gawd
tbh Id love to go to a symphogear live event... buh by the time I know enough Japanese and have enough money to do so they wont be a thing anymore ðŸ˜¦
I was half way there. I was BORN.
event swag is best swag ðŸ˜¦
Dat Dess omg.
Cuteness entropy is a thing right?
Orrr aggressively pet a puppy/kitten.
Oh that's when you see something cute but get an aggressive reaction right?
Go YouTube the science of waifus. And enjoy 10 minutes of real science. ðŸ˜‚
I mean for the characters.
Did you know there's such a thing as the kawaii coefficient? Heheh
That's definitely MH related.
That Kiri doll.. Much want
it took me a solid 3 minutes to scroll through all that bikki.
It's always the solution,
Moar dess
Of course I did.
Kerrik.. Its already sunny here.. But the extra sunshine is much appreciated!
my day was already fully of sunshine.. but at this rate Ill end up with such a tan.
u w0t m8?!
Ibu being *too* British.
Basa will lead the way to a more huggable Chris.
Aww Chris is sooo kawaiii!
also, I feel like I need more gear wallpapers... Im sure I only have about 4...
Alice, all you need to do for the windows bitching thing is re-enter your product code. If its 10 and you upgraded from 7/8 use the code you have for that. ez days
I mean if you want to start typing in kana/kanji since I imagine their level of reading english is adequate but not super duper amazing.. good luck? :p
goes against wanting to stop bikki fighting though lol
plez none of that in XV
like gear throws ugh
it becomes too much of an easy out
yeah Id rather there not be a time travel element
fisting to achieve time travel eh
would be interesting if next season we saw a bit of Carol coming out of Elfnein
SHE has to be dead
Fine is definitely dead
*can he be* please D:
I wish he was
#bringBackKanade
but otherwise that goes a bit against their character surely?
then sure
well I suppose *if* they had accepted that Bikki etc could make the world a better place
but if they died a better way maybe.
I mean them dying is fine
or side casting them
I think it was kinda better than adding them to the main cast
the songs we got out of it were awesome though so
yeah actual sense just a shame it was a bit of a cluster fuck
all 4 seasons are a 10. there are moments in almost every season that can legitimately make me cry in some form
still gave it a 10.
yeah
I mean, him leaving wasnt important at all other than the fact he left
I suppose yeah
well I guess they did since he didnt make any form of appearance in AXZ
but... she could use a lesson in letting shit go ye?
like it woulda hurt Bikki loads
what actually happened
tbh woulda been nice to see like..
is the better way of saying it lul
or we pretend he is ded
erry body wins
and then he ded
true.
ALL THE DAMN TIME
and his sons
openly to his "grand daughter"
when Fudou is such a prick
idk why people give bikki's dad such schtick
heheheh
that picture is missing... Basa's real dad.
wasnt a fan of the magical girl genre till after symphogear :p
but Im glad I did. because its the anime that really got me wanting to go and find more great anime by myself. and without it I wouldnt have met any of you gays.
same
yeah well you know what they say Alice.. simple minds and all that ðŸ˜‰ heheh.
AKb0048s on my list to watch. just cause I want to see what its like. incomparison to gear ahah.
Im also kind of super thankful for the insert songs etc... they really opened up a whole avenue of new music for me to listen to.
even without those scenes Im pretty sure she would have found a way to sell it to me.
was like "thats gurren lagann levels of insanity right there kty!"
along with "the main character punches k2 and hits a tank with another tank like a baseball bat"
hype as hell was how symphogear was explained to me
its progressively getting better though. or rather they are getting better at controlling it
likeeeeee with Carol for example she appeared out of nowhere but had some pretty decent build up once things got going
they can bring in whatever they like
I dont mean just boom heres a new villian. if they properly like story tell it so to speak
;D
its anime so its not like theres a constraint on world building something stronger from nowhere.
plus its symphogear so they can always pull another thing out their arses
maybe they will go with a possible "greater" battle scenario?
possible that there could be more than one faction of them though?
depending on how powerful they end up being
I guess the custodians *could* time travel
lul
alchemy the alchemists back
so much zenbu
idk I dont expect to accumulate 12623 pics :p
but I have a feeling that might be too basic
got it seperated into Lewds/Non lewds and then gonna have a file for each geah
Ive also set it up so I have it organised from the get go heheh
Ive started saving chris pics
its begun
and my lock screen just shows my wallpaper
I wanna get me a kiri phone case
without thinking its vore
ever since Chris x Spaghett I cant look at her eating
heheh makes me smile every time I look at my phone ;D
best wallpaper world.
All about that Chris!
Ima have to find a pic that actually works with the fact that the phones camera is in such a bleh plac3e
all the US sites seem to do nicer ones  though makes me sad
I need to find a place in the UK that does nice snap on phone cases
ahah
maybe yeah. that channel changed its name so many times.
the good ol' 90s/early 00s fox kids (I think?) dubbed anime. cant even remember what channel use to broadcast it tbh
ahhh the nostalgia.
her armour appears to be in such good condition.
theres an issue with that crusader...
So lewd amg.
that is one buff Kanade... No wonder she was incharge.
thats all we need.
just spams Chris pics.
has command Zenbu
Chris bot.
Momria in the background lul
the Basa/Smol Zenbu amg
Looks like I have some stuff to save when I get home!
ddddddddesssssss
I'm touched that you hold my words in such high regard... creeped out.. but touched none the less. <:MichaSmug:336657136065052673>
Kerrik sometimes you scare me.
its just a squelch.
by the end theres not a cracking
lands only on that leg every single time.
down several flights of stairs.
ahah. last time I saw that picture I'm sure someone commented "when your wife shines too brightly and blinds you so you fall over and badly injure your leg" in some form or other. :p
you need to make a response from Kiri for when this happens
need to go get some sunglasses brb
this is too bright.
so not lewd ;D in hand holdy terms.
true but in the sentence you said it doesnt mention it
again outside... think about that one lmfao
how can it be lewd.
what theres no hand holding Joe
and still be acceptable.
that sentence could end a different way
"some other home where I am not!"
I automatically added "DO THAT AT HOME!" to Chris' texts.
sunshine doesnt care about entropy
<:MikuBliss:336657233712513024>
Im scrub.
ohh lulz
omfg I never even noticed that the sora yori mo tooi basho pointing image was a direct death parade reference.... though I may have watched death parade after it hm
Yes that's one precious DMJii.
I think I might have that saved already but can't remember so I'll get it when I get home.
So is the basa/neko Chris too.
So precious.
Ima need to save that when I get home. God damn.
Christyusha is..
That..
Ah so not even a purposeful search. What luck.
Ahah I know he was looking since yesterday. I meant how much of symphogear did he go through.
How long was that search Joe?
zenbu!
or a skirt thats applicable too
gimme a girl in a sweater, shorts, thigh highs looking all comfy as hell and cute to boot.
^
10/10
girls in sweaters...
the sweater definitely makes it work.
dats some noice Bikki right there.
I'm poor.
Nup
I need to get me some not bad emotes but I'm lazy.
Wholesome overload imminent.
and obviously I need a Genjuro folder. for reasons.
I need a Chrisbasa and Hibimiku folder but Ill do that when I find stuff I wanna save.
I have a bikki folder. bikki, chris, basa folder. chris. DMjii and Kiri folders respectively so far.
I have one of those
okay I think thatll do unless the artist asks for more aha.
that just ruins your day doesnt it!
oh dear.
6450
as in IMG_?
uhm
lol
just a few and Ill pick whatever should look neat.
uhm
but battle poses
lets not limit it to G gear only.
ahah dont over stress on it Ibu. Ill make it easier actually
probably coloured milk powder?
or fanart if necessary.
<@&425667771699822614> gimme some Kiri G screen caps if possible. Preferably poised to swing her scythe. pl0xpl0x boys and girls.
when did Cocoa get so good at Latte art omg
best scenes here we gooooo
man now I have to go and watch the bit where Simon becomes a man
*gainaxing intensifies*
I can't look at that till I get home aha.
So much neko zenbu.. Gonna have to save that when I get home.
What dya mean if she didn't die.. Its a harem show anyway. Bikki 4 harem King.
dont think I can find one though.
(looking for a legit source since imgur)
https://imgur.com/rDpztvd someone should edit this to Kiri.
*5th best*
and gayyyyyyyyyyy
Kawaiii. <:MikuBliss:336657233712513024>
D D D Dess!
Both a bit ditzy.
Oh actually, Cocoa could be Aqua.
Yeah. But she could also be uhmm
Kazuma is actually really dependable.
Or dependable enough.
That
Nahhh she's not pervy enough for thy.
Cocoa would make a pretty good megumin I'd imagine.
That chino darkness. Omfg. Gonna have to save that when I get home.
ahaha having that as a phone case would literally mean the artist would be drawing more scythe than Kiri :p
zenbuuuuuuu
She's a lil bit chuuni.
But characteristically Maya would've been a better pick.
That makes so much sense.
it had a really good design on Chris tbh. wasnt a big fan of it on Fine
thats the type of pose Ive been looking for for agessssss >.<
omfg rukia thanks
*secret project*
Thinking to herself "I wish Basa would let me do that"
The panic on Chris' face at DMJii aha.
jiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
"Anime is a mistake."
you best make one that says
yeah I saw them all dont you worry :p
also that Kanade is top memeage wp.
thats mean I have an ingrown infected toe nail!
the only real thing there is that Kiri and Chris are pretty equal for me.
thats not legit I'm just using fun maths symbols for no real reason.
obviously its, Kiri =~ Chris > Bikki > Kanade = Basa > Shirabe = Maria.
that knocks Maria down to 6th :/
oh if we include kanade
you mean, 5th best girl?
not enough. we need more followers of Dess.
Saki is going to be like "fff you guys"
Don't break her again. ðŸ˜‚
theres some lovely DMJii and BikkiMiku in there too.
its all Kerriks fault.
I suppose its bikki so she probably did something dumb.
Zenbu's not a bulli. whats she doing. D:
how can you up perfection...
just..
danke!
<@!263983345669505025> or someone gimme dat "arts too good it must be hentai" pic
They're letting Basa drive whilst they are on the bike? That's a tad dangerous.
Sexy librarian Maria ooft.
Ahh Chris. Y u do dis.
papa genjuro procured it for them.
thats so friggin cute ffff
and I got early line art/revisions to get it right etc. so was imo worth paying that much Im really happy with the outcome ðŸ˜ƒ
or just commissions I think. But that one cost me, $90. and I have like 5 other colour layer variants.
if you click on "commission FAQs" theres a rough pricing guide depending what style you want to get
https://artsyrobo.weebly.com/ for the sake of argument its somewhere Im sure.
can't wait to have this on my phone case :p
Dat sunshine brightens up my day. :)
thats like
just in time for XV...
<:ChrisEnraged:423196924368388105>
donn't you jiiii me.
no time at all.
Ima have to save those zenbu pics later for wallpaper reasons.
you've got me there.
no she can't, she's 2D.
50 kiris lul
I have like uhm
Im at such a disadvantage because I only have so many Kiri's
Cuteness > strength.
You're right. This ones obviously better.
more like here I think.
did you say, best girl?
*sweat isnt a joke*
heheh
I really hope blood is inside the user.
lewd
I think what shes already wearing is perfectly acceptable
Too easy to lewd.
So many Bikki's
Ahah. That Kaos pic. Gj.
Kiri best chuuni
top dad is best girl.
tied with Zenbu.
Kirika is best.
*flees Outsides wrath*
elfnein beats maria on my list.
that is literally how I started watching symphogear and as a whole moved from normiedom to I dont even know what I am now. lul
when saki forgets the commands... oh man bad day already!
kaos so kawaiii
abababababa
kawaiiiiiiiiiiiiii
theres a few alternating colour pallettes the artists did as well. but I quite liked the one they came up with first. hence phone cased ;D though my phonecase is shitty and cheap...
<@290431224596660224> Dess. :p
dats an epic bikki
lmfao
trying to think of a name for when you do a Bikkifall thats sun related.
Im always thirsty for the best girl art.
Kerrik Ill give you 200GBP to get "Fist 1, reason 0" in Kanji as a tattoo.
this is so not SFW
did I just see hand holding?! jesus thats lewd.
Dess for the Dess God.
Kerrik acknowledge my great names dammit.
use that Kerrik.
Sharp Melody Decrease.
maybe you want me to use Cutting Songs instead?
maybe Im doing this wrong
wait
Dawn Dip
there you go Kerrik, now what sounds silly, huh?!
DAWN PLUNGE
Ill get some synonyms going dont ya worry
*nou*
Kiri version of a Bikkifall would have to be a dawnfall surely?
its obviously some top quality hand holding.
thats a nice bit of Lalatina right there.
she still has to balance etc.
that doesnt make it less roller blading though?
she does roller skate in geah form
Dat Nissan is noice... maybe do that to my RX8 when I get one heheh
Revy is awesome.
Kawaiii
adorkable.
Hm. Should I go through fate at some point? VN not anime.
Ima make everyone mad.
*Kiri at the bottom of a list* you wut?!
all of the yes.
yes.
*best girl*
Genjuro best girl.
serena is so far up the list I cant even  put her there heh.
cuz thats how lists work boys and girls.
mines something like Chris = Kiri = Bikki > Maria = Basa > Shirabe = Kanade = Elfnein probably.
living through death flags opop
like I think it has to be a tied type deal for me.
I cant evaluate putting someone at the bottom.
jk.
Elfnein is the bottom of my list.
with Goblin Slayer I feel like that scene was thrown in as a "they arent as easy as you think" hard lesson for the priestess. tis nice to not have a fantasy series thats completely reliant upon a self insert Kirito rip off though. :p
I KNEW I KNEW THAT VOICE
well then... lmao.
its there because Kiri is a precious chuuni :p
I imagine Kiri would have whatever she felt looked cute/strong regardless of type.
if it was a full body pose it would be less weird.
their team size isnt massive.
the budgets on their originals are tiny compared to other anime studios
are they though?
*oh no please*
the world cant deal with that.
outside what are you doing
no
have you never seen an ankle before? ðŸ˜®
WFC thats so lewd.
thigh highs are best...
oh yeah I get that sure.
generally they just get removed.
you wouldnt get banned from spoilers. just reminded not to do it.
I wish that a girl could even look me in the eyes even in heels. :p
*that definitely maths out*
what is this calming down malarky?!
first ep... was well worth the waitttttt so much... hypeeeeeeeeee :D:D
Basa and Maria's costumes were awesome.
dat second episode oofts.
I dont know the villians names that well yet.
which is this bitch?
but Miku...
I was about to say he wouldnt have a host for divine power
does Fudou know Miku is cleansed of original sin?
wait wait wait
wait
I dont know what he expects to do with divine power
"your time is up old man be gone"
I think itd be kind of interesting to see him take down Fudou and be like
tis Genjuuro Id hope he had a few asspulls prepared
Ogawa can't handle that mantle dammit!
GENJUURO CANT DIE IF HE DIES WHO WILL BE THE STRONGEST MALE IN THE WORLD?!
and boom Genjuro out of nowhere.
and she just cant bring herself to sink to his level
I really kind of hope that Basa has to confront Fudou but hes like pushing her to kill him
true
how long will SONG fall for that though I wonder.
I think Fudou is trying to set things up to look like the US is doing shit just so he can be like "look they're the bad guys!"
maybe Fudou dreams of Ver...
I was going to say that actually ahah
as long as everyone else went with him then he'd be like "lul I won"
and not anyone else, right?
I mean, if he destroys it at least its Japan destroying itself.
yup.
I think Fudou is willing to do anything for the *good of Japan*
OOOF
oof
this seasons sure setting up for the really big plays oof
Hibiki: "I dont know what that means but Im going to punch you anyway!"
*I am inevitable!*
lmao Voyeur
a fair amount.
they get dusted
has a return concert once more interrupted! the noise just dont want her to sing.
has a concert with Maria, interrupted by noise again?!
I mean she has a Zwei Wing concert gets interrupted by noise. Her music must be pretty bad right?
Basa is really being absolutely destroyed about her music isnt she
wouldnt be surprising tbh
I could see Miku playing along with Fudou to then be like "NO MY BIKKI YOURE WRONG FUDOU!"
<:MariaShock:423196877354303498>
"NOOOOOOOOO IT CANT BE TRUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEUEUEUEUE!"
Id wager depressing.
this seasons going to be a hell of a ride.
well shit.
I knew that was going to happen pahah
nice ðŸ˜ƒ
aahh
OTL?
I just wait for YT subs personally.
YT subs are out too
XV is definitely staying the course of improved animation with each season.
poor Shirabe and Kiri.
hard to have family circumstances when you don't even have a family.
Didn't she die?
tbh he has been a pretty minor character other than the Basa story line in GX
Yatsuhiro*
*I love you 3000*
jeez
what is that audio
than at the start.
like the alchemists cared for each other and that was apparent more towards the end of the season
these villians seem more attached to one another than the alchemists did tbh
ya got me there.
dats one cauteeee Aoi
twas indeed awesome
I like the way they've gone with increasing the gears power this time round... Buh... Bikki does everything is a bit ehhh
yeah didnt get a chance to watch yesterday because I ended up doing other stuff
ooft ooft ooft oooft ep4 ooft.
her transformations always been top tier for me.
just need more Basa
just finished ep 5... basa's transformation and song gave me goosebumps...
There is a U! Dammit! <:ChrisAngry:336656958272700417>
;D
can you imagine spelling Colour incorrectly... sheesh.
At least we aren't taking into account American-English
Im not going to call it a relapse just because I dont expect a character to never again look for answers from someone that meant that much to them.
its not bad that Basa still looks for Kanades help in tought situations though.
ooft that episode yet again...
that was just them canonizing the fact it was only named for convenience.
ahahah
I cant wait until he gets slapped in the face.
Fudou is so damn arrogant
like its hard to say since we only really got a short shot of the generator.
I dunno if thats what they are doing or if they were using them to power something
them working with Fudou is just a means to an end for sure.
Ogawa is just 2 stronk
top level modern ninja arts
like "oh yeah by the way this is something that could have been mentioned from day 1 but this is symphogear so Kaneko only just dreamt up the fact that the lulu amel blood lines thing is a thing"
and it'd be a realllyyy big ass pull.
just because theres not enough time to explore it in XV
tis just something I never really considered. I doubt it at this point though
imagine if what linker actually does is bridge the gap due to the fact that you're not very closely related to the right blood line.
Bikkis the exception and not so much the general case.
in some form.
of the lulu amel
purely blood lines... so users are descendants
nah think about it
never thought of that possibility until Melua mentioned it..
oh maybe the ability to use gears is an inherited one...
DESS!
"whoopsy I tripped oh noooo!"
also that comic... 100% can see Kiri doing that.
This season needs all of that funding!
thatd kill CD/waifu sales are you mad.
I think Maria getting injured would snap Basa out of it.
was really hoping Elfnein would get to kick some ass in a faust robe finally.
Just finished ep7... yes yes yes all of the damned yes. this seasons really turning it all the way up.. Sheesh.
is it bad I imagine Kaneko going "Nah thats too hype Ill save it for later" in that scenario?
woah.. just finished episode 8..
everybody knows theres always a giant laser on the moon.
maybe Shemha can use a lot of things that moonbase has ya know?
theres such a thing as a tactical retreat to a stronghold.
that doesnt mean that Shemha has to retreat for a reason
but then so was the chateau?
think so?
Japans Defence budget: Big shooty moon laz0r renovations.
who hates the gods.... and wants to bring them all down!
Fudou is possessed by an ancestor from the biblical times...
can't wait until Fudou gets his ass kicked.
there is no before is there? lol
if they have always been that strength
no.
why would you tell your enemy your weapons imperfect? :p
maybe the alcanoise we see arent even true alcanoise but weak immitations?
Elfnein funding SONG illegally.
"It wasnt me"
dont give him a possession so he can be all
Fudou is just being Fudou
Fine had some controllability over the noise.
Just because thats a bit of character progress for Basa.
I mean I hope he's dead.
yeah
AND HE ADMITTED HE'S USELESS
Came out with more than nothing. So it can't be a complete loss.
I mean I was expecting nothing.
for his usual uses.
also was surprised to see Top Dad make an appearance
true.
only really noticed Basa's changing with this transformation though.
true.
I mean, it wasn't really shown that that barrier didn't just come from Bikki though.
Im expecting some key words about how Fudou like worships some dark shit in Japanese culture.
also I was kind of expecting Amalgam to be more than just for Bikki.
But seriously Kaneko is really turning up the everything this season.
*maybe thats why Fudou calls him weak.*
seems like Yatsuhiro got cheated out of some next level shit.
Also Yatsuhiro saving Basa.
eclipsed by Fudou's strength
Gens like...
Unobtanium.
Ahah. I mean.. like
Just watched episode 9... dafuq is fudou...
the scissor blade too sm0l for basa? just need to break out the insane growth outta nowhere attack and everything be ight.
small steps forwards, leaps backwards.
when you're brainwashed so hard that the Muslim next door is super hardcore all the time and wants to blow you up. When really he's a nice caring part of the community doing his best to look after everyone he can. It's no surprise that people want to go backwards.
other religions, bad.
basically, other cultures are bad.
welllllll insofar as I understand
after Britian leaves the EU expect france to try as well etc. The anti-globalisation is kind of depressing.
same things happening in most of western europe to be honest
when are they shipping dame de la libertÃ© back to France?
by undoing its very foundations apparently.
of course because that is the American way. and that is how America will become great again
woah dejavu
btw Im a bit of a lover of Shinkai's works.. heheh..
wish I could find a garden of words tee
Im wearing my Kimi no Na wa tee atm love it so much
soonâ„¢
lul
just wish there was also a Chris, Bikki and Basa tee so I could have all 6 on two tees. D:
https://www.redbubble.com/people/obsequious/works/14281217-symphogear?cat_context=u-tees&grid_pos=1&p=t-shirt&rbs=d5f97e23-270e-4812-8364-f99c6329bc38&ref=shop_grid&style=mens
https://www.redbubble.com/people/bronard/works/14286465-kort-el-fes-gungnir?cat_context=u-tees&grid_pos=2&p=t-shirt&rbs=d5f97e23-270e-4812-8364-f99c6329bc38&ref=shop_grid&style=mens
yeah some of the symphogear ones are pretty good
dat tee tho
https://www.theshirtlist.com/kimi-no-na-wa-t-shirt/
its a UK independent artist tee netsho[p
ahah Ima redbubble me some tees
I do. I have this awesome shirt one sec
I just like.. if she blanked me.
admitting I acted wrong I can do. if she would hear the words I have to say.
just the thought counts.
ahah thanks..
like I don't want to end up being snide, or getting angry over it...
I don't know how to... and even if I tried to I think my anxiety would make it so I couldn't say anything.
or the fact that I actually enjoy horror..
but what she doesnt know is the fact that she is the reason that I do watch all the anime I do... Like Id never have found symphogear by myself, or started watching cute girls doing cute things
cause I took a break from anime.. due to getting addicted to an MMORPG
like I was feigning interest just to talk to her.
yeah
should've faced up to what she was saying and proved her wrong but I didnt know how to.
mhm but this was 6 months ago. and I kind of made it worse by the fact that I like.. left things alone for so long.
can I just have a microwave that sends text messages to the past please.
Im quite empathetic... so it wasnt really hard for me to see things from her point of view.. and so what I saw was what she was saying... and for quite a long time I was extremely angry with myself. still kinda are :c
the fact she would think that lowly of me, means I really did fuck up. D:
and I did fuck up a bit more than just that, but that is what hurts me the most.
couldnt say. if Im even within two feet of her she moves.
but my stupidity made her think I wasn't interested in anime and was lying about it just to talk to her ðŸ˜¦
and showed me anime was more than FMA, DBZ and whatever else Id watched.
yeahhhhhh shes the one that introduced me to symphogear
been spending the last hour or so trynna cheer myself up.
wellllll like 6 months ago or so.. I made some really stupid mistakes that cost me a friendship I held dear. and today just seems to be overthink it day once again.. tis someone at work and I somewhat have a lot of feelings towards her that just won't gtfo. :/ every day I consider trying to talk to her and decide against it incase she says no. ðŸ˜¦ she quite literally avoids me at all costs and it kinda just builds up over time till I start overthinking about it for a few days.. heh
today seems to have become really heavy for me.. woo.. D:
she wanted whatsapp and stuff to open up as well I think. not realising that terror cells have their own encrypted messenger apps... because they aren't idiots.
the day they bring in an encryption ban is the day I whip up my own system for it.
because terrorists use encryption. so thatll stop them.
she was.
its basically fill all positions with the person who is least qualified to do something.
I quite like the UKs shitfest of government
without their 5 year old grandsons help.
are fucking 60 year olds who cant find the wifi password
the people incharge of the tech in this country
yeah its the same here
cause basically you inherit a house.. whilst owning a house..
outright ownership will be for those whose parents own houses right now who have already gotten on the ladder themselves
we can have a mortgage that never gets paid off basically
we shall not.
when it use to be that 1/5th of your monthly earnings were your mortgage vs now where its up to 1/2... like reallyyyyyy
that bedsit you're buying is gonna be real sweet. if you ever pay it off.
12 1970 GBPs is equivalent to 184GBP now. gl with a mortgage for that amount per month
mortgage of 12 quid a week then, you could earn 48 quid a week on a goodish job
to now
the housing market from 1970
but its fucking stupid to compare
yeah but I mean its not the solution
yeah but also in YOUR day, your mortgage was fucking 46 quid a month mate.
"IN MY DAY WE SACRIFICED STUFF WE DIDNT NEED AND WE WORKED DAMN HARD!"
old peoples reactions to this
today it came out that millenials should be given 10k GBP to be able to get on the property ladder/get a start in life
I find it funny right
unity you say?
bring on moar K-on this weekend.. kty.
I was meant to be watching more psycho-pass tonight.. oh well.
why can't life be anime.
if cute girls can get to Antarctica... why can't I say one sentence.
true..
indeed.
damn the curse of balal.
everything feels less heavy now though. so cheers all ^.^
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyGFM5CGnoo I got lost.
anyway, the reason I asked if anyone had read a wheel of time is due to the quote it has. The quotes actually from a japanese imperial rescript to soldiers.. Being "Death is as light as a feather. Duty, heavier than a mountain." features kinda heavily in the book.. and its stuck with me so to speak.
yeah I get ya
has anyone read a wheel of time?
I guess.. but I can almost guarantee I'll stay silent/continue taking the easier path.
its all good.
Ill just relearn sign language
heh
yeah watched that last week I think
yeah..
when I was at uni if I handed something in late Id just lose like 10-20% off my grade. What exactly are you doing in Unity anyway? Out of curiosity.
yeah that would be a more accurate way of putting it.
then you get australia where voting is compulsive and people just willingly take a fine.
I mean at the lowest level the people vote for those officials. or dont vote at all. then wonder why their lives arent progressing in society.
but I see your point. though... saying such as "you have this power use it" is applicable to democracy. and look how well that goes.
yeah Alice what if Im an anarchist.
True.
Hm. You have a point Alice. Personally though, I find the whole attacking those who are born into something to be unfair. Especially if they aren't using that privelage/lack of as an excuse to do bad things. I suppose that is somewhat apart of the video too. I just dislike the whole "white bisexual progressive female" character. It's always played off extremely heavy handed in those videos. Tis actually more apart of the problem as to why some people choose to be intolerant of others as far as I'm concerned. Making anyone feel attacked is the wrong way of doing things.
I dislike society.
I suppose that would be true.
for example, why can't you want progress. but not have all that stupid "trigger protection" and stuff? like.. cant you want things to move forward.. but also offend everyone equally? :p
though they fail to have a non extremist point of view every time for the stereotypes they use.
ahh those videos are always so interesting
wrong button
whoops
I also have a few more beatmaps this time.. kinda
ahah we shall see
Im so bad
like 3-4 ahah
but theres some songs on hard etc that I still just cant even do more than 3 hits on heh
sure so long as we dont go uber hard like last time ahah. my reflexes mighta gotten better
been getting a lot of S ranks on stuff... on mostly normal and some hard difficulties.
plez no Im still a baby
uh failing at osu right now heh gotta go pick my brother up soon. how come?
thats kind of what I do right now.. no motivation to program, not really massively in the mood for spam watching anime either. dont even play any games. usually when this happens I try to find a way to break the ordinary some how even if its really hard to do.
3D printing, such a great innovation
but yeah, a wall wasnt punched. master of anger me.
maybe this is why 2D girls are better
towards her. not asking what was up sooner and such.
mhm. I mean I can understand her point of view and how my actions were readable to be what she thought. so I mean I can admit I was being inconsiderate
and yeah a box sounds nice
because why would she believe me. heh
she called me a liar. so everything I could say to me wouldnt have had merit anyway.
oh and also on top of that
that made things even worse..
how would you act if someone started acting as if they were pissed off with you and you had anxiety
not that there was anything wrong with our friendship. but eh.
I know. so are toxic friendships.
does indeed. but ah well. I have anime and she can act like a child all she wants. even though it kills me that I cant say a word to her and that I know she wont ever return my feelings.
She's also the person that showed me symphogear.
Basically, last year is when I started getting into anime properly so to speak. And she was the one showing me what's what. But I stopped talking to her because I thought I'd done something due to the way she was acting. Eventually she asked why I stopped talking and I said I thought she needed space. Which she said was bullshit. Then she said I only watched anime to talk to her. And that was the end of our friendship basically.
Aha. It's complicated. But I'll give you an abridged version.
But I don't want to sink to her level if she's going to be like that.
Was tempted to say shi-ne..
I think I'll manage to not punch a wall though...
Don't usually listen to stuff on the go.
No headphones. D:
Ja... Attempting to contain anger. Somewhat successful.
Got told to fuck off by the girl I like and I didn't even say a word to her.
Urge to punch a wall.. High.. Woo.
especially since that would show her I actually care and I dont want her to see that.
mhm. plus I dont really feel like losing my temper for the first time whilst sober in like... 8 years
Im just still amazed that on whatever day last week I didnt break my hand via a wall.
lul
indeed, I can live with being a hypocrite. because I can accept my failures/wrongs and flaws.
I say, whilst I let how a girl I like sees me absolutely destroy me.
and I wouldnt particularly worry about it either. life'll go on. regardless of how others see you.
nah its not bad advice for you, its just that you dont know what your true self is yet.
this is where the great saying "stay true to yourself" comes into play I think
you can still take it. but choosing which to actually listen to I suppose is what would matter. and then things would start to change again
and then your masks stay the way they are.
and not worry about how others see you.
or you can do whats truly hard
you can indeed. but then you run into the territory of being weighed down by how others see you
thats a pretty famous philosophical quote is probably why saki :p
not that long ago. less than a month even I think
thats good then.
fair enough
I hope youve seen a doctor about that. coughs shouldnt usually last too long.
who cares if you can sing well or not. all that matters is that you have an outlet. Im sure my singing is terrible even though Ive been told even before my voice properly broke that I have a great voice in normal speech and singing. not that I actually sing anything.. other than along to sad sad songs.
now is the perfect time for some british bands to make amazing music.
(has never had the concept of not being able to take a class)
woo go saki
my belt has two added extra notches I dont even know whats going on with my life rn
Ive not lost any weight but my jeans are about 2 inchs too big...
also, does anyone feel like going to America, and making a new religion called Waifuism so we can tax evade for monies? lolol
just dont ask how many not human children Odin has.
they are meant to be reflections of humanity.
they dont attempt to be omnipotent perfect flawless beings
lets say pagan gods have flaws
yeah the uhh whats it called
repent at the 11th hour!
Im agnostic. kind of. its complicated let us say.
fite me.
also, Norse gods best gods.
in Gods view insofar as Catholicism and Christianity is concerned, God literally is the reason that you end up in Heaven/Hell.
by definition making it impossible for you to not sin? :p
but also, at the same time damned you to hell before you even do anything
you mean the guy who gave you free will
yeah pretty much Ibu.
sorry bruh but marriage existed before Christianity and governments
I quite like when people say marriage is a holy thing
and uses it to further their wants/needs
has a middle eastern based religion
where a country that hates the middle east
Murica
when people say the Qu'ran is violent I just go "so is the bible, you just removed the bits you dont like"
"you realise there are literally books removed because they dont want you to know that shit?"
and then I just go
I quite like when people tell me the Bible isnt violent
yeah I would.
that or they would all be foreigners who dont speak english.
garunteed.
but they would lose all their staff
sure.
no they really wouldnt.
no-one would work there if the pay didnt go up lmao
doubtful
because thats what the company wanted to happen..?
so they had everyone agree to a below inflation pay rise
inflations 3%
my union this year agreed to a 1.75% pay rise
I mean
in a national vote...
cause they were TOLD they had to tell people which way to vote
the person who was union rep at my work walked out of a meeting
scottish independence
no wait
the whole brexit thing
nah like
just defeats the purpose.
but the fact that those at the top tell everyone else at the bottom what to do
absolutely useless. the concepts a good idea sure.
unions are dumb
you mean Mr Ill bet my pay check on the company hitting targets
I know
*coughs* trump again
*coughs* trump
not agreeing with people and NOT fighting?! insanity.
BECAUSE that would be too easy.
but men have been doing it for just as long as women have.
theres a whole negative thing attatched to prostitution
yeah pretty much
male escorts just arent a thing.
none at all.
yeah lets pretend there are NO male prostitutes shall we.
gonna quote that out of context so hard.
ahh those who hate the oldest trade in the world.
yeah.. got to remember, its okay to be empowered. but good lord dont you show those shoulders.
such an awful thought.. to some people at least.
being horny *is* explicit.
didnt you know Alice
didnt happen often.
unless they were like 1 person over then theyd just bodge it I guess
if that happened at my school they would just make two classes
dis is why I need to move.. to a more populated area.. so I can just become a famous youtuber lololol. jk.
I mean its barely worth my time being there until I get to overtime where I get paid 2x pay
but if I wasnt at the top tier it wouldnt be worth my time being there.
and Im at the top tier of pay for the job I do which is shit admittedly.
I dont get paid enough as it is.
when used in the context of someone acting out of line/not listening to you in an aggressive manner
"what the fuck do you think you're doing?!"
its like me shouting "oi mate!"
isnt a greeting
but the way you are describing it being used
I mean I call my friends at work cunts all the time. but it doesnt make it less of an offensive word.
these days I just dont even attempt to deal with genders. easier just to deal with people as they are.
rofl.
hexadecimal more your speed?
well damn. got me there Alice.
this is why we should all just speak binary.
you can *never* say hello as offensively as a brit can.
woah now right
stop jii'ing meeeeee
harsh. just cause I make sure to know things ðŸ˜¢
its in my vocab. fite me Alice :c
^
uhh theres also the original meaning for the word... used in correct context to mean slow or to slow. but with the offensive connotations attached to the word these days its best not to use it.
I went to uni near manchester and there wasnt quite so much public racism.
and there are a lot a LOT of bigots here.
I live in scotland
I dislike the whole thing where people decide that people get too easily offended.
yeah of course.
more people are realising its not ok to be feeling the way they feel.
yeah pretty much.
the change is slowwwwww and usually follows with a load of steps backwards alot of the time.
where he literally insulted everyone whose ever been subjugated to slavery in one swift blow.
kanye stupidity.
you mean slavery was a *choice*?
I just laugh it off mostly or insult them back does nothing most of the time.
heh. stupid shits stupid.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THIS IS MY FACE
I get racial insults all the time.
being English in Scotland
well thats a lie
yeah I dont really live in a place where I would face slurs
Ive got to admit I have also never been offended by a slur.
run away!
run away saki
Im just gonna sit here and be thoroughly surprised at these slurs.
this is why we need singing lesbian magical girls.
the son should not inherit the sins of the father
ALL THE COLONIES
its inherently racist towards Asians..
heheh
oh wait same thing
you miss spelt gay ibu.
until she learns that SHE isnt the sole person that ahs to worry about it.
and will continue to get cockblocked by lords
she got cockblocked by lords
all I can say is I don't want to live in this country if I can help it.
May trying to speed through it is just making it worse.
the entire situation is fucked
oh but he *never* said that explicitily.
you know its escalated when you say *absolute tossers*
because they are retired and are happy to not have to deal with the shit storm cause they will be dead anyway.
idiots who already dont have to worry about their futures
mostly fueled by old people who want the good old days back
then theres being a racist cunt
well yeah but I mean theres just being a cunt
funnily enough, little to no racism at a primary school level. cant speak above that due to moving away before secondary school.
so I grew up with friends of different cultural backgrounds.
is because I was raised in Bath, where its a multi cultural society.
I mean the reason that I see what I see
its like a lot of christians are bad people. being christian has nothing to do with it.
exact;y/
and I just kinda sit there going "uhh sure if you think that sucks to be you. I know some great muslims."
I get to hear how muslims are all bad and shit all the time.
but at the same time
oh wut how is it 20 to 11
all of our would be exports were sold off to other countries/moved their main factories to EU states where they were given benefits for doing so.
the thing is that we have completely moved into a service based industry country
because antiquated jobs.
but the mines needed to close
and at a really bad time to do it
she did it for the wrong reasons
she did
the oil taken from the north sea, sure it makes a good bit of money but its barely a scratch in what we will need
because we closed the mines for good cause too.
we dont have fossil fuels to export
we sold it all to china...
we cant suddenly get our steel industry back
we dont even have anything to fall back on
and your 12000 derails.
YEAH KERRIK
but it also depends on your natural tolerance and the like.
yeah
it depends.
makes sense.
drops all my filters, anxiety goes.. confidence comes out of nowhere.. life gets easy.
I prefer MDMA personally..
also, ibu two great songs in music... should give them a listen..
has just been... a while since Ive had a drink... and a bottle of JD usually helps me get out of moods like this.. when I want to be somewhere else... doing fun things. :p
nah if it was traumatising Id be going for the real hard stuff lmao
I think next week may require alcohol..
I mean wut
9 or 13 twists right?
yeahhh. ah well. now Im into stupid thinking and being eh mood. ;D
regret not going to bed heh
I was meant to be going to bed how did I let myself get distracted like this.
seeing a girl wearing my t shirts >.<
that is one thing I miss..
or with a dead arm the next morning or something
usually end up just sleeping the way I usually do..
yeah I never have even when Ive had someone to cuddle
lul Im good. I have no interest in relationships till I sort myself out.
not that I have a daki either.
we have decided not to go the route of having a companion right now
but unfortunately for some of us
ahah sure
is like... holding onto something whilst asleep
Im pretty sure the only good thing a body pillow is for
pretty sure theres a company somewhere figuring that stuff out... lul
depends how upgraded you go
I mean wut
welcome to the world of body pillows..
2D > 3D
avoided 4chan entirely. woo..
if you kill our PM Ill let you have it.
with really dumb hoops to jump through
absolute trash
but then in others its under funded over managed
in some respects
*is* really good
the UKs NHS right
I mean
started trying to get fit earlier this year and pulled a muscle in my back thats huge and that was like 2 months ago and itll take agesss to heal.
yay state health care!
and its making me depressed..
Id have to say that the level of pain is so bad that I think itll never end
if I wanted to get physio so my shoulder doesnt get worse
so I just dont bother.
anddd sometimes at work due to the fact everythings repetitive and is the reason I have RSI to begin with the pain gets to a level where those just do literally nothing for me.
I get to take over the counter ibuprofen and stuff that barely takes the edge off...
I have pretty bad RSI in my left shoulder
you dont have to tell me about that
the doctor apparently went into her room afterwards and was like "whys her dosage this low? no wonder shes in pain."
my friends mum had an operation recently and she has a really high tolerance to pain killers
yeah quite an unfortunate thing that one..
gotcha
I see.
so to be high but not so high as in youre just like... basically knocked out?
I mean you want pain relief without having the same effects from oxy right?
yeah. also less drawbacks in general from weed at least
to get to that level of pain relief from cannabinoids you might have to take a significant amount more vs opoids
waterrrrrrrr
drink some water too.
ahh
buh uh yeah how are you smoking it lmao..
Im not sure of the difference between medicinal and the usual stuff. ;D we dont get such luxuries in this country
cause if youre using a roach, and skins and purely weed and you dont smoke thatll be why your throats getting wrecked.
like tobacco
and do you usually smoke...
how are you smoking it?
wait..
right.. must go to bed after this song.
I imagine the recovery period is hell...
right one song before bed... this time for real.
ouch
ibu did you listen to those two songs I posted?
and how her whole face lit up when we were talking.. sigh
the things I kind of want to hold onto the most about the girl I like are gone... like how her smile looks etc.
from*
there are some memories I really wish I hadnt lost form last year...
*reasonable abuse*
blanks in my memory caused by repression, alcohol and small amounts of reasonable drug abuse.
like if I went and lay down Id fall asleep asap.
where you think you arent tired.
Im actually not tired though. or Im that kind of tired
yeah somewhere around there I stopped scrolling and I couldnt be assed to use search
like 40ish minutes ago surely
and for 2-3 weeks afterwards I kept losing time.
there are literal blanks in my memory.
though I can only remember parts of the night
dopamine
but the whats it called rush was epic
I originally only started with 1 gram. and I didnt intend to take more than half at most
it was
because I was super down about a girl. and I wanted to fly high
tis the reason that at new years I thought it was a good idea to do about 2 grams of MDMA.
lifes full of experiences.
why not.
I hope its volume isnt that of more than 1 inch.
*waits for Alice to drink water one inch at a time*
drink it in less than one inch increments.
approximately one inch is enough to drown so be careful
this is why you dont play with sharp objects kids.
Pft. Don't be silly. Zenbu loves me.
Almost made it all the way through the day without overly thinking of the girl I like.. Till I got on the bus. D:
Woo go Kerrik. You succeeded in unnoticeable mathematics.
Just seems like it's not my type of logic. ðŸ˜‚
Pointer not integer.
I mean
Would rather do integer arithmetic than discrete maths.
Immediate dislike.
Dislike.
Basically non continuous mathematics studying mostly sets of countable things right?
Heheh. Just looked up the meaning.
I feel like you didn't grasp it well enough if you didn't notice the fish! Discrete.. Uhh.. So maths that is... Barely noticeable?
What level of mathematics are we talking out of curiosity?
Then I hope you answered fish correctly.
Remember, 2+2 = fish.
not having enough alcohol to get drunk enough kinda sucks
ringing in ears = the worst thing in the world. trust me.
being adulty and looking at methods of buying a new car... bank loans... are scary.
depends how big  the melt down is I guess.
whichever floats your boat.
yeah. definitely vent. or almost have a break down
just ended up calling myself an idiot just for thinking of attempting such.
I know dem feels ibu I know dem feels. spent most of today considering saying something as usual.
now you're being attacked by Alice.
though I have a terrible habit of also cooking the same things over and over again...
but thats just because I rarely cook properly.
insofar as technique I suck
Im actually an alright cook
wanna start learning so I can make some awesome bento to take to work and lose some weight.
I need to start getting it right so I can make o-nigiri
jk. best $10 ever.
you were a waste of $10 saki ðŸ˜®
this sounds like a complete done on experience type deal.
plus always fuck up with starch as well :c
I always end up with undercooked rice and no water even when following direct instructions for the amounts
teach me senpai
how..
cause that shit is beyond me. D:
wait do you guys cook rice using the evaporation method?
was like "uhm how about no thanks."
obviously I missed the order because I didnt see I had a text and was told they would send out the cold food.
I gave instructions for them to ring as well. and apparently that was my fault.
I once ordered dominos and the driver *texted* my phone to say he was there
could be worse
ahah
ambitious.
society and progress in one sentence
never mind *calling* someone I dont know as well.
I have major anxiety just talking to people I dont know
5 takeaways in the area
but there is also only
yeah
everywhere else is phone up/go in D:
also where I live theres one takeaway that you can order online for.
I had a kebab for food. I am fat. fat is achieved.
takeaway
but at the same time I think I use that as an excuse for myself to not even try sometimes
having low self esteem and anxiety sucks balls. I know theres confidence in me when I can find it.
yeah I get what you mean. I just wish I could make my mind up
and then randomly its just "talk to her. ask her. fall to your knees and say "gomen'nasai" until she hears you."
"its okay its over move on. you fucked up but theres nothing you can do now"
because I go through phases where I just go
I know and thats the worst thing
well idiot.. "baka baka baka" is more accurate.
the other day I had a couple of opportunities of possibly asking her if we could talk and I just kind of.. let them go and called myself an idiot repeatedly.
hey the alcohols kicking in..
mhm. its all because of a misunderstanding that I made even worse stupidly.
nah. I see her every day at work and thats about it really.
like all of the signals I get are that she definitely doesn't want to talk.... but I want to tell her I'm sorry
if Im even within 5 feet of her
and the fact that she quite literally physically moves away from me
and its not helped by the fact that I get anxiety around this person
see for me, I think I'm holding regret over it
I kinda feel like I should have gotten a bottle of Jack Daniels instead of 6 bottles of cider... but what I really feel like is getting completely and utterly high
and it was only a friendship too.
its almost been a year..
I dont think anyone does. maybe the question, does it ever get easier to let go of someone is a better one.
does life ever not suck?
oh no relationship talk whyd I look.
its pretty much applicable to every debate.
nobody wants to debate with someone who refuses to understand the basic concepts of the debate you are having.
Get all the flat earthers. Put them in a spaceship with go-orbit. Just leave them there to witness how wrong they are forever.
one person is enough to drive me nuts. and the idea of them having more than just me would also drive me nuts.
tbh I couldnt ever see being in a relationship with more than one person as ever working.
isnt that just upgrading to the new model?
anyway, sleep time for me... gonna be drained af next week. first weekend of overtime is always killer.
I see.
at least not that Im aware of anyway.
where as here you dont get that type of thing
yeah obviously
yeah obviously, just in some countries (murica?) you get a scholarship before attending the college
as far as Im aware. they are reliant upon you accomplishing the target grades and stuff. add a whole load of pressure to an already high pressure situation
scholarships in the UK arent obtained until you are on the course
thats good. also, if you do start a course but you don't feel like its for you. don't force yourself to do it because you feel obligated to.
I had one choice and that was it.
just dont do what I did.
also happy smile vacation increases mood greatly too.
working overtime this weekend as well which will be a drag. but at least next week Ill have all my money to myself yay
makes me smile errytime.
thats so cute god dammit.
infact Im already in that mode right now :/
plus today I spent 10 minutes across from the girl I like and didnt once try to even ask if we could speak so Ill probably be in self hate mode for a bit again
its the week where a big chunk of my weekly wage goes out of my bank.
I have a feeling this weekend is going to be heavy
ikr. Im having a dirty kebab right now and I have cider but thats for tomorrow after work.
obviously something you think youd enjoy
or plan something to do thats different for you in the near future.
that leaves food.
or something out of the ordinary to break the rhythm maybe?
or food?
figuressssss
wise choice
and mask the underlying issue with it. hence why its not a good idea at all.
if you take it youd probably feel like youd want to continue taking it
but
MDMA yeah
but its not a good idea at all.
I have a not very legal suggestion
dealing with it isnt at all easy
ahh yeah that feelings quite familiar
how bad is it?
headpat
yeah thats better.
I dont think you really need to add an identifier as to the fact you are trans though
I mean insofar as your prefered pronouns go.
I think the fact you have (Alice) makes it clear Alice.
how dare ye!
calling an Englishman a scot.
dont make me break out my Birth certificate.
woah now
you can literally step onto it from hills.
isnt made to be high?
you do know that that wall
uhm
I forgot gomen'nasai
or I might completely fall asleep depending on how energy intensive work is tomorrow.
but Ill probably skip the first two eps.
ja I will be
and hopefully buy some figures on the side...
got work tomorrow cause overtime. need to make b0nk to get rid of remaining debt
well maybe idk
I have animez to watch
not yettttt
shh Im tired.
all the meds really do is attempt to balance your brain chemistry right? also, Amazon is local Ibu. Buh.. its not the same as going into a physical shop.
I wish there was a local weeb shop for me too... this country sucks.
right anyway. sleep time. cya nerds. (plez dont make me have to catch up with hundreds of messages tomorrow..)
feminine looking?
I think they could have easily made a female version of the male one though and still had it be just as like
imagine if the female had a version of the males though would look so good dammit.
its mostly because writers would find it really hard to write to that kind of character Id imagine
like Darkness for example.
theres something sexy about a woman in armour.
also I quite like games where you have the option of sexarmour but also get a sweet like.. heavy/light variant for female characters
you're telling me that the metal bikini that protects the same amount isn't logical Alice?!
complete with epic back braking pose.
there you go.
its not amazing but ight
I actually have some NSFW art of my lock that I had done heheh.
but then Id also love making my lock look very locky.
I use to slutmog the fuck out of my mage on WoW.
some people work 2 hours extra during the week for time and a half.
and I wouldnt do more time without it being double.
its voluntary
yup. right after this song.. sleep... saturdays.. work.. at least its double time :/
that is literally the only possible way things can change. children dont actively learn to tease without influence.
who dont teach their kids bias. or that one sex is inferior to another
I mean what will change that is parents
may as well be one Im attracted to dammit.
IKR
on a female character...
not me though.. I swear... the armour just looks better.
*coughs*
because obviously theres a really high ratio of players that do that...
everyone just assumes that if you play a female character in an MMO you are a guy.
(the bullying that is)
maybe one day we will live in a society free of that bullshit.
And having nothing to hide has nothing to do with wanting privacy. I literally hate that rhetoric.
Yeah I didn't get a room to myself until recently. Though I spent 4 years at uni so.
Ahah. I don't even have curtains. But my mum/brother randomly walk in all the time.
I have pseudo privacy as far as my family is concerned.
being stuck on someone you cant have sucks.
there was such a dark time?
and Id been here at least a monthish before that I think.
took us what 3ish weeks to watch S1 of K-on
it feels longer than that but thats probably right.
what is time?
uhh
I joined uhm
july
ahhhh
to which you replied "I dont need your money"?
itd just be me and WFC posting in a drunk channel most of the time
I swear I remember you being unable to type and having the usual Kanade rant.
am I forgetting weeks?
are you sure?
Im almost certain its almost 4 weeks in a row but Ill let you off.
turning the french into singing lesbians?
so the chances of you knowing someone who knows someone else who is also like minded is high if the situation is correct.
I mean, you generally associate with like minded people better than you do those who aren't like minded
*thats how all things start*
thats a scary conspiracy kerrik.
or are you stacking your two times into 4 weeks split over 2 months?
do your months have only 2 weeks in them?
uhm
how can you be drunk so often WFC and not be able to pull it off
how do you even begin such a conversation..
11/10 would not recommend ever.
wait
thats a rather drastic point of view.
het therapy, what all good christians believe is possible.
WFC plez this is serious business.
surely doing that would cause some form of mood swings?
that bikki quote is one of my favourite quotes ever ðŸ˜„
death is survivable. Or Fine.
if your name is Ver
one of those things is survivable.
why would that stop you from doing what makes your life complete.
almost everything can cause cancer
though I dropped that.
I wasnt a fan of Fate having to suffer in Nanoha tbh.
no thats Site WFC :p
like the antagonist is going to make the protaganist suffer to some degree.
I mean most problems are going to be suffering of some description.
if there isnt something to over come generally its not really that interesting. unless its SoL
everyone being happy just leads to boring writing though
you cant be madoka without some suffering.
suffering.
buh buh
anyone who views another person as inferior isn't worth talking about.
ah one of those types of people
please don't discord and walk.
pantsu.
not a big fan of prelati. and saint-germain is pretty awesome.. just cags... is great.
favourite alchemist right there.
saint-germain was always female in geah though
ja
I know in geah that prelati and cags were men who changed to women
yeah was apparently male.
in real life that is.
the person the character was based on was male were they not?
puntastic.
dat pun
anyway, time for me to go collapse.
idk
no more bullshit than how crypto works
which is bullshit
the value of currencies are down to those who mint it entirely.
aka the gold standard was scrapped years ago
but now most currencies are not tied to anything
but I mean, anythings value is usually completely down to the whole demand/supply thing.
well yeah.
because its treated like stock
may as well just be stock.
they arent even actively used as currency anymore.
as a concept the idea of a deregulated currency is great. what bitcoin etc have become. not so much.
Irelands not being very enviromentally friendly.
a universal currency would be grand.
unfortunately theres not really any other way to have a currency thats not regulated that will actually work.
just not in the way it is currently.
ffffffff
deregulated currency is good.
but but
not sure how so?
hm..
one day people will realise that the things written on the paper are as flawed as those who wrote them.
ah yes. worshipping a piece of paper...
whilst that guy is always going to be paid more than the respective population are so the up/downs dont greatly effect them.
via "oh everything goes down/up in value" thats not great.
if some guy in an office somewhere decides entirely upon how much my life is worth
bloody colonials.
motorways dont go through cities here
ahh I see
55 speed limit in a city.. wut.. madmen everywhere.
yeah I know that Murica is a big place with some states.
moar autobahnsssssss
yes. everywhere needs more autobahns
was going 100 once and my friend overtook me at 120 in his MR2. I was like "mah ford dont go that fast Q.Q"
I go 100 to overtake people safely.
I go 100 down a couple of stretchs of road on my way home from work if I drove to work. but back roads so its safe. and only on straights. I like living
I have to be careful driving home now cause its summer time so a mobile speed camera camps the fuck out of the road I have to drive on. Which I usually drive on at 80.. and its a 60 :p
instant ban as well >.>
I think its 4 years
if I do 100 here I get banned for 4 years
thats so unfair
are those speeds legal there.. sheesh.
143/75 I think he said.
apparently also helps with blood pressure cause mines kinda high.
and maybe just maybe I'll be able to get past it and finally talk to the person I've wanted to talk to for months.
asked my Doctor about anxiety stuff today... hopefully this will solve the speech issues I've been having.
plus I have highish blood pressure which made the betablockers a better choice anyway.
ahah yeah. my Doctor actually offered me antidepressants that also combat anxiety. But I chose betablockers over that.
hm. not sure if the effects of the Anxiety medicine I'm taking are already showing after one day.. or its purely placebo.. but I feel so much more calm.. like at work today was pretty chilled out even whilst asking my superviser for something which usually puts me a bit on edge.
hyper realistic dreams that aren't lucid can be so good sometimes.. or absolutely too real and suck.
Ive had a few lucid dreams recently. I think my subconcious is stuck on the same thing over and over because usually towards the end of the dream I burst into anger at someone. lucid dreams creep me out most of the time.
you aren't also lucid dreaming in these realistic dreams are you?
my day has been amazingly decent. strides forwards. Yatta!
But at least I feel less anxious over it I guess.
She then sat in front of me on the bus.. But had her headphones in so I spent the whole time thinking about if I should disturb her.. Guess there's only so much the meds can do.
So, finally asked the girl I like if we can talk or not. She didn't say a word. Now I don't feel bad.
idiot checks are important.
whenever I leave the house I always double tap both pockets
thats always the worst. putting something somewhere you thinks a good idea, then having a brain fart and completely forgetting.
2 weeks seems like a really short window for antidepressants though.
my doctor told me to make an appointment in amonths time for my anxiety meds working or not.
I wouldnt overly worry about it. Its the first medication you're trying for it. if you don't get results you'll get changed to something else that may work. just don't overly focus on them having to give you results.
of the antidepressants?
ahah well I mean theres the beginning of a game. its just my self motivation goes up and down and usually I find it hard to keep myself challenged.
Id make it in unity or write my own engine for it. :p way more fun I just always hit a point where I lose interest though :/
Making an rpg is something I keep starting.. And then stopping.
if your parents hadn't told you the difference you'd not know.
why do you know what is right or wrong?
but that is completely taught
there is just one people lets say.
if there is no us or them
where would that thought come from?
with no bigotry at all.
where children are raised by not racist parents
I mean, lets say in a perfectly ideal world
thatll just lead you to question why you shouldnt be doing it and then someone would do it
why would you need reminding not to do something all the time
I dont think it needs to be reinforced though.
you'd struggle so hard trying to change the people who are already bigots now.
the only way to get rid of bigotry is via proper education.. at an early age.
just we will have nazi's who are pretending to not be nazi's
except we will have nazi's
uhm
I have no idea what any of this 4chan nonsense is.
huh.. I never knew what an incel was... or that it even existed..
do they also wear uggs? and yoga pants?
*continues drinking lucozade that he said he was going to cut out...* uhh
if everyone is not going to press the button
I mean, thats kind of the point.
but a nuke does a better job of peacekeeping than a gun does.
why do you need a gun when you have a nuke?
there are literally *buttons* that can decimate the world.
I really don't see why any country currently requires a permanent military of the sizes that we have.
(please don't militaries are so out of date)
*enlist today*
if a 3 year old can fire a gun and kill someone ibu so can you.
I dont think force of arms are never necassery.
the arrogance of man kind is pretty amusing.
pretty much.
"humanity is a scourge. we aren't important, we will all die and the universe will keep on ticking. Fuck the idiots"
tbh, I'm kind of at the point where I'm just like
and then you get the nazi via "but why not?"
probably via the fact that youd try to reinforce not being a nazi
also, wasn't a serious answer.
indeed.
*wait a second*
wipe them out with fire power..
but of course the first will lead to the second.
having a predetermined dislike of that type of person because you were taught it and being extremely vocal about it. not so much acceptable.
see, I will accept the fact of if say, someone was done wrong by a specific type of person a few times and they found distaste/dislike with that type of person. that's acceptable.
if you disallow the thought... it can still happen just by the fact that you're suggesting it to not be there.
that in of itself presents one of the biggest issues tbh.
that would then be modification of instinct over time?
hm
what your idea of right/wrong can be without being taught could be different from what someone elses would be.
I honestly don't think anyone else would be able to "run" the companies the way Musk does successfully. Like even if they tried running them a different way I doubt it would work.
and then bankrupt him and the board will get rid of him
its probably going to blow up
what I meant by the fact of "is it big enough to bankrupt SpaceX" is Musks ideals of "innovation over profit"
lul
if not, its not Musk enough.
big enough to bankrupt SpaceX
is musks new rocket
what I should have said is after the moon landing things slowed down significantly due to the fact there wasnt a need to race to new technology anymore. things still progressed/are progressing. but where they could have been now if they were given the same time/effort as they were at that point would be possibly completely different.
mhm..
satellites.. not robots blregh.
I mean, a lot of those robots were sent out 30-40 years ago...
that might be a bit of a broad statement.
we haven't really gone forwards insofar as space exploration since the moon landing.. everything else has mostly been close orbit work/firing a satellite miles away for years on end.
a hefty investment is required for us to take a technological step forward.
I should really thank Trump for the amazing memes that have come out of this space force bollocks.
*space ISIS*
*space oil*
true.
so why do you need johnny to go fire that automatic rifle at some people in a country you have no business being in?
then you have "peace"
I'll leave.
is she just racist?
would probably have been better done by some indie director.
"heres a name we can attach to a script. moneyyyyyy"
yeah... its more usual hollywood bullshit.
I think it opens up a whole can of worms...
uh
"I'm sorry officer, but I don't think this is the time or place for jokes." if it falls flat heheh.
Im just going to try to fill up my bank as much as possible. theres not much I really need to buy maybe some more clothes. my car should be completely fixed this friday insofar as mechanical emergencies go.
it costs me Â£2 a day right now :/
2nd year of university.
yeah I have a 1350 overdraft that Ive had since uhm
I have more overtime this weekend. so yay. saving up for some alloys/building up to paying off debt I have.
oh boy. thats just as good.
sounds like *figurines* to me
fair :p
Sure some people can. But the majority can't. And yeah but I mean you can weight cycle without a fad diet. and get better results by being active with a balanced diet. I remember looking into the paleo diet and my brother telling me Id be better to just adapt my diet to being more balanced/better for being active over trying to cut out carbs/sugars and eat like a caveman. :p
just try exercising without any carbs to burn.
the issue with fad diets is generally you won't be able to stick with them. from what Saki has just said I presume Keto is basically a carb cut diet. Which is great, but you won't be able to maintain it and as soon as you start eating carbs again you'll have the weight you lost put back on. learning to balance what you eat is actually the best way especially if you want to start being physically active as well
Fad diets aren't great.
I mean, "its just normal for us" could be used for anything
If you want to live in environments where hate is prevalent more power to you I guess.
But thats just me.
Idk Chris I don't tolerate any type of hate.
I wouldnt really say that was hostility though? I've never been a part of that server but from what I have seen I am glad I haven't been. It may not always be that way and its probably not everyone. It is probably a case of "those select few" giving the whole place a bad name. But I personally didn't see Saki's comment as being anything other than what it was. Advice to Ibu.
I think what Saki meant by that comment Chris is that Ibu shouldn't rejoin Valk for the sake of one person. I don't think he was taking the piss out of anyone merely stating that being somewhere for one person when the environment is possibly hostile towards you/others isn't worth doing.
nah thats not how that shit works
as if you can directly control whose willing to march their homosexuality..? o.O
didnt london pride get ousted as not being "diverse" enough?
tyty for the interesting conversation.
ight anyway, weather is nice outside I need to go rub a tonne of rust off my car
true true.
Ill accept extreme intolerance as something that is unacceptable
stem intolerance before it happens?
yeah Im familiar with that. I just think that it may be possible to like.. idk
but if you are you are just adding to the issue no?
but you can't be intolerant of intolerance
pretty much.
so instead of achieving what you wanted to achieve (which imo should be guiding someone with small opinions that are wrong towards a more socially acceptable understanding) you end up making the thing you wanted to stop much worse.
but like... if you make someone hide their smallest opinions their bigger opinions can also become toxic.
that may seem kind of counter intuitive.
you can be nice to people but also voice an offensive opinion.
this is in essence the issue I have with groups that hold extreme views over social issues.
how can you show someone they are wrong about something if you just go "oh you offended me please don't speak again or this'll happen"
which is ridiculous.. when you think about it? how are you meant to help someone become tolerant if you don't know their views on something?
where people can't even voice the smallest opinion incase they may offend someone
idk because you can quite easily get to the point we are at now
obviously, a small thing is dependant on your personal view point.
if for example its actually a very small thing, you probably don't need to go burnt earth on it.
it also means that you should deal with how you are offended appropriately.
from my point of view, everyone has the right to be offended. but no-one has the right to purposefully strive to offend and belittle others because its funny.
its quite a major issue with how people perceive their right to voice their opinions/humour. just because per say you have the right to freedom of speech, that doesn't mean everyone has to accept the fact that you are exercising it.
like you probably shouldnt make a racist joke that your 5 friends are okay with when you're with 30 people.
there are acceptable levels of banter based on group sizes though...
is all.
yeah I understand your point of view don't worry. I just think you took Saki's comment beyond its context.
and I wouldn't say anything beyond that personally.
like I said I can't personally vouch. I can only say off of what I have seen.
not saying there is examples of that. but that is what the "its normal" statement can lead to.
Im just using an extreme example
"its everyone else that is wrong you should also *hate* with us"
"it's normal for us to *hate* these people so thats acceptable to us"
neo nazi's for example
its such an out dated view of things. like I just can't understand it anymore..
this whole "this country for these people"
tbh I find it stupid
*screams internally whilst he suffers continuously from the mistakes of the generations before him*
sucks to be you guys
When you forget to take your anxiety medication for one day. Then get very slightly anxious over something.. Yeah those things definitely work.. At keeping my blood pressure down to say the least. ðŸ˜‚
Damn straight. It's almost as bad as cloud based family sharing... "oh look someone uploaded a virus infected file to the cloud. Gee thanks guys!"
Having all your stuff in one place is like Internet 101 nono.
anyway gotta eat and franxx it up so bbl.
I c
*underfunded police force can afford to do that?*
let me just think about this
let me
*asking* and getting police?
so under funded how can they afford it.
surprised there were even police tbh.
police dont really work that way here..
uh
me dislikey.
yellow doesnt suit you.
R got upgraded
also they cant legally do anything about a peaceful protest
the police would have no control over who could/could not march.
*revolution*
did some body say
insofar as the rest of the world was concerned anyway.
he was still right wing...
I find it funny when people say Obama was too liberal
mhm.
you know this!
there is never enough anime to get your fill
just remember, one day we will be wiped out like the dinosaurs.
its kay guys
or the churches to hold science back.
imagine what our culture would be like if we hadnt had the dark ages...
hate for the sake of hate.
unnecessary division.
that all the racism thats been brought forwards gets seen for what it is.
I kind of hope
and collapsed from the inside out
its more that they over stretched their power
ehh
wouldn't have libraries. skills would be kept between master and apprentice.
wouldnt have universities... wouldn't have hospitals
without latin we wouldnt have a lot of languages in these forms.
without the arabs we wouldnt have numbers
the less of a divide there are between populus' the better.
WFC seems to have been brow beaten into this line of thought.
lul
the best countries in the world though have this dirty socialism concept of "if we can educate our population and get people working on things we can have a strong economy". pretty disgusting, right?
in the UK the government loans you money to go into higher education, or you can get apprenticeships/trade skills stuff where you're paid at a lower rate whilst learning but its still a good rate if that makes sense.
thats kind of correct Pats
but if we do that Alice... how will we make money?
theres a lot of things that they all ditch/dont want to teach because its a both to them
the thing is that people forget the source materials for most religious writings are all the same... insofar as Abrahamic religions go..
I like to imagine those who fired them barely read the bible anyway
not being Christian enough
but when war is a business gotta make that mulah
when no country was meant to have a full time military service...
why are you running for Prime Minister
forget critic. if I were in a comic book my negative self would literally be the villian.
arch enemy even
Im my own worst enemy
(take notes Kerrik its really useful to know how to abuse angles.)
(half face selfie hides the fat)
< exhibit A.
I can fail at trying to be handsome.
*plez no die fellow Dess*
glad we are on the same page.
idk if being ripped apart by a mass murder counts.
its that whole if you feign confidence thing you are confident.
if you feel cute... that can lead to being cute.
but Saki
well, I guess thats religion debunked right there.
you mean you didnt get hair on your palms?
sorry what.
heathens! *coughs*
anti-het seems like a het hate group
yeah I suppose.
I wonder how much of the voting electorate in the UK are homosexual/other.
yeah you're right that'd never work :/
"why not."
wear a mask to not be identified... but wearing mask increases sentence... if you get caught?
Everything feels heavy this week..
off*
if that actor could pull of the character of course.
at least that would make more sense
due to adaptational differences, if it was undefined that would be fine.
if they had not done that it would have been acceptable for her to play the part.
well thats kind of shit.
Im just saying..
Im not defending the casting choice
also it was made for western audiences.
not anymore
sure once human
shes a robot...
the major doesnt have a defined race though.
I presume you mean the gits part red
ryan reynolds signed on to do green lantern and I wouldnt say the film was an absolute flop purely due to him.
I mean
should have been burnt lol.
awesomely trash
what do you mean that film was awesome
yeah thats what I heard.
still havent seen live action death note or fma either. not really sure live action stuff is my cup of tea these days.
I still havent seen it.
and becomes toxic very quickly.
it starts out as "this might not be your best idea"
usual internet type deal though tbh
hollywood opop
make money
attach big name to script
theres literally no denying that the reason she was offered the part was due to the fact she is who she is.
that she was.
*sex sells*
buh buh buh
Im not even surprised by how this conversation turned out.
ahah. yeah theres also that I suppose :p
like almost all languages though whilst learning, make sure to keep your self exposed as much as possible to it so you dont forget what you learn.
hope youve got a time machine!
best learnt when young like most languages
I really hope your mum realises soon that her behaviour/attitude isn't the best and isn't going to help either you or her in the long run soon Saki...
BARK at the MOON is a real tear jerker.
mostly any kiri/chris song
I need a proper stereo in my car so I can geah it up
happy smile vacation makes every  day have so much more sunshine in it ;D
geah music is what I listen to whilst going to/from work on the bus
do you have internet back yet? :c
having money I earn to do what I want with is such a dream.. >.<
tyty. this year Im aiming like fuck to get rid of the overdraft Ive had since being a student... and next year hopefully moving the fuck out/away and never giving out money again.
but some how expects me to pay more *and* manage to pay off the loan I had to take out so she didnt lose the house... twice.
pay Â£70 a week and its "not enough"
have to give up my car when she needs it on demand dont get a say in it.
lol. well ya know...
but my mum actually wants to profit off me living here and that just seems unfair
I do. and it is less than if I lived by myself
Kerrik add me to the list of wanting to escape family. (but thats just cause it absolutely sucks having to pay to live under someone elses roof and be told you dont do enough for them)
maybe thats why I stopped playing video games after learning how to program for them hm
I have no clue what I really want to do. and no real direction right now.
Im at that point in my life after doing a degree
thats fair I guess.
so at least you can go "Id rather do this"
also, if you dont really want to do CS then find an alternative
I havent coded in about 3 months and when Idid it was C# so that doesnt count.
he said name famous shows so dats wut Im doing
cowboy bebop
full metal alchemist: brotherhood
neon genesis evangelion
what month is this?
I havent programmed in uh
(also academia sucks would not suggest)
dont do something you dont enjoy for their sake.
sometimes this discord scares me
so ibu's family must also be.
Ibu is really imperialistic.
just pretend youre part of the royal family.
lol
and some studio headphones and a way to control acoustics.
just get a decent studio quality mic and gogo.
Sheesh that escalated quickly. Good luck Saki. Hope your quick planning works out!
thats like the 5th or so time in the past 2 years.. I love living at home.. woo... >.>
the reason my mother is bitching is because once again, her burying her head and avoiding the situation has caused the mortgage to go unpaid for 3 months.. hence possible eviction.. again...
for me it might be a very soon kind of thing.
theme of this week for everyone: moving out. apparently...
cant wait for monday... a week off work with no current plans whoop.. but at the same time.. all the money I get paid tomorrow is already allocated to adulty things.. >.< one of which is already bitching about the fact I want to make sure my responsibilities are paid for... instead of forking over all my money to her (my mother).
but, you've got a solid mindset SO you should be able to keep yourself well balanced and looked after properly. I hopes.
the hardest thing will be not falling back onto them because they've been there before.
new horizons
just keep your head up high Saki, keep moving forward and  keep discovering who you are. ðŸ˜ƒ
good morning.
ah cool. least theres another option kicking about. ðŸ˜ƒ
did you find out if your credits transfer or not btw?
but moving out might have to be a thing... because I *need* to make sure I can continue earning a living.
I have steady employment. buh no savings/my money comes and goes each week which blows.
cause reasons.
the more people around the easier it is to kidnap someone.
*immediate distrust activated*
*Ibu can lie*
risk is fun unless you get shafted with opening territories
*coughs* making the Confederacy entirely about racism etc.
and the US LOVES to make history make themselves look good
the victor writes history boys
anyway I best sleep. cant ruin my sleeping pattern too much :p
theres a reason I dont let myself get angry.
heh I wouldnt ruin the conversation. Id ruin any chance of fixing things, get so pissed off that Id probably smash a wall or something.
and yeah. my doctor gave me some meds for my anxiety and honestly the month Ive been taking them has been a lot better.
^that ones the worst tbh...
"what if, she ignores me and I cant control my temper and let slip something I don't mean?"
"what if, she hears what i have to say and tells other people."
"what if she hears what I have to say and its not good enough"
"but what if... she just says no?"
and at the same time Im throwing up
yeah I go through that a lot
over and over again.
its taken me like 8 months to get to the point where I stop thinking about how I can solve an issue that doesnt exist
hence the issue with a person at work that I use to like before i fucked everything up with and now can't even find a way to open a dialogue to fix things
yeah I have that too.
one time I was doing work experience and had to go into an office full of people I didnt know, took like 3 steps into it, turned around and left.
or going into some place with people I dont really know.
for me I get really anxious asking people for things
but surprised those people haven't gone "get help"
makes sense
I didnt talk about it with my mum. the first person I asked about it was my doctor.
cause they can help.
but yeah if your anxiety is causing you issues gogo
probably?
I mean... if you want to make sure you arent dying from some unseen disease
thats kinda worrying.
like... not even for a general health check up
and you've not ONCE needed to see your doctor?
10 years?
its been...
well, you probably should.
I just said physician cause I felt like being different.
Im from the UK too
I was gonna say doctor
like... for anything? lol
you dont have a doctor?
have you asked your physician about it?
thats the worst.
ðŸ˜¢
mhm tis the usual girl at work thing that hasnt really bothered me for a while really.
was just something I thought I was over >.<
I guesssss
whys drinking alcohol even a lil make me think of things that get me down... :/
lets not forget my favourite, removing a limb with an axe and cauterizing the wound. (totally legit)
I know cpr, recovery position, treating someone with shock, bandaging to some degree.
*everyone* should be able to give basic first aid. that should literally be a part of your schooling imo
so gl Scrmz.
people are less likely to act.
its like if you faint/have a heart attack in the middle of a busy street
dont worry. Im always about to listen if needs be. :p hope Ive helped even a bit. good night.
like Basa who Ive been waiting to get for months.
I can buy figures ðŸ˜„
AND THEN
and one less thing to worry about payment wise per month I hope.
ya gotta pay off a small loan and an overdraft but thatll put me per month hopefully at +200~ GBP moar
also in a few weeks I should be financially better off so yay (must not buy loads of figures... must not..)
seeing as I had no money and nowhere to go immediately lol
somewhat
(I need to move out so I dont have to live with this kind of stress anymore)
so the mortgage company will be paid off for a little while again..
my brother bailed my mum out.
also cuz I forgot. not gonna be homeless next week. yay..
*wasting water* ffffff
yeahhhhh. not great times. should be use to it by now but nope. >.<
I think the fact I may be homeless next week has actually hit me.. Sigh.
Not being able to sleep sucks.. Me thinks some stress is getting to me. Rip.
*doctors are witches confirmed by Sparkle* 100% true though. No-one is infallible.
I mean real real life and not just anime real life ðŸ˜›
would that still be isekai?!
where the person is sucked in from real life?
how would you catergorize an anime
me too WFC me too.
*shots fired*
*why would you bring that up at a time like this WFC you bulli*
valued employee #1 Saki
First birthday on a new beginning actually being a part of it. Good start. :p
I mean its not literal like "second thing that pops into your head"
I suppose so.
and your second thought is what you are actually thinking
yeah so say your initial thought is what society has caused you to think right
but rather the second thing I thought after seeing what Tiny Miku posted was "I wonder if that means that those whom have dark/harming second thoughts often are acceptable by societies standards." because obviously at some point in your life you'll always have a second thought to some degree no matter how you try that is probably not going to be positive to you/others? but I suppose that is somewhat the point is it not?
well I had a sentence written out. and I just wasnt sure if it made sense.
hard.
words.
heheheh. well it was less of a dark thought and more of a
I'm not at liberty to discuss this. Otherwise I'd have to kill you.
*this second thought seems rather dark send help*
but if you dont play the whole album wut are you even doing
it does.
*play the whole album you heathen*
you cant play one Pink Floyd song by itself
I mean
I dont see a reason for it. But then I dont really go that extra mile for grooming type deal.
I imagine its probably an initial pain type deal right?
*thats a blatant lie*
I mean if it were effortless Id probably not have a beard...
I get chills just thinking about letting a tattoo artist shave my arms...
also, I've always been in the camp of "wax.. that doesnt seem like a good idea... apply to body then you cant pull it off because you're scared".
maybe if I ever find a real barber Ill have one.
apparently a cut throat shave is like the best thing ever.
and girls.
thanks guys.
having the random thought of "I wonder how a cut throat razor shave would feel on your legs"
fair.
I also dont really want to live here as well so.
so my point of view maybe biased.
16ish years
I mean Ive lived here for uhm
(except me who went to Bolton because Scotland fucking sucks)
thats why everyone goes to Dundee.
why does that not surprise me
*that course*
oh
we dont need to add more to her.
Shirabe is scary enough as it is...
that is a very fair point actually.
thatll open up a whole world of "now I want to know what she would have said"
before checking what channel it is
probably starts finding stuff
which course is that?
I mean they are alright.
ehhhhh
to a bigger deep fat fried shit hole?
why would you move from one shit hole
*you take that back or her majesty will hear of it*
gl with twintails.
though idk how people would react. but at least it would be spectacular?
with Megumin and coming out
"ibu can definitely link these things together"
I actually googled PE4 saw dynamite and was like
glitter in the dynamite. totally works for a megumin cosplay.
*glitter*
I was taking your request seriously.
Ill leave.
heheh
because you're dynamite  heheh
drop pretend dynamite everywhere
wait Ive got a great idea Ibu
thats totally safe.
or you can just carry a briefcase with a digital clock you made in it.
and I didnt say *kill anyone*
why not make use of it?
I mean if you can get C4 that easily
itll totally work.
Im aware.
"exproooooooooooooooooooooooshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuun"
and go
just throw C4 everywhere
though Id do a full bearded genjuro because goatees do not work irl.
*and he has a beard mwhahah*
the only cosplay Im considering right now possibly is genjuro
that makes sense
ðŸ˜„
whilst not shaving his beard.
Im one of those guys that likes to pretend he makes an effort to shave his beard
hair growth is weird more like.
growing beards is hard
and Im glad I had it truly.
tbh uni was an experience I will never forget
thats also fair Ibu
and there is a LOT that I need to learn. but thats all a part of it really.
and I know that my knowledge is lacking
I know a fair amount of C++
well thats a lie
I know a lot of C++
or be a part of a team that maintains one.
and that just bores me... I want to make an engine from scratch..
like Unity and Unreal
plus it doesnt really help that currently A LOT of companies use prepackaged engines
pretty much.
once you know how the magics done. poof.
but at the same time I think learning how to make games has ruined both my love of programming AND playing games.
I like learning, I enjoy programming
I realised that academia isnt my thing
getting a degree wont land you a job.
University isn't all its hyped up to be.
I will say this though
like 15 year veterans etc so its just like "great theres already a big learning curve and then theres that ontop thanksssss"
but Unreal is a mess and people that have been doing it for years still mess up alot
like I said, prepackaged is just eh. I could learn how to optimize in Unreal pretty well Id imagine
oh yeah R Im fully aware of that
headpat
its kay Ima youtube learn.
but I just dont know how to not end up with nails like that...
mine are surprisingly clean unless I car stuff.
also I use to use nail scissors but uh.. they kind of suck if you cant use them left handed.
Look at this travesty. Don't judge me grooming is hard.
Ox that reply was great y u delete.
"ma finger nails are bigger than the clippers send halp"
"you wut, how does that work"
and Im like
I got told you should clip once straight across
how do you *nail* properly.
nail maintenance has always confused me.
(I wish I could look like my avatar)
live with it anyway.
attempt to then manual razor some nice lines and fail
go all over
I just cheat... and set my clippers to 5-7mm
wait you might be too old to do that. stretch muscles slowly.
learn to be bendy Saki
ear cleaning is a medical procedure not gonna lie.
as in design docs? or where I went wrong with the idea?
anything*
obviously not finishing them makes me go "uhh" and is probably what has stalled me in doing anyhint
yeah Ive had a lot of really oversighted complex projects for quite some time
(targets are one of my biggest fails because I always push them back/give up too easily sometimes)
maybe Ill get a basic OpenGL framework going and focus on smaller skills and actually completing them within a targeted timeframe
true
I just need to find my drive again mostly..
over things that do things behind a blackbox and make the nice things happen if that makes sense.
things that can be seen are valued highly.
I mean thats what "sells" your portfolio though
Im curious.. who remembers that time we were watching anime and Rabb.it decided to just blatantly show ma name?
Kerriks being bad and meme'ing where he shouldnt.
yeah we go srs if srs is required.
*nothing*
I regret nothing.
Ibu zesshou'd, Kerrik you bastard what have you done.
now Im thinking of other things that D could stand for that are funny...
heheh
little Boss
or Boss.
confusion intensifies.
I was gonna say
not gonna lie Saki if I ever met you I'd probably call you Saki...
*dammit I felt like that would get a response*
Kerrik the absolute loser of the internet archivists.
so if its only pronounceable  by a fictious alien race Kerrik we cant use it as a name?
theres a lot of those in Scotland.
*irregular name*
anyway, gotta sleep so night all.
I dont require a book or a community to tell me wrong from right. I can do that perfectly fine myself. And if I can do it, so can others. And if we all did that we would have no need for religion.
because what matters is the now. and nothing else. :p
regardless of if I am judged at the end or not.
but what I mainly learnt and took away is to be a good person
well actually it may not have been CoE but it was religious to some extent.
which wasnt too bad it wasnt forced down our throats
when I was younger I went to a church of england school
acceptance of all and not condemning of others. forgiveness and to be kind.
thats actually one of the biggest teachings religious people like to overlook
for sure.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-suvkwNYSQo
lets see I has a yt video for this
"you mean a greater being created all this stuff. *including suffering* I'm sorry but whats so great about that?"
"thats nice but how does this effect me?"
if there is ever proper proof Ill probably just go
like what you think an atheist is probably isnt what it actually is.
theres a whole sliding scale on this.
allegedly.
toddler Jesus legitimately tamed some dragons.
because it was "too unorthodox".
teaching them that the Bible literally lacks LOADS of writings.
because thats always a fun one.
do they also believe their version of the Bible is complete?
Id say just say the earth is flat but they may actually believe that.
ah yes...
indoctrination sucks.
how strict of a church are we talking here?
I was gonna have an epic MGS PC case made up years ago... ah the ideals.
buh buh Tiny Alice would be great.
*smolice*
its a solution you just dont want it.
fire makes piles of logs smaller. <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
buh Kerrik I halp.
*slowly lights a match* I halp
I have very little issue with those who freely practise religion. Those whom are indoctrinated not so much.
what if they dont want to be agender?
but then youre forcing them to be agender
how will you decide what to be?
about anything at all
idea*
alright if you had no diea
how could you say which you were?
if you had 0 idea of male or female right
they wont be able to choose between the two?
if you dont give identity to either
of one OR the other
but you need some foundation
of course its necessary to have either "boy or girl" but that doesnt mean you need to stereotype if that makes sense?
a child is whatever sex it is, and gender identification comes later.
I mean as far as Im concerned
the biggest issue with attempting to do what youre suggesting Latooni is the fact society really isnt made for that.
if they want to there is nothing wrong with that at all.
yeah thats kind of my point
Im aware.
extreme example sure.
that lead to depression and suicide anyway?
like what if that causes a continious loop of identity crisises
mentally speaking that is.
and wanting to transition to the other?
idk I feel like that could cause more issues than being raised one
one that has no concept about it at all.
like how can you go "this is what gender is" to a 4 year old
idk I feel like whatever you tried to do they would probably not understand fully?
how could I know what I am?
and I was not told there is a difference between gender
but if I was not told I was male
right
in my mind at least.
and I am male?
because I was born male
uhm
how will they know?
right?
its too easy if I just say Kiris last name right
true.
if they won't miss you they are missing out big time. you're awesome Saki.
there is that yes
headpat
"thank you for making my life comfortable because I can't adapt to you" is how I read that.
is that really called for?
that...
this is how we adult right?
I boughts me some alcohol cuz today was tough.
UK 13s are easy to find these days.
I wear size 13s. Size 7 was a long time ago. Idk scrmz, every time I talk about it I feel like it's somewhat a bit better in my mind, but then at the same time.. It seems to come back worse.
Hm. Why is it whenever I feel like I've gone forwards in life.. Something happens and I just go backwards.
Go Saki go! Be free!
*oh wait popular*
your last name is melodic death metal?!
privacy and all that jazz :p
makes sense
my last names mundane and Im okay with that
but is simple to say/spell. :p
find a name that has a cool meaning behind it
THANKS BRAIN. two steps forwards, three steps back >.<
have to work with her for a few hours today. not taken my anxiety meds in a while. hello over thinking.
honestly, barely even thought about the girl at work for like weeks. maybe a small twinge of regret now and then
I hate anxiety, can it just not exist please.
or rather dealing with regrets and shit. bleh
ahhh alcohol.. the answer to dealing with people...
Because they "were the aggressors" involuntarily.
Were not allowed to do so?
Doesn't that mean the Germans who opposed hitler
If aggressors aren't allowed opinions
Wait
And you aren't worth the time.
Because we aren't children.
We shall not.
I'm not at all sexist Hazel grow up.
How dare you call me British. ðŸ˜‚
ðŸ¤”
Oh no I'm so attacked.
Which are not true.
Like you, are making statements directly aimed at solo.
Directly.
No I made a statement aimed at you.
I just dislike Hazel being so superior and saying others can't have opinions.
Better wording would have been a good idea.
Yes I'll admit that one.
I'm not backing out kiddo.
That was quite literally aimed at Hazel for her attitude.
That wasn't an "oh women make things up" attack.
That she fabricated things solo said quite obviously, because as I understand, she is female and not an aggressor and that makes her superior to solo.
ðŸ˜‚ ðŸ˜‚ ðŸ˜‚
Definitely a woman lmao.
Putting words in his mouth.
And of a narrow point of view.
For what happens which is stupid..
Because you're labeling him at fault.
Is because solo is in a country that's aggressive.. He can't have an opinion..
Your position if I understand
Uh
I think at this point WFC it's better to give up.
Sorry, May.
Yeah. I'm 100 percent behind thatcher obviously.
Oh. Damn that does make sense. Hm.
Just curious but what country do you live in Hazel?
And not every citizen agrees with being the aggressor.
Anyway back to work. Seems its fine for her to attack solo but not for her to feel mocked.
Yea but I'll admit fault on that.
And my statement that is a fact reflects that.
That it is wrong to say someone has no opinion upon something because of who they are.
And a very apt one at that.
It is a fact.
That's not at all sexist.
It's not.
Perfect opportunity missed.
I could've broken out "I remember in history when women had no opinion for being women"
I've got an engagement party tomorrow so I'll get my alcohol today.
Oh yeah of course. I forgot.
Drinking this weekend WFC?
Probably.
It's Friday, yay!
Anyway.. Uhm
Lessons learned and such.
Oh well. Mistakes were made life goes on.
I mean to be fair, I admitted my wrong so I'm quite alright with being kicked. Next time I'll make sure to not generalise a statement. I just won't stand for someone saying someone else isn't allowed an opinion/their opinion isn't valid. I did say it to trigger Hazel and I know that was wrong of me. But meh.
honestly Ill never know why its better to have your child be dead than be autistic... when a very large amount of people fall on the spectrum somewhere without even realising it.
diseases that were eradicated in countries are coming back. but a study thats been debunked and  disproven is still hold as gospel by idiots... its so sad.
thats the only real exception.
exactly.
mandatory.
or panels of doctors.
verified by a doctor
but unless theres a real actual health concern
I mean sure.
should be a requirement no matter what.
I was immunized against both I believe.
that is indeed lucky.
and having to live with an iron lung for your entire life...
so was polio I heard
because they are the ones putting their children in that position.
I mean, the blame was still on the parent.
especially when they themselves DID NOT suffer any bad effects from what they refuse to administer.
via not getting them vaccinated.
I think one of the biggest issues right now is people willingly letting their children be detriments to society and the safety of others.
I know.
suddenly more money to care for those that need it.
keep the people with X disability, get rid of the people with IQs below an Alsatians... problem solved.
true true.
so miniscule.
I mean, no vaccine will outright cause autism anyway thats proven. the chances are like
exactly.
I could get a doctorite decide that cheese cures lactose intolerance and that doctors have been bullshitting for years and no-one would believe it.
I honestly dont get how people think that a paper written by ONE doctor is the end all source for something
especially when your government doesnt even want to support its own citizens.
like I can barely afford to support myself. supporting others is hard in that situation.
I see. to me charity is kind of a hard thing...
dont think thats a thing here.
generally have some CEO taking massive cuts of the "donations"
not to be a dick, but because I know that most charities that are big enough to get attention
I dont donate to charity in general
It screams "my way works. The dream is real everyone is prosperous because they are."
Tbh, trumps latest statement about if he gets impeached literally tells you how out of touch the American government is with actual people.
lucky. the slip on steel toe caps I have to wear at work suck dick
seems legit to me...
mhm Ill just not say anything next time. its easier than fucking up.
that sentence alone I will admit can be construed as racist and I should have properly either continued the sentence or actually thought out what I was going to say.
yes I understand that I should have properly worded what I said.
hence, I'm not surprised that sexism exists in companies. and I will never say that its acceptable. because its not in any form. neither is racism.
want to know what I did about that? reported her because my female colleagues are as capable as I am and are paid equally to me as they should be.
because they are female
my female boss literally told me the other day that women are incapable of completing the same job as I am.
in either direction might I add.
I mean Im not surprised that sexism exists in any company
China as like with most eastern asian countries still has a society that  predominantly caters towards the male population insofar as leadership/respect. Is that really racist? Hm.
no you're alright.
obviously.
the thought was stupid.
nevermind.
ight. but if you have a leadership position whose presenting outwidth as well
lul
unsurprising when the companies now chinese owned.
and learn to set realistic goals quickly... because no-one will actually teach you how to do that.
lol.
just be wary of anything that you try to deeply lock away being brought to the surface if you get to acertain point of being drunk...
as far as I know anyway.
when one application gets denied you can apply to another.
I only applied to one university with terrible grades and got in based on my UCAS points lul
some people change their minds about going to uni all the time.
it doesnt even really come down to whats popular though
are politicians popular?
some people end up going to better unis/courses due to this.
they take applicants at lower grades/who didnt apply to that uni to begin with
when universities dont fill all their spots
btw clearing is a thing.
if that makes sense.
just happened this relationship started in a "Ive gone forward" part
it goes round in cycles :/
I've tried so many times
but being with someone else just reinforced the fact it wasnt who my head wants it to be... and the person is unobtainable insofar as my mind is concerned.
or I *hoped* I was past it...
I thought I was past it to be honest.
cuz whenever I was with her... I was thinking of someone else... and when I should have been missing her I wasnt missing her as much as I should have been
she felt its just no right.. and I kinda agree...
cuzzzzzzzz
got broken up with
one less girlfriend it is..
whelp...
you mean his marriage to madam isnt actually a marriage?
hows that even work though...
hows...
ahah
*which go against lore*
I suppose halo 3 didnt yet include female spartan models
if you know that lore wouldnt that skew a bit?
well yeah
but spartans are hyper sexualised males..
but
toxicccccc. interesting hypothesis though.
*sees xbox live*
as far as the government is concerned?
and then condense it down to note cards?
but wait doesnt it make sense to take down all the information you can in notes form
but they do because reasons.
exactly :p
yeah but spartan 3s also break lore.
because ease of manufacturing and it didnt matter if they were male/female. they just had to be unidentifiable. buh reach broke that :p
yes however all their armour was the same
plus even though Halo 3 had a massively elitest player base at times. Alot of casual players were actually alright with things not going their way.
when you hit rock bottom the only real way is back up? :p
I don't think that. I said in the extreme cases.
then how does psychology ever work in the extremes? :p
then so are most if not all studies with any uncontrollable elements also scientifically useless?
but at the same time. realistic.
true.
you can just observe toxic behaviour surely?
you dont have to act toxic though
itll be more effective.
they should do a study on league next
I suppose so Melua.. unless you are me in which case you're sitting there being a nerd going "heheh I spartan pew pew"
because first time round notes are a cluster fuck
because directly taking notes on that size is dumb
not directly taking notes on 3x5s?
I booked plane tickets today for christmas travels.
ahh I see.
being so tall sucks in my case :p
I have to fly economy everywhere...
Im just like "just another journey".
ik people can get all like built up like Scrmz is saying
is it weird Im completely indifferent to airports/plane journeys?
but there are no planes made of air ðŸ˜‰
I know.
AEROplanes.
*AIRPLANES*
I mean theres that I guess. sometimes used.
ah nah dont really have a word for that.
woah lochs and lakes are completely different.
its shit. theres one supermarket and thats it lmao.
for the nearest town.
4,734 local population
literally.
because I live in the middle of nowhere ;D
the likelihood of you being anywhere near where I live is statistically low.
Im 200ish miles away from glasgow so Im safe af.
technicalitiesssssss
*thats just alcohol*
malt liquor is just ehhhh idk how people drink it.
ew whiskey
free food/drink always tastes better.
there will come a time where you get past it. :p
eh alcohol.
*who said that*
the world would be great if it wasnt full of people.
entirely depends upon the sacrifices you're willing to make.
people just uproot their lives with no money and take little to nothing with them to do so quite often.
did Labour win? no. did it make a difference? yes.
they literally had the country at a stand still unless the grasped for power from some tiny party in Ireland
the conservative party thought they were in for a sure fire win
take the last UK general election for example
your vote ALWAYS makes a difference to your life even if you lose.
thats pretty much the same thing...
but you just said you dont gain anything from voting.
when statistically the amount of people NOT voting is sometimes more than those who are.
its literally a "my voice makes no difference so I shan't bother"
along with all the other people who also don't vote.
that attitude is what you gain by not voting
"nothing to be gained by voting"
its just another part of Trumps amazeballs team of "make america great again" people.
tbh, isnt even a surprise.
and then have things changed due to that.
because they could say you are watching literally anything
if its someone whose not even in the club it makes little to no sense.
ridiculous.
some would call that common sense.
see that makes sense.
but "too gorey" and "too sexualised" are rather subjective points?
sure.
yeah exactly
idk
Jojo's is rated like
as in
18 19 20 21?
as in
wut age range our we talking about here out of curiosity?
I think one of the issues with a public figure apology these days is the fact that they have been done left right and centre by those who mean it and those who don't. So it's almost impossible to tell sincerity. Add on top that they are being done for even the slightest thing as well they're just diluted really.
and yes Im aware the next thing you'll say is that you have *nothing* going for you. But, thinking like that is what causes there to be no positives about you in your mind.
if you focus on the negatives you'll never realise what you do have going for you.
added up to like 50 hours total along with my classes and shit.
ahah I was meant to spend about 30ish or so hours a week of independent learning/studying.
:/
I do not miss those days... well I do but I don't.
12-13 hours those are rookie numbers Kerrik! Gotta pump those numbers up! ðŸ˜‚ go you ;D
do you mean discovered as in, not just carrying hot coals from trees etc that happened to catch fire?
so basically *do as I say or its disrespectful* type deal basically.
But to be tolerant of those who do not follow the same teachings as you isn't a thing.
that the Bible teaches tolerance.
ah you must remember
hence hoarding of like oil and stuff by those in charge.
usually have at the head of it, someone who decided they had power to make themselves better off.
that the US loves to go "look it failed"
and socialism in all the fun examples
yeah.
I know.
you can't have communism without socialism btw.
to stop tyranny.
or "right to form a militia under those governing the country"?
"defend the country" is it not?
and there for collapses almost immediately.
and thats the fact that a lot of the time its so easily exploited by those in power.
at least in its modern standing
theres only one issue with socialism.
the not understanding how amending works.
the biggest issue with America's constitution...
as yes
the whole ideology of "if you work hard you get rewarded highly". and then be like "this person works 80 hours a week and barely makes a living but they are doing it wrong" is like wut
I'll never figure America out.
they just take government money then do fuck all with it.
yeah... private sectors suck
as far as Im aware its a two tier paying system for canadian health care.
but it does suck there
"look it doesnt work"
"look the NHS is failing"
its also a socialism thing.
Im not talking about communism am I.
isnt that the reasoning why some medications are expensive? or at least the reasoning they use for that?
I'd rather own a sword.
just got back.. so much text...
hmm..
but I didn't state anything about anyones belief other than my own?
sooo I can't state my own belief? hm..
he can't smite you when he doesn't exist now can he. :p
*pray it away* ah yes. the solution thats been working for thousands of years.
kinda tempted to have something to drink.. but at the same time thatd ruin my kinda cleaner eating habits.
today feels like its been really heavy for some reason :/
ew the EU
I just remember when I was at uni having a lecturer explain the reason as to why I don't actually own any of the games that I have but rather own a license to them and such.
for sure.
but you also have to answer to those same laws.
yeah
under the computer misuse act.
DDoS'ing servers and shit would be a pretty legal valid reason
I mean
like breaking the T&Cs or something
yeah it has to be a valid reason.
pretty much.
*spoiler alert you never own software just licenses* :p
I suppose it would be written in such a way that it wouldnt conflict with the rights the government gives you.
hmm..
I mean, war is wrong always to me.
the drafts a rather weird thing... because surely it somewhat removes alot of rights that a citizen has at the time of use?
anddd now a whole fuck tonne of emotions decide to well up at once. woo... :/
ja. dont drive when angry kids.
(downloading yuru camp because reasons)
its not good. the reason that I was driving stupidly was because my mind decided to go to the usual person I dont want to think about and running through scenarios of *if* I actually tried to talk to her. most of which end up with me being angry in some form which leads to blind anger and hitting a wall/anything. hence speed suddenly going up in the car... bleh
so much so that I may have driven a bit recklessly on the way home without realising it.
he was just super old, blind and completely unaware of his surroundings tbh. it really was his time to go... but obviously having a pet for 15 years... its kinda made me think of my own mortality and how much Ill regret if I dont do something I should have done ages ago.
nothing like having a dog put down to drive your mind into over thinking about lifeeeeee
makes sense Rakhi. anyway time to sleep less than 4 hours on a tuesday pray for my mentality lul
yeah sometimes.
I imagine itll be resolved through talking therapy though.
yeah I getcha.
and no matter what I do.. I cant move forwards no matter how hard I try.
its now 10 to 12 and I have to be up at 4.30 and I drank about 6 units worth of jack daniels because thats all I had...
as well as anxiety due to that kind of... mood goes up and down and today was pretty bleak...
lets say for the past year... Ive had the fact a friendship ended badly due to me on my mind.
I think... I think I've come to a conclusion that seeking professional help may be a good idea...
first day back at work after a holiday... went alright... but now my mood is bleak to say the least >.<
also not eating doesnt cause you to lose weight. when you dont eat for extended periods of time your body starts conserving more and more fat for in between when itll next get food meaning you dont actually lose weight you just hold onto fat more.
you shouldnt do these "eat this for X amount of time" bullshit things. just make a move (or do what i did go cold turkey) of cutting out unrequired junk and then introducing better things into your diet over time.
its your dietary requirement.
ITS A FUCKING DIET
just think of a diet as it should be
though since youre unemployed if you arent you will probably have to apply for the shit storm that is universal credit.
housing benefits, lower council tax etc.
I think you can manage. taking into consideration that the government will help you a bit.
Tis the better option for sure. Don't live in suffering for no reason.
also debt isnt inherently bad. the less of it the better sure. but making sure you can afford to pay back what you have to is the part most people fail at.
the type of person that has to bring you down about your capabilities generally are the ones that they themselves can't manage to achieve what they belittle you for.
I doubt that alot.
its good to know what there is available to you. even if its not immediate type deal.
might have to jump through some shitty loops though.
should get support for housing etc.
its a basic level of requirement in the UK that a support network be available to those who are homeless and vulnerable. admittedly as usual its quite underfunded and the waiting list for council housing *can* take a while.
the council should help you with advice on getting either housing from them or finding affordable housing for you. you're not employed at all currently correct?
theres no reason you need to be homeless for longer than necessary and you may as well have the best help you can get whilst you are.
<@!188714906143424513>  itll be hard to be rational at a time like this. I can't remember how old you are or if you have ever said before. But I'd suggest talking to your local council about housing. There are generally support type things within them for young people whom have to leave home. And I would say having to leave due to a mentally abusive relative is more than enough to get you the help you require.
At least the level of anxiety I have.
There's such a thing as being given or taking medication that you do not really require though. Like for my anxiety I was offered antidepressants.. Which would be quite over kill just to treat anxiety.
lol. at least you probably live a lot closer to actual civilisation ahah
I live almost as far north east as you can get.
Aberdeen is south for me. :p
my half sister told my dad that if I wanted to I could move down that way and she'd help me out till I had a job and could get my own place. which is hella tempting.. its that or I move somewhere like Aberdeen maybe...
mhm
wellll I may be possibly planning a big move next year... where I'll be back in the south west. we shall see though. so many paths to take...
I believe you're too far south for even when Im in the south Sketch. :p
social situations? *flees*
woo go Kerrik!
and then?
I think thats quite rational from what I've seen of what you've gone through thus far...
the best you can do is not show that they are getting to you.
theres probably not much you can do really... trying to avoid the person only goes so far because by the sounds of it they won't leave you alone as it is before this.
at home ye?
but at the same time... I think with the money you have you can survive a month at least.
UC sucks because you have to wait a month for your first payment these days
yeah good plan.
manage to talk to the council and stuffs?
Kerrik so young. sheesh.
tis strange how I can go from a pretty bleak mood due to thinking of stupid things... to cooking something and just going back to chilling... not over thinking... not even worrying about a thing...
aww sketch. dats a big goof >.< didnt ya notice at the time?
ah nice nice ðŸ˜ƒ
good shout. how goes trynna find somewhere to live?
I would imagine so.
surely yen doesnt go out of circulation that quickly?
ah I see.
because you never know when you may need 1000 yen?
every *single* person?
as in every single right voting person in america agrees with it?
sure. but do you believe that the right fully endorses the changes you are trying to use against my point?
no matter if you are left or right aligned.
those are points that you should be against.
again no.
insofar as Im concerned anyway.
that shouldn't require discussion because that should be given to you regardless of whose incharge.
no.
discussion between the left/right most of the time just breaks down into who can throw the biggest pile of shit at the other and thats sad. not that alot of other countries are any better tbh.
"oh no that doesnt hold to my values. nope we can't do that you damned conservative/lefty!"
its always "can we make some healthy changes to this?"
I think the worst thing about the current state of America is the fact that NO-ONE wants to have a reasonable discussion about changes.
likeeeee the amendments themselves are literally fucking additions to the damned thing.
its only when it comes to guns that its suddenly NOT okay to change anything.
most parts of the constitution have been amended/redacted in some part by later additions.
thats the thing though
don't have guns. cant have freedom.
so Im informed anyway.
kerrik guns represent freedom in Murica.
the kind of times when people refuse to allow laws to be changed. cuz ma guns.
than just hitting some pleb with my foam sword :p
but Im more interested in like... the martial skill
I mean, I get that there is some form of technique to it.
because the other guy has even less technique xD
and getting lucky.
insofar as LARPing you can probably get away with just swinging at the right time
I mean thats the definition of historical European martial arts as far as Im aware.
yeah
actually training?
learning actual technique
except from
ahah
I use to kick box and loved it. xD
plus a martial art is interesting.
I dont have the confidence for LARP'ing lul
or HEMA.
I still kinda wanna take up archery at some point...
;D
thats yo-yos Kerrik.
a BB gun and a real firearm are two different things Kerrik. xD
nah I just had the after thought that someone might not get what I meant ahah
yeah I should've said recreational shooting instead of shooting range.
I mean as far as Im concerned a shooting range/hunting is the only real use for a fire arm.
alot of the way Japans economy/technological progress was due to the restrictions put on them after WW2.
for Japan you can easily trace it back.
you could say that for a lot of the world tbh Kerrik
yeah its definitely a culture thing.
theres no actual... discussion about changes that would benefit everyone if that makes sense from my point of view.
its just that to me as an outsider a lot of would be healthy changes always get immediately shot down and turned into a shit throwing show.
but I do completely understand what you mean that not all change is healthy.
it was also written about single shot muskets that would at best graze/enlodge a round type deal.
gotcha.
of the English King?
well as written isnt it for fighting the tyranny
because "thats what the guns are for." which is bullshit.
there would be those who believe they can fight the government too.
when there are probably both left/right leaning people whom probably would like to see changes happen but can't.
and the fact that the discussion around changes so that say, mentally unhealthy people etc shouldnt have access to firearms always breaks down into a left vs right type deal.
which was originally about gun laws.
sure but you seem to be missing my point.
but they dont really have anyone outside of that party representing them to say that if you catch my drift.
yeah but at the same time there are people within the party that wants you to stop existing that don't really want that to happen.
because its party A or party B and those parties are covering such a huge wide area its stupid.
theres no real representation of the greater spectrum of political views
you're stuck with A or B
which is a huge part of the problem.
so the people who disagree with it on that side should also be shouting about not wanting those changes.
exactly.
it has to be an absolute?
Ive never had a vote take more than a minute... but I guess thats because of a low populous area.
"why bother when my voice won't be heard anyway." meanwhile the % who have this attitude have enough power to move a vote into a landslide in either direction.
I'm not apologizing to Aila. But I will apologize for stepping the line after clearly reading the message to step it back.
gomen'nasai Saki.
so fuck off kty.
like you Aila.
and people who think they are better than others. because they know best.
all superficial little cunts really.
xD
because people fucking suck.
probably because I dont.
lol.
as far as I understand it tries to emulate real battles/strategies as accurately as possible.
if ya say so.
oh I know what LARP is I have friends that LARP.
as soon as its HEMA its edgy. xD
its perfectly acceptable to want to learn how to do almost any martial art
you leave my edginess alone.
lmao.
no conquering
nono
gotta get in there early though.
the economy is on the up and up.
theres a place we want to be trading with
man have you seen africa
and africa
the asian markets are where real growth is.
I mean tbh the EU is pretty much dead.
lol
"pay for your memes peasents!"
ah yes that trash
ahah
it should be democratic process not just leadership deciding shit.
cant leave it up to those idiots in parliment
I didnt vote to leave. but I want to know what we are getting
I mean I care.
rapiers would be more Bojo style.
I was thinking rapiers
the only thing I even care about Brexit now is the deal we come out with and the fact that it should be voted on by the public.
May buries her head in the sand because conflict.
"I shall be Prime Minister, step aside May!"
Boris Johnson taking on May in a fucking duel?
can you imagine
can you imagine how much easier itd be to get rid of bad politicians
I wish we still had duels to the death
I suppose the definition of civilisation changes with each iteration doesnt it?
because Im pretty sure as a species for some reason we pride ourselves on being "civilised"
or do you just class the species?
so I guess it depends on your definition of humanity, do you include being civilised in that?
David Attenborough said today that climate change will most likely cause an end to all civilisation.
the chances of a non human made epidemic/crisis is low.
I mean, thats literally the most likely outcome.
"what a waste"
and just go
one day, a species will examine the earth
I like to imagine that one day, after humanity has been obliterated from the face of the universe.
thats a yes its america isnt it.
is going to war with russia self serving?
if there arent politicians whose platforms are say 75% in line with someone theres a gap there.
but thats an issue with under representation.
the right to democratically vote also carries the right to not have a say.
tidal*
I still like those guys who invented that wave energy thingy and sold it to Portugal because no-one wanted to buy it here...
a teaspoon of arsenic a day keeps the doctor away.
I like a teaspoon of arsenic in the morning dont judge.
it pays off faster
or rather
I mean solar is more green than wind.
biodegradable materials  instead of plastics kty
and hydrogen cars please.
even the current "green" solutions, solar wind etc arent really green.
we needed to be away from oil 40 years ago... and we could have been.
wayyy too late.
80 years is too late
or rather, they got in the right pies at the right time.
the only good thing about the Saudis is the fact that they actually know what a diverse portfolio is.
the reason Africa has taken so long to get where it is is directly due to the wests interference and passing on crippling debt.
that they then had to use to buy the materials from us.
at extortionate loan pricing
it was going somewhere before we sold them tonnes of concrete for dams and shit
like why did we have to do that... that was silly.
also theres the common wealth that we stopped trading with when we entered the EU
like I said, messed it up :p
lol.
thats how we messed it up the first time
so long as it isnt a giant metal rod
I mean
if you never ask you never know.
there are literally world wide agreements on not having a militarised space force.
you arent meant to have a space division though
for each hour but at least you still get paid.
where if you miss work due to illness past like 3 days? you get paid a lowish rate
it basically covers what they call statuary sick pay.
its unlikely we will ever get what we pay into it.
we only really see a benefit if we are ill
because you have social security instead :p
just say that you didnt receive one at 16 but are rectifying the issue but it wont be solved until after xmas.
Id ask if you can still interview without your NI
ah I see.
wuts the interview for?
:/
whens your interview again?
Id be ringing about a NI asap
so weird...
are you on the electoral role?
so weird.
like fully documented...
you are legally a citizen right?
but its still odd that you didnt receive a NI number at 16.
how to avoid paying tax 101 :p
I seeeeee
dodgyyyyyyy
Sketch, you dodgy.
oh boy
thats odd... have you ever held a job where you arent paid in cash?
also, insofar as overly realistic models in games... I understand that its not the best idea in the world... but at the same time... its the developers choice? If you dislike something in a game imo just don't play it... if enough people do that then the company tends to go "why arent we selling" and either changes or goes bust.
literally anything HMRC related will have your NI on it.
do you have any tax documents? its odd that you havent received one
I think Meta just picked the wrong wording Lat.
*please respond star dust*
cant beat someone up that doesnt exist.
shove him in a kilt.
I imagine they pick the most stereotypical guy they can
lol
you're just another brick in the wall.
all in all...
I fucking hope not this place sucks.;
ew god no
ðŸ˜‰
'_
robots dream of unicorns.
did you attend a public schooling system?
are you sure you arent a robot?
ahah
ðŸ˜„
10/10 would support if the human condition didnt exist.
communism is a great idea.
and doing whatever they want and not being removable.
adhering to their population
or get thrown out is better than 50 odd tiny governments
one government that has to adhere to the literal masses
nahh
and thats the biggest barrier to space exploration.
I think the biggest issue currently is the fact that we arent a united planet
it really does.
they will eventually get updated as time goes on
the rules are there for a reason.
I mean the original referendum actually didnt require any parliamentary action.
*first*
first time in history
another fucking massive failure of this government
yay
itll probably get past.
having a friend being so depressed that shes threatening to kill herself and is at the level of literally spinning anything you try to say into a negative. :/ how are you meant to deal with such a situation...
just focus on doing the best you can. its likely if you arent far off you'll still get accepted anyway. going to university normally is enough pressure... throwing extra stuff on top of that isnt going to help the situation. having something to fall back onto would ease some of the pressure and would definitely be a good idea.
I think you're putting wayyy too much pressure on yourself over what grades you need to go to what university.
thats a bridge you have to cross at some point though
drill that pierces the heavens?
did you say...
there is no enemy worse than ones self.
^
*what is fashion*
finland so you can rake.
Id suggest a nordic country...
the whole brexit shit storm has literally lit a fire under so many countries asses.
I wouldnt even move to anywhere in europe right now.
*thats what my mum did after my parents divorced. spoilers it didnt work*
move 600 miles away.
yeah just do what any logical person would do.
I can imagine since the entire system is a joke and depressing in general.
yeah
miles thick
though I think the barrier for the NHS is like
that privately or on the NHS?
wanna look at how much the UKs road tax brings in each year?
but at the same time doesnt pay for infastructure?
sure.
what would you call that?
pay it or jail?
I mean it is
if you prefer.
or extortion.
nah taxation is outright theft.
tbh everyone should protest taxes...
wait I thought the whats it of france was right wing from the get go? o.O
that just says it all really. :p
my longest ever relationship has been like 3 months.
adulting type deal.
yeah but like decently stable ya know
that Im actually a viable partner and not just what I have been in the past.
I mean not 100% stable but close enough to being a responsible adult
Ive kind of come to the realisation that I should be number 1... and should be making sure Im a stable person first. before trying to have a relationship
concentrating on yourself is a very important aspect.
and that reason is a girl that I love when I shouldnt love her. and those are all valid reasons Sketch.
theres a reason Im single.
nooooooo fucking thanks.
"you need a girlfriend. we'll set you up with XXXX"
people do that to me at work
the prospects of another world war.. oh boy. whys it seem that we just keep going round in circles :/
*must not make cake references* oh boy.. europes kind of turning into a shit storm piece by piece.
tis her second marriage... that isnt going great. shes Jewish so I believe both were match made type deals.
add in the fact shes married to someone that basically acts like a man child and is her entire life line of being able to stay in the country eventually.
tis a very complex situation
tis hard to say people care when they dont make an effort.
shes living with her best friend and he makes plans with his other friends and stuff/had to go see his mum today instead of going back to where they are living.
mostly they just arent making an effort type thing.
and yeah I was trying to avoid making the situation worse. I somewhat know what to say/not to say since Ive almost been in that place myself.
shes still being negative but at least shes stopped throwing things back at me.
I think its honestly an attention thing currently... she has attempted 6 times before though (before I knew her) she just moved to the UK from Israel and feels like the people she has as friends here who she wants to spend time with etc dont care/arent making an effort to actually want to be around her etc.
and forgiveness should never be freely given either.
an apology doesnt just erase wrongs.
doesnt*
plus it does change what he has done.
if he doesnt believe he has done something wrong he wont actually mean it.
I doubt if your Uncle apologized at all that it would even be sincere to be honest.
:/
oh boy he's one of those.
mostly due to the first past the post system and massive under representation for other parties.
it is.
compared to the right who increase taxation and cut as much money back as they can
which is good...
drops taxation so people spend more to generate money
the Left over spends hard
but theres no government in the UK that would actually correctly use taxes
oh yeah for sure its a mismanagement on the governments part
I probably won't see taxation as good for a very long time.
or rather lack of spending
due to how the monies spent...
has failing public services
I just wont see taxes as anything but extortion due to the way they are "pay or lose freedoms." I understand the benefits of having the things they pay for. but at the same time since the country I live in
your opinions as valid as mine.
I mean you can tell me what you like
if I had the option to not pay for them Id probably be using private services in place.
but the only reason I currently use them is because I pay for them
like, I know you're going to counter with the fact its impossible to not use the things taxes pay for.
hmmmmmmm
but its not okay to voluntarily not use the service and not have to pay?
but its okay for them to do so because they are rich?
because they dont use the things it pays for
that evade tax
there are rich elitests
how so?
and there for not pay the taxes? :p
yeah but I should have the right to not use that infastructure
also the assumption of "if my input is desired they'll initiate." is the way to never get anywhere.
the only time Ive ever properly asked someone out they replied with a maybe which was pretty killer :/
and ask and I have no clue how the fuck they do it.
Ive literally seen people who talk down their own looks non stop go out and literally walk up to any girl
being good looking has nothing to do with asking people out.
Ive had to deal with similar stuff tbh. but thankfully most people are surprisingly not stupid enough to believe the people that tried to make my life shit.
rumours are only accepted by idiots.
:/
for sure.
thats kinda immature on her part though.
I reckon if I did she would probably run a mile after telling me to fuck off.
Ive never confessed.
(again.. hypocrite right here)
but if you sit about waiting for something to happen... itll probably never happen.
you shouldnt like be forceful type deal
I understand where that comes from
see..
if you never take the leap you'll never improve. (Im such a hypocrite its unbelievable)
the only way to get better at it is to keep trying.
yeah gotcha.
I guess thats true.
I was more thinking the level of violence associated with it.
like, maybe only on the extremes right now. but does the same thing happen to extreme left supporters as well?
for almost any reason.
on the other hand, it kind of opens a door way for companies to say "you don't agree enough with our views. bye." to almost anyone.
on the one hand yes its good that the companies dont want to be associated with that type of person
that kind of leads to a very slippery slope though
and done nothing so far.
right I best actually do something since Ive been up for 3ish hours...
was thinking one thing and wrote another. lol
yeah I messed the context up in the sentence :p
but they can condemn you for say being drunk and doing something illegal.
drunken behaviour and acting like an idiot within reasonable sense
like they cant condemn say
theres really weird legality things.
well that blows even more.
some companies will fire you for social media postings etc
though at the same time in the west
that seems extremely binding.
isnt a big part of Japanese work culture the ability to separate the professional from the casual?
(also need moar figurines 3 isnt enough...)
the only one I dislike posing is Bikki... why did she have to be an early generation Nendo ðŸ˜¦ such pain in the butt.
theres not much else you can do.
theres something  awesome about owning figurines/collectibles that makes me happeh. Also Sketch.. prepare some questions for the interviewer and be prepared for the questions they will ask.
work for all the figurines. *all of them* and nice cars.
plus I imagine there would be some attempt to figure some bullshittery out regardless.
yeah but ya know redundancies have to be had somewhere.
which makes sense?
but it could also mean that they cant stop an impeachment.
true.
so... hoping for impeachment leads to pence anyway... which would possibly lead to a pardon if found guilty?
I see.
thats such a mess if thats a thing.
like.. how can that be a thing "lemme just literally break the law but get pardoned by my totally unbiased VP at the 11th hour." o.O
thats not how that works surely?
plus, democratically speaking
what it has to do with is choosing what we come out with.
it has nothing to do with overturning the vote
its not undemocratic
no rakhi
the leave campaign for scottish independence was trash
but at the same time
yeah...
this entire thing has become so undemocratic.
(still believes we the people should get to vote on the frigging deal)
if its the best deal it should be being voted on.
yeah true that.
Id love if the DUP voted against her in the parliamentary no confidence.
when they can just wait until after brexit and then have a new leader to "save the country."
have no interest in letting anyone else take the fall for the mess of Brexit
its literally because the 200 MPs who voted for her to stay
yeah I mean
the fact shes survived is honestly going to make everything shakey.
so we may go to a parliamentary vote of no confidence?
is that job in london?
ya got dis sketch.
shes pretty much staying around because people don't want to be the one to take the fall when it goes tits up
and she will literally just be there because her MPs don't want to lead brexit themselves.
Even if she gets through the vote of no confidence the blow to her "strong and stable" self will be huge.
but at least she fucking did things and didnt bury her head in the sand/avoid debates.
she did absolutely awful things for the country
but Thatcher was actually a successful PM
they act like the EU owes us something.
its just our negotiators fail to realise that we should be dealing on equal grounds
its not like we arent strong
see...
and will likely try to screw us over because we would be the "weaker" one at the table in his eyes.
one of the worst things being the fact Trump is an ass hat and may not give us any actual assistance in quick US trade deals.
we've been put between a rock and several hard places.
if we continue and take the deal May has. we become the EU's bitch regardless for X amount of time.
see... we've always been able to stop at any given moment.
but at the same time we wouldnt be stifled by laws we'd have to live with.
and we would be walking away from a very large sum of debt.
we wouldnt have single market access... and we wouldnt have any protection whilst we build up new deals with other trading partners.
at this point walking away without a deal may be better which is sad.
at the top level.
because everyone is so focused on "we are leaving hur dur"
we probably won't.
new EU law? gotta abide by it... did we get a say in it? nope.
where we are currently going to be 7 years a prisoner to the things people didnt want to happen with no say in them.
and then wants to rush through us leaving
not take actual time to go over things...
I still find it ridiculous that Mays move was to enact article 50 asap
theres also the fact the vote doesnt have to be identical to the last vote.
in how we leave.
but Im happy to leave if I get my say
I mean, I voted remain.
yeah I get what you mean I see those arguments all the time.
what was voted for (that didnt actually have any legally binding requirement to enact article 50) was vague.
the information has clearly changed at this point.
nah Im not.
some would say that it was undemocratic using that logic :p
this is the second EU referendum as it stands.
and things should be voted on again and again anyway
opinions change
the agency owning the catering/restraunts or whatever basically.
I think Sketches job is pretty much under an agency Melua so its just "do this for us and now this" etc.
^finding the way into healthy habits occupies a lot of time to start with and is definitely worth while. (eating better, exercising when you can, keeping yourself organised in some task you want to accomplish) you'll probably find it really hard to begin with.. so don't take on too much in one go. but it really helps mentally if you start on the smallest things first.
the first one was "leave?" "yes/no"
the thing is the vote would be different to the first one
does she know the meaning of democracy? like really..
the other day May said it would be undemocratic to have another referendum
its just sad that theres rarely a reasonable debate anymore
yeah pretty much
we know more now than we did a year ago... but theres still so much uncertainty.
so its a bit of a coin toss really.
but at the same time if we try to stop leaving now we  weaken our position in the EU greatly...
and people refuse to wait until we have more information on it before we leave.
or a good thing...
theres not enough data to say itll be a bad thing
who even knows
at this point
he just walked out.
like when Brexit was a thing my union rep told me that he was at a meeting and they were telling the reps to tell workers to vote against brexit
now adays though the union generally works in its own interest...
like when Thatcher was around they literally made the country come to a stand still
our unions dont quite have the same power as they use to
yeah so I heard
trololol.
*is not unionised*
ðŸ˜„
this is why we have unions
ehhh
and if the workers report that conditions etc arent good to these people it reflects badly on the company and they may not deal with them anymore.
who regularly do interviews with workers.
yeah but as far as Im aware my HR answers to a lot of customers
yeah they work in the companies interest but at the same time they are there to protect the workers.
our HR is again so much different.
but yeah there is that.
but how else am I meant to get super powers...
its worded vague but at the same time cleverly if that makes sense.
or be on a different site etc.
I work in packing but may be required to work in production
says I may have to work in other facilities owned by the company.
my job contract for example
UK law is so different to US law Melua.
and the company has to do their best to accommodate him.
yeah he has a right to ask for that.
or well there is? I think
probably not.
they would be liable insofar as not getting back to him.
and not the company that still employed him
in the UK that would be on him
unfortunately the fact that Sketch signed the contract knowing his allergy is a thing
but at least itd be a thing in motion if that makes sense?
they may say you have to wait for an opening
better to be safe than sorry,
but I guess... it kind of makes sense? ish?
that is peculiar...
only 10%?
isnt that shut down like
are the DUP even on side right now?
I mean may does currently have a government of 200 MPs
that is true I guess.
*whys that a thing*
hows that a thing
its sad that Amber fucking Rudd has the most sense right now
or to do much better.
when your opposition is incompetent you have no real reason to push yourself to do better.
he has even less of a plan than May does because May barely has a plan.
no-one is presenting anything.
he isnt presenting an alternative
Im thoroughly let down my Corbyns labour currently as well.
its just as bullshit and I was thoroughly let down by them
nah I wouldnt say its fine.
the whole "we can give this to the NHS" bullshit whilst neglecting to say how much money we get back from the EU etc.
or rather lack of giving proper information
I mean one campaign used massive misinformation.
and true Saki.
just in a different way.
the remain campaign also lied Rakhi
I mean, Id rather they continuously vote on something until the somewhat haziness is gone if that makes sense.
like I keep saying idm that we are leaving but be damned if I dont get a say in how.
type of thing.
"continue with this deal?" " get a better deal?" "consider other options?"
this would be like
To repeat a time would mean it has to play out exactly as it did the first time really.
Would it be repeating if you change even one thing slightly the entire year could change...? Also, just because you've gone backwards to you doesn't mean it would have to play out exactly the same..? Other people in your life had alternate choices to make the same way you could have made different choices.. Or are you using the wishful thinking of "things happened this way and its they way things are."? Sooo many philisophical routes with that one.
possible that your subconscious slapped together several differing people into one person to create someone.
it was never meant to deal with the volume it has to deal with
wouldnt be fixing the initial issues it has
but even then fixing it
or... figure out how to completely undo the last 20-30 years of stupidity and fix it.
and collapsing because it cant deal with the amount of people who need it
continue being slowly privatised anyway
well theres either two routes it can take
its basically a campaigning chip for either side at this point.
but the biggest issue is the fact neither labour nor the tories want to actually fix it.
is the only real solution imo
we start over.
which just added more layers of middle management
but even going back before that. labours initiative was to throw money at the problem
yeah
its stupid.
but thats because the NHS has a structure that is so out of date
if we renationalized the NHS as it currently stands itd be dead in under a day.
if youre happy to pay 50-60% tax you get what you pay for really.
theres very few countries that hold their public sectors still and have them be less efficient than those running privatised though. but oh boy the taxation.
yeah was gonna say...
*less efficient*
but whats worse than train fares going up is the cost of parking at an NHS hospital is going up... the NHS gets maybe... 20-30% of the cost. welcome to Britian. where private companies can charge you to see your relative in a publically funded place... because... profits.
wanna take a look at the fare comparison between an Italian rail service and the UK one? the Italian ones a lot cheaper for a lot farther... because the UK price subsidises it basically...
the thing about most of the rail operators in the UK is the fact that they are owned in part/very largely by companies outside of the UK who also run rail services in Italy/Germany etc.
I think the best comparison is the fact its basically a school play ground
lol.
its the fact he said "No I will not cede anymore" about 20 times in a minute.
and had so many interruptions that they spent half the time just saying no to people.
I think it was one where someone was trying to get what they were saying said
"its 40 fucking minutes of "honorable" whatever"
and was like
I once watched a debate or two
its all dribble really.
nahhh
oh god. that one keeps popping up in my youtube recommended or did.,
as usual.
so both sides just as bad.
gomen'ne saki
yay politics.
I hope not lmao
also that title is terrible. which is what made me click it.
mostly the international bit.
I may have gotten what it was about a bit wrong. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XX6ATwQv7Q&t=186s
but anyway, that just kinda tells you how some people view mental health in this country. which imo shouldnt have a gender attachment to it. its important for everyone.
one of those titles that just made me go "this sounds click baity but... at the same time important"
yeah I couldnt tell you what the video was called was  a random youtube click as well.
this was like 2016ish I think and was like not mainstreamed.
this same committee (all the members etc) a couple of years before voted without question that there should be a day to acknowledge women who go through struggles.
because she sat there and basically tried to use womens issues to devalue the fact that a national mens health day is needed... and I couldnt figure out... why thats necessary?
Ill save you a bit of trouble. But basically, the committee that was sitting on the decision had one female member. and her entire attitude was basically "men dont have mental health issues". I was just amazed...
did you see the video a few years ago when they wanted to recognise national mens health day in the UK?
I think as time goes on there are as many arguments on either side of the fence that I agree/disagree with.
so itd just end up where it is now but slightly better off again.
theres been literal years between me and friends having catch ups sometimes
also this^
I know what its like to have an awkward situation like that. I still have one at work.. and I doubt itll change anytime soon. but the things I want to do the most to change things... are starting off with the small things if that makes sense.. build something up again slowly.
ask how shes been, what shes been up to
start with something small
Yeah when it comes to feelings.. If I can write it down it'll probably come out clearer than if I try to explain it most of the time.
Good luck.
I can empathise with ease. But ask me to explain how I feel.
right as I pulled up she was leaving... not that I could say anything anyway without becoming anxious af.
I actually saw the girl Im awkward af with at work when I went to the shop today
the only thing different with this catch up is the fact you want to start off small.
yeah. Ill probably have to pick up SQL or something anyway so at least I know how to code ahah
and my love for coding. well.. the love for coding was more due to me choosing really high skilled things to learn to challenge myself with little to no knowledge.
learning how to make games seriously killed my love for games
probably just IT
probably be grossly underpaid for my age but ah well my own fault.
yeah... Im hoping to make a start on a career this year...
think they're senior now and onto about 22-24k
my friends who were junior games devs were on 17-18k for their first year,
yeah pretty much.
Ahh. Londons a different kettle of fish. Most junior devs get 17-24k.
buh mah development needs.
or less of the VS2017 package...
I could get an IDE that isnt VS2017
and now my internet is bads and its like 15-20GB :/
and realised I uninstalled my IDE for a newer version.. and didnt finish downloading it.
I felt like coding again the other day tbh.
What junior dev is earning Â£32k in the UK pray tell lmao
I massively neglected a friendship due to my assumptions which ended in by far the roughest loss of a friend Ive ever had to deal with and Im still dealing with it. and I still cant stop assuming... which is stopping me from taking a step forward in any direction. if you don't know something... definitely ask. the worst case is you get a "I dont know" type of answer but at least you asked.
trust me...
assuming stuff is bad.
so I mean... either we end up being stuck in the EU in a weakened political position, claw our way back up to what our standing was... and get things changed... orrrr we just straight up walk away from everything (unlikely... but its odd that that has become the cleanest option) getting a deal for us with our current government... is just not going to happen.
but at the same time a lot of europe isn't exactly satisfied with the EU either.
which is fair it is a pretty big shit show even the way it actually operates... but at this point if we stop leaving... our positions greatly weakened meaning we wouldnt be able to try to change whats wrong with it.
it shows that part of the country is dissatisfied with how they think the EU operates
not really.
FPTP really has to be abolished... so we can have actual progress.
idealogy.. we don't have just 3 political parties... or 3 very solid view points either.
people need to stop with the ideal of "its labour or conservative. otherwise libdem"
but it wont happen. we wont have actual proper political parties because our votes arent proportionate.
I kind of want... both the tories and labour to fall to ashes already
well there is that too.
I guess the DUP really want their power don't they.
"yeah well things change" was the response.
"there was a vote 30 something years ago. youre telling me this vote now doesnt over turn that?"
I just said
also, the whole "its undemocratic" thing my dad said that to me and my sisters fiance
the DUP pull support for brexit dissolving the current "government" requiring us to have another general election
I hope like all hell May gets kicked out
also the biggest issue with the wall
but yeah that is an issue
lol
*build a wall*
did you say
there are plenty of jobs in this country. people just arent generally willing to put the effort in to be paid minimum wage etc.
"hey look theres this skilled professional that took my job!"
sure. but what alot of the people who think that do is go
"the migrant took my job" is ridiculous
also the stance of
but thats not the real problem.
personally I take issue with anyone coming here illegally...
so more migrants? hur dur.
they're gonna go "we want visas"
because when we leave and start trading with china/india
also migrants out is dumb
ah yes lets over fish our waters
right gotta go for a walk.. and decide what I wanna eat bleh
and also, anyone who cant vote for themselves still gets a vote. via proxy
I think a lot of people would have had a different opinion.
if all the information we have now had been laid out before us before brexit
and yeah  brexit was a massive shit fest.
possibly for something that seriously effects them.
you know that means someone who is depressed wouldnt be able to vote right?
yes.
but the general populations education is somewhat rising over time..
however you cant cap voting behind education because thats a big barrier.
yeah that is also true
you wouldnt get a say in how things continue after youre gone.
it does sound wrong because it is kind of wrong.. but at the same time its kind of.. correct.. like, when you retire right. you're done with whatever company you owned/were working in.
or rather they shouldnt be impacting other generations lives with their choices.
I mean they kind of dont?
but at the same time.. I dislike taking away peoples abilities to have their voices heard.
because they probably wont see the consequences of their votes...
I quite like the discussion that those over 75 shouldnt have a right to vote.
yup.
staying will also tank our economy btw
but 325 to 306...
I guess.
but then theres no-one else
its more the fact shes not quit.
think shes the first PM to survive by the skin of their teeth twice and still not quit?
May survived again really
yeah we should probably go to general./
its allegedly gonna snow. *I hate snow*
thats a bad thing lmao.
thats a good aim.
oof -30C how the hell. salad, ech never goes well for me.
yeah but idk like.. what to coook. at all. :c
and lul thats so true meta. and kerrik -30 in pretend temps?
ahah I need to figure out what I wanna eat for actual food.... should probably be something healthyish.. but idk how to do that rn.
Im not meant to be eating these things cuz weight loss but dammit.. too good. anyway my walks cancelled due to the weather.
sakusakupanda's are frickin amazing
also these Japanese snacks are too damn good
seems legit Ill sign off on it
seems safe to me.
whats that, giant metal rod in a space station you say?
whoever runs for president and has "Death Star" as a mandate will win.
maybe some AA guns to take down those pesky passenger planes?
and just dont leave after their visa expires.
the fact most migrants come in via plane
good...
one of my friends at work is getting a council flat for Â£70 a week 2 bedroom etc probably nothing massive but hes taking it because its cheap and itll probably do him. if I were to rent a private rent flat in town itd probably be Â£90+ which is ridiculous for the size of flat etc I would get.
Id rather be earning more money down south and paying higher rent for nicer places.
probably 1 bedroom flat if youre lucky with just about a living room/kitchen combo maybe.
middle of nowhere town. or the closest "city" thats barely a city.
400-600 isnt at all good lol.
but for what you get
lol.
shit hole.
NE of scotland
just about without bills etc.
but I started buying my own food so she couldnt complain
Â£70 a week. she wanted Â£100 a week
I pay rent as if I was renting a flat rn
"saves money" must be nice having parents who dont charge you rent.
also Kerrik I still live at home and Im 26. Through some ehhh choices and dropping out of university etc and the area I live in I dont really have much choice. Though I could probably afford to move out and live in this area if push came to shove. Id rather not have to because I dont want to be tied down to a contract of having to stay in the area.
lol. when you dont actually understand what you critique does.
getting drunk... to somewhat pretend your issues dont exist... but... alcohol definitely makes those issues come to the front of your mind. fuck
Thats actually pretty helpful Sparkle. Thanks. Pretty similar situation, but instead of others causing me to lose my friend it was my blindness to my own actions and what they were doing to her that caused it. I need to at least try I've known that for too long... But running away is habit and it's really hard to break that. :/
the sincerity will be hard... but adding on top of that, that Im apologizing for mistakes I made over a year ago.. my head just expects a "not good enough" response.
whys it so hard... to say sorry to someone? D:
;D
thats what a nintendo switch is for kerrik
just because there are worse doesnt excuse these though.
prisoners get more time to play video games.
but 1 hour a day 3 days a week is... ridiculous.
Id understand a 4 hour limitation.
if they had no way of knowing then they made shit rules
even if they were suicidal and required constant monitoring thats not the way youd do it.
I cant think of any real reason as to put a camera in your kids room
at what point does an invasion of privacy stop being a parents right... and start being breaking the Geneva convention? lol.
likeee you have no trust in your kids ability to follow what you tell them to do? oh great. thats healthy.
all this type of thing really does is cause trust issues..
the entire point of the rules imo are the fact that they dont trust their parenting to work.
You're telling me. People have been telling me for the year or so that I just have to stop caring and go forward and I didn't know how I could do that until I tried. Tis not my fault she saw things the way she did. And tis not my fault shes acting this way with me. :)
I'm no longer worried about apologising. If that's her attitude. Then that's life. Beyond time I turned the drill further forward and evolved a little bit more.
And asked the person who was my friend but we had a misunderstanding however long ago if we could talk. She said "no fuck off". But.. At least I did it.
So, today I did something that I'd chalked up to be impossible in my mind.
Probably don't want one with antibiotic resistant bugs about.
*attempts* you've actively tried to get one of the most annoying wounds to heal?
in two years time it might not be a no deal.
currently the outcome is a no deal
because the EU arent a bunch of dicks entirely.
they knew in 2017
the EU straight up knows that currently a no deal is the most likely outcome
and yeah it was a disgrace.
because thats the best way of actually getting a deal at the end of it
the EU will want a longer extension
7 years everyone said to make a deal to leave
thats short.
thats not long
long brexit deadline please... none of this short bollocks.
thats it. she just wants to be immortalized as that.
all she wants to do is go down in history as the PM that made brexit a thing
her party is barely behind her and that says it all really.
any rational PM would have stepped down after almost losing two votes of no confidences. constantly losing their big sells as well.
she doesnt deserve to be PM.
well she can die then.
who said anything about our current government
not really.
if the slow person was driving not slow?
yeah but the reckless driving wouldnt have happened
caused by people driving too slowly.
Im just saying that a lot of crashes happen due to impatience.
yeah Im not denying that.
le crash.
get some idiot whose impatient and decides to over take on the blind bend
get some idiot driving 30 when its dry. its a 60 limit.
get a blind bend
so one lot of traffic goes one way one lane that way etc
alot of the roads in the UK are single type deal
its not avoiding the driver right
want to take a look at the accident stats for the autobahn for example?
and they do something risky.
they only become a danger when people drive below the limit
no they really arent
you're a danger to other people.
if you want to drive at such a slow speed. dont drive.
but not on nice open dry stretches of road
and there are cases where driving below it is required.
sure.
thats why its the limit.
the limit is safe driving.
its really not safe driving.
they're adding laws to stop people doing it.
in dry conditions on straight roads.
10mph is way under
sure
driving in a 60mph at 50mph etc
not at the limit :p
no I said below the limit
gg
someone gets impatient does something risky
because they're driving below the limit.
than me going 10 over.
but those idiots going below the speed limit are the bigger danger
I understand not wanting to speed in dangerous situations
also driving in neutral is no thanks. you're adding more wear to your synchros for no reason.
meanwhile... I regularly speed.
yes. but doing ridiculously below that is not safe.
as mandated by the governing body.
because the maximum speed limit *is a safe speed*
but for different reasons.
I mean they are also idiots.
than not.
better to assume everyones an idiot and is likely to cause an accident
are idiots anyway
but most people on UK roads
within reason.
thats not.
if they should be capable of driving within 10mph of the actual speed limit but arent
thats acceptable.
if there was a mandated minimum speed limit and they were driving at that speed limit
if we did I wouldnt call them idiots.
we dont yet have minimums
still a hazard.
if you also cause other drivers to slow down/change direction
thats what you're taught in the UK./
if you slow down/change direction due to other drivers. you're a hazard.
slowing down in a similar situation is also dangerous.
someone I know at works ex wife cant drive because she closes her eyes every time a lorry comes towards her
you take public transport.
70 is only overtaking though really.
thats exactly how you are taught.
dont drive.
if you dont need a reason to go slow
yes you really do.
but you'd be apart of the cause
yes it is.
you're an obstacle. theres no reason for you to be doing that speed.
because its likely someone reckless is going to get impatient and do something stupid
and you're driving at 30mph you're a hazard.
if its sunny, dry and straight road
thats acceptable to me
then please do 10mph in a 60mph
you can do any reasonable speed depending on the conditions. if its literally flooding
not soon enough. but soon.
they are adding in laws for it soon.
in perfect conditions
or 30 in a 60.
yeah Rakhi
Im explaining that that is what people do
Im not excusing that behaviour./
thats really not what Im saying saki.
aka more than 1 lane going most places.
got better road infastructure than the UK :p
they wouldnt add in laws about it
you're just spoiled with your road infastructure.
ooft not bad though
:/
plus if you do it before your passport expires there wont be an interview or anything.
ah plenty of time then
oh noes. how far away is it? got time to not have to request a faster passport?
mah driving ðŸ˜¢
self driving cars. no plez
impairment is a different ball game.
the latter atleast.
thats what hazard lights are for
like *alot*
because they tend to also swerve alot
also usually when I come across people driving slowly like that it worries me
^
because idiot A got impatient behind idiot B (who may have had a reason for driving slow or may not)
all 3 are now crashed
or idiot C eithers applicable.
idiot A gets impatient over takes without properly looking hits not idiot C head on
idiot A follows idiot B for a while
idiot A is a bit impatient but slows down to not crash right this second
idiot A comes upon idiot B driving at 30 in a 60
or rather lets do this
yeah you slow down
and themselves killed. simple.
and get the person driving slow, some other person coming the other way
because some idiot is going to come along and do something stupid
organised crimes acceptable okay. its *organised*
lmao
"oh but I dont mean you"
to my brothers fiancee followed up by
"immigrants taking our jobs"
and he spews the rhetoric of
I think the best thing is the fact my brothers fiancee is romanian
fix the youth that are broken due to his generation being fucky.
meanwhile in countries like finland etc I believe you can be called for national service regardless of your age to a certain point so long as you meet the criteria of fitness?
so he's willing to have things implemented to effect the younger generations but wouldn't be willing to do it himself.
when I asked him if he would do it I got a "Im too old now"
got told by someone who is 40 something that national service would be a good idea
my family in the southwest voted to leave... christmas was an interesting time.
I dont think you can really say there is an average leave voter
tbh it wouldnt surprise me if most brexit voters also voted against proportional representation years ago because it was "too hard to understand" or "too expensive to change things". Imagine having a PR government currently.. The tories would have something like 1/4 of their current seats..
they quote it as being "democracy" but don't want any more democratic process for either their views or the views of others.
"we voted to leave" yes mate, 52% of a 72% turn out voted to leave. Your will is being listened to. You can't just subjugate 48% who voted differently to you, or the 28% who didnt vote as well as the rest of the none voting populous to the exact way *you* want to leave.
I think the funniest thing that leave voters say is
its a mockery. just everything is a failure. if I had voted leave Id be pretty pissed. I voted remain and Im pissed that they can't even leave properly. Throw in the fact that the 52%~ of people who voted leave didnt all want to leave the same way.. Its no surprise..
so we already *have* extra money that should go to the NHS as it was anyway. Also the best thing about Brexit is the fact its showing our government parties are incompetent on both sides. As well as the fact *literally* everyone told May to wait to get deals BEFORE enacting article 50 and that it would take 7 years just to get deals.. But she wanted 2... Did all of the stuff she needed to do in the 2 years 30-60 fucking days before exit date instead of like.. the 2 years ago.
the biggest thing is the fact that the "350 million" going to the NHS is paltry when compared to the literally  *billions* of free trade we get a year.
the remain side wasnt much better though to be fair.
by the time the current generation of upcoming politicians have a majority we'll have the same issue as now probably.
I saw a video yesterday of an conservative MP saying "the second referendum is defeated woo!" in effect due to the indicative votes that they had... The referendum offered would be "do you want this deal yes/no" to the people of the country... so an MP literally said "thank fuck we're not letting people decide how they get to live post brexit".
also she held that general election for *no fucking reason* if shes now willing to leave for the next phase.
I really hope this is the end of the tory party...
It's the perfect level of satire.
If you've not seen him. You should.
Lol. Johnathon Pie has been one of my favourite things over the last two years... Some of the stuff he does on brexit is top tier.
anyway back in a bit gotta go buy food and stuff
"ah I see you're from wessux, back you go sonny boy!"
"ah yes youre 1/20000000th cumbrian. off you fuck"
to dictate where you should be living.
and use the old fucking kingdoms
then Ill go get a map
if you want to get technical about it
THERES NO SUCH A THING AS A PURE BLOOD BRIT
roman, saxon, french, germanic, noridc etc etc
mate youre like fucking
"this is our country get out"
I hate that
*upside down smiley face*
must have to be pretty internet sheltered to not know about it.
if you stoop so low as to insult anyone for who they are. you're an asshat more like.
welcome to the world of saying what you like with no real consequences via the internet.
I think Nick Boles quitting the tory party might actually be a strong enough statement to other MPs who feel similarly.
May: NO NO TIME! NOW WE GO NOW! (proceeds to bury head in sand for 2 years)
Also Britian: Can we have some time to think about how we want to leave?
for people who cry about a majority all the time they are quite happy to just disregard that the majority of people *aren't* them.
it might just be we leave a way that the majority wants. ya know, like the democracy they cry about all the time.
I think the best thing about people like that is the fact we *are* going to leave
the fact she refused to cooperate with other parties until the last minute so she could blame them for not accepting what she wanted as well as the fact she refuses to actually hold a vote on if the people of the nation she is governing want the deal or not says it all.
she dug her hole. she can now live with it.
I stopped feeling sorry for her a long time ago
seeing as minimum wage doesnt even currently consist of being able to live in a big majority of the world. not increasing its whats currently causing a lot of issues. It just has to be increased in the correct way which is exceptionally hard to do.
increasing it for the sake of it would cause things to go up in price though.
isnt that increase in minimum wage mostly due to inflation? its not just been hyked up by a few CAD for the sake of it has it?
the politician I vote for gets in. then does what they said they wouldnt do.
I use to vote. but whats the point.
not really.
fuck them all.
my views on politics:
no clue. a female fit better in my head than a woman for some reason.
shirt made by a female.. for a friend. he obviously liked it ALOT to wear it to something really important not just to him but to a lot of other people.. but yeah. sexist.
https://www.theverge.com/2014/11/13/7213819/your-bowling-shirt-is-holding-back-progress dis.
it was a really long project too.. Like I cant imagine ever working on a project for a long time. getting the result you were looking for... to then have people venomously attack you because they can't deal with who you are...
reminds me of that guy that landed uhh what was it on that meteor... and some people felt his shirt was too nsfw.. and so they literally made him apologize *for a fucking shirt*. Like.. C'mon really. Does it really matter what someone wears... Or what gender they are. Its fucking science.... WE NEED IT TO HAPPEN FOR PROGRESS. The more people doing it. The better.
No the tories are dying. They were power grabbing with brexit really.
That's the only good thing about it.
The real primary reason for brexit was a power grab.
you mean the media has portrayed the primary reason for voting to leave as immigration
and yet when brexit actually started forming these people didnt want those "racist" policies and told their MPs such..
but anyway I need to go and eat.
"thats just supporting the status quo"
uh..
does it though? they had no choice in how that campaign was being ran.
not vote?
so what do they do?
but they still wanted to leave.
*alot* of people who voted leave didn't agree with the way the leave campaign was sold.
surprisingly.
people can be right wing and not vote for trump
who said all their views are bigoted.
its what causes people to be alienated from sharing their views and pushes them towards extreme sides of the scale
its childish as fuck.
you can't be that without being this.
you're either this or this.
not really but its the extremes that you have
if youre left wing you're a communist.
ah yes.
America has trump because if you're "right wing" you must be a racist.
its why America has trump too.
is what got us into this fucking mess.
just so you know I voted remain. but closing out peoples *legitimate* views and calling them racist
to support our economy?
is that why all of our industry has moved to EU states
is that why we are a service country now?
"vast majority"
but those deals weren't there at the time.
which would be true if the EU hadnt just gained a bunch of trade deals with countries these people want to be trading with.
some people feel being in a closed market and being unable to trade with the rest of the world is a hindrance to our economy
uhh there are plenty of reasons to vote leave besides racism.
the other 90% have to be tarred with the same brush?
so because like 10% of the voters voted for racist reasons
just because the loudest people are racist doesnt mean everyone who voted leave is.
"oh you voted leave you must be racist" closes out legitimate leave voters.
brexit isnt about racism. doing that is stupid.
the side that won the vote albeit they didnt all vote for the same thing. are getting screwed left right and center.
I mean brexits a prime example of why bother to vote.
attempt to sign into Playstation network.. incorrect password... attempt to reset password... security questions incorrect... use DoB instead. Also incorrect. Apparently I don't know where I was born or when.
wuts a TV
a tap on the shoulder to get someones attention though isn't bad.
I wouldnt randomly hug someone.
I mean, boundaries exist.
its interesting that fake accusations are what caused things to happen incomparison to.. like actual accusations that were happening for years.
pretty much
there have been wars in this world since the dawn of man. but its *video games* fault violence exists?
Im sorry wut
I always find it funny when people go "blame video games for violence"
you can't avoid it. bad news sells. so anything that can be negative will be blown up to the highest degree.
lets be real, one of the biggest evils in the world is media representation.
misinformation is always going to be a thing.
the world would be a much better place without Misogyny/Misandry.
I think the issue here is the *false* accusations and not the legitimate ones Illi
yeah that was just a general statement.
just going to say, that false accusations generally cause legitimate accusations to be much harder to prove.
theres *alot* of things not in that because King James didnt like it.
like the most common King James' bible is actually tiny in comparison to what it could be.
its most likely due to the fact it either contradicts everything that is taught or itd be really hard to teach it along the other things
but taming dragons doesnt coincide with the guys in charges views of how the religion should work. so redacted!
just remember, all Abrahamic religions come from the same source. some tatty old scrolls in some cave somewhere written by guys whose like 8th or 9th hand info was the foundation of a cherry picked book in the end. Like, did you know toddler Jesus allegedly tamed *dragons*.
the thing is I dont think unionizing will do anything
"agreed" sounds like "do it or lose your job"
so, get your sleeping bags, say goodbye to your families and get this game early access ready in 3 days.
I heard you guys like to crunch
can't even feed everyone currently.. because reasons. D:
one of my favourite things about Churchill was that he wanted the country to be able to feed itself in the event of another war.
the UK already has all of that. but due to our absolutely *perfect* governing body they are failing.
but it will be required eventually. theres no getting out of it.
universal basic income would require such a drastic social change.
"oh you want more socialistic structures? nah cant do that the country will implode. but we can totally afford the war effort"
I think the biggest success of capitalism is the absolute smear campaign on alternatives.
*but its the perfect not at all flawed system and there are no alternatives*
yup. but thats just how capitalism works unfortunately.
comparitvely a VA does a lot less work.
VAs get way over paid
devs get paid *alot*
of successful can afford to hire studios theres not really enough.
yup.
yeah but making games isnt solely development
I should really look at freelancing again...
and things like that. like you need to be churning out content like no tomorrow *somehow*
I mean not really. but like.. to be AAA level games and compete with indy devs who have way less over heads
the demand part now massively out weighs the supply level
its entirely down to supply and demand
like they ported goat simulator and made the game called switchblade etc.
the company had 20-30 people when they joined.. it now has almost 100 I think.
like, my friends started at the company they are at. that company existed for 10ish years before they joined
I mean if you work for one on the up and up
yup.
so it'd be AAA studios somewhere along the line.. and I honestly doubt I could deal with the stress.
Id of had to of QA'd because I didnt get my Bsc. Then work my way into programming
aside from some very lucky friends that got jobs off the bat in a local to them indie studio so no crunch
Im kind of glad I never got into the industry in the end
"oh you dont want to work? well theres umpteen more people chomping at the bit that will!"
how can a child not meet the definition of being a child?
hm thats what I was thinking. seems stupid regardless. there are probably *alot* of citizens who were born out of actual wedlock in different countries but have citizenship anyway.
just got to the end of the article.. so its to do with the ART etc being counted as "out of wedlock" and not actually going "you're not married".. which just seems dumb.. does it also count for straight couples who do the same thing I wonder? Surely it would?
hows that going to work, just casually revoking millions of citizens..?
to make that fair. no child out of wedlock would be a citizen
wait
instead of "all the profits belong to me, pay my taxes? nah loop hole!"
like, the healthier your work force and better looked after/taken care of they are the better job they theoretically do.. so its like.. why would you not want all your workers to reap as much benefits as they can so you can do well?
yeah. I think the funniest thing about that is the better the bottom line is the more the top benefits
I know the UKs one is it has to be above 200k or so in property/materialistic value I think.
I know it is in the UK.
isnt inheritance based tax *above* a certain thresh hold?
but then I guess theyd just say they made no money ever.
tbh imagine all the good that could be done for state funded things if every time some rich person dies their fortune goes into the tax pot entirely instead of staying in their family.
wouldnt it be nice if there wasnt such a thing as inheriting money.. or just money.
that makes more sense then the sentence did without the context.
ah I see it had an actual definition
anyone can be in politics here. I could literally go and start a political party in my area with very little funding. But my chances of gaining any traction are close to 0.
the thing is that most of those people either dont have children or have children and are very well off so can afford to pay for their education.
like, you got it for free.. you didnt have to have some debt looming over you.. but you think it makes sense to have a debt that never gets paid because the younger generation should "work hard" too? wut
university was *free* before. those who had it for free think its fine for the current generation to pay for it
its even better in the UK
there are white nationalists in a lot of western governments that are really obvious/dont try to hide it.
like, the laws etc that are slowly being added to protect people from hate are also going to work the other way remember.
I mean this is just the start.
its kind of scary that my grandfather fought in a world war to get us rid of the nazi's... and 70 years later we're back to a resurgence of them.. the statement of history repeating itself rings far too true for my liking.
got a big enough trebuchet?
idiots.. thats just the far right in this country.
ya
okay he said the opposite at one point, however even the wording of that is pretty bad if you ask me.. because it makes it look like he would be willing to rape someone else https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2019/may/07/police-investigating-ukip-candidate-youtube-carl-benjamin-jess-phillips-comments "I wouldn't even rape you." and added "with enough pressure I might cave".
uh lemme see
one of UKIPs members did.
I can accept someone being right wing to a degree. But being racist and hateful and literally saying you'd *rape* your competition if you could... Kind of forfeits your right of being seen as a person.
Im not sure I would call them people.
or just buy milkshake in tesco/sainsburys instead. not as thick sure.. but it would have a better splatter.
*watches sales of any food produce in a local tesco express/Sainsburys increase*
oh no... now where are people going to buy their milkshakes to throw at farage...
I think Russia would also have to fall for that.
itll crash and something else will take its place.
well we are all aware of the fact that eventually civilisations come crashing down.
a UKIP rise up would be more likely but we already saw how that went.
they also have a very very small percentage of backing to begin with.
they have nowhere to rise to.
a bunch of toffs cant rise up
true Alice I suppose.
could end up with bad enough civil unrest that it would basically be fleeing from a war zone.
true I suppose.
are they though? there are people who have no money that literally move from the middle east to the UK with no money.
it depends on where you want to move. you can get very far with very little if you sacrifice everything.
I cant wait until brexit happens, the economy collapes. the youthful generation have no money but go "fuck it, nothing to lose may as well move somewhere more prosperous" and all leave to literally anywhere but here.
expensive dinners equate to money.
"*this thing* makes the money totally not a bribe"
"heres  some money because I want *this thing*"
lobbying is just bribing with an interest attached :p
the funniest thing is the fact that they wouldnt even be in power right now if it wasnt due to a massive obvious bribe to the DUP.
thats how it is here with the conservatives.
too true.
I mean, you *need* a way to make economy to back socialism. thats a given
like a workers value to a company can be anywhere from 5x what they get paid to a lot more.
or lets look at the fact that in general you are *never* paid your actual value to the company.
I think the best bit about the argument of "socialism doesnt work" is the fact that people don't realise just HOW MUCH money big corporations avoid paying in comparison to the actual working tax base.
we shouldnt have a 2 party system but we do because first past the post exists.
but the UKs system is really similar.
Im not american.
you either fund them yourself or fund through party contributions
I dont think "at least we finally know whats wrong with you" can be a playful jab...
yep thats correct.
thats extremely true.
which I know is an oxymoron.
because their politicians aren't idiots.
which has just made it an even safer place.
yeah pretty much.
NZ though, they're doing... alright currently?
I think their current parliamentary elections almost ended in a hung situation too.
they have it about as good as we do currently.
oh its really really bad.
:/
have you seen how fucked Aus is Scrmz :.
because inherently any country that speaks English has had involvement with England
there isnt one.
try again and do the same thing. its pretty much the way history goes.
you learn, grow, make the same mistakes in new ways
as soon as there is a human element involved the system is inherently flawed.
theres no way to perfect any system
I always knew the romans were protecting themselves from dairy projectiles too.
unless Farage presses charges.
also it would just be the local jail he would be in. released the next day probably.
prisons in the UK have a high majority of white prisoners.
I still like the fact people are buying into his brexit party bullshit. he's had what 2-3 years to do something about the fact brexits been going not the way he wants. waits until the last minute to actually bother to do something. 100% going to then disappear again if his party win the MEP seats
whats next, tipping the tea in the harbour?
I mean throwing food stuff is technically assault. tar and featherings a bit old fashioned these days.
can't wait till someone throws a whole wheel of cheese.
Throw milk products at the fascists*
I knew that was going to happen. like... cmon... banning one place from selling products just means people go elsewhere. derp
fear of milkshakes.. if I was in his position Id just one up those who would milkshake me and go everywhere pre milkshaked.
"We can't have bad people if we have *no people left*"
Nara first day of office
Nara please this is 2019 not *2090*
ooft
that arguments the worst. "its a living thing!" whilst they happily kill cattle/poultry etc. Happily deforest and destroy the world...
if all you care about is the baby being carried to term *and not what happens to it afterwards* something is wrong with you
all pro life arguments make no sense.
also using "real men" in that way is really kinda sad.
Im insulted someone with my likeness is being used in such a way
like I dont mind a high tax rate. BUT GOD DAMN give me the services Im paying for for fuck sake.
with no real return on all the tax I paid getting that 100GBP.
for every 100GBP I make, I get something like 20GBP in actual value.
lets see if I remember this right
I wouldnt mind it. seeing as currently I pay uhm
"do you want a tax system where you're paying half of what you earn?"
I always like when people say
what dya mean food banks are a thing? even Miss May scrapes mould off her jam!
and the cycle continues..
with some very small tax pay off because reasons.
I mean, then their child/grandchildren inherit everything
old white men are the plague of everyone
I mean, any country with a strong middle class base and a low divide between the middle class and lower classes has a strong economy
the capitalistic nature of the west basically makes it that way.
unfortunately there is no way to get rid of the class system.
*wait a minute*
YES I SHALL EAT CAKE
the whole class system structure sucks dick
as well as becoming middle class I guess.
and the lower class fueled by the fear of becoming nothing.
luxury cars are over rated. killed the sports cars ðŸ˜¢
Id rather a good bicycle than a merc.
dammit yumi
it all suddenly makes sense.
true.
it only buys you the illusion of it. :p
its true, money can't buy you happiness.
lol
evading taxes etc to then pay back in "charity" so they looked good.
I liked that historian that told all the rich that they are the issue.
how else do they plan to make money.
thats also true.
I'll be glad once the UK has a living wage rate across the country and not just london. not that its a fantastic difference.. but the fact it actually hits a minimum level of pay for what you can reasonably live for type deal.
you didnt include hot water in there. suppose thats a luxury you can cut out.
like, there are things you need to have realistically to function as a person.
I mean theres minimal luxuries
theres a reason living wages are slowly becoming the norm.
sure minimum wage jobs aren't meant to be anything glorious. but even without those things the fact they don't actually support a life style... is ridiculous.
entertainment of any level is only for the rich? having some form of enjoyment, only for the rich? eating out (something that most people on minimum wage probably don't do anyway) only for the rich? how bullshit is that.
wait so
there*
thats some next level malicious bullshit right hter
ahah maybe.
which just adds even more questions really.
lol. he's also apparently a big supporter of the Iron Lady...
and I have no idea how a young person can be so deceived...
one of my friends at work has a friend who is a huge conservative supporter/may lover
thats probably because thats how she operates kerrik
I actually didnt bother to go and vote. mostly because I slept all day.. had to miss a day of work due to a stupid stomach bug.
Im sad that Farage didnt get milkshaked when he went to vote
so basically, you have one set the tax man sees. and another set you use for all of your tax dodging needs.
one set of books for *dodgy dealings*
one set of books for official things
double book keeping the country lets go.
the tories do that anyway :p
because Labours ideals are *fictional at best* allegedly.
basically its a way of telling people that money doesnt magic itself into existence.
increasing nurses wages, adding funding to the NHS in general, free universities etc.
the magic money tree is what the conservatives call any plan put forward by Labour to better public spending
thats the one Rakhi arigatou
public sector health care isnt. private sector is.
like, if there was actual investment in the NHS and real pay etc youd have the staff to fill places.
oh yeah but can you blame people for not wanting to work in a stressed out under staffed thing?
and I have to pick whats the most important out of my worries.
within that 10 minutes I have to say whats up physically and maybe mentally.
like if I go to a GP I get a 10 minute appointment. that appointment probably took 4 weeks waiting time too.
theres 1.4 million NHS workers in england theres 55.62 million people living there.
"If it ain't broke, cut it so it is."
and it still tries to work the same way.
before technology booms.
so before post war population booms.
it was founded in 1948...
the issue with the NHS is the fact the infastructure hasnt been scaled up since it was made.
totaling a few billion all together. but that few billion doesnt exist according to the government. theres no way that few billion could be spent on public health etc.
and it had listed the DUP pay off and shit like that
lol. I saw a thing the other day about the tories magic money tree
because fuck knows where else it goes. it definitely isnt being used for the publics interest.
and the rest gets added to a big pot of money that the government then shoves up their asses
some how, a very very small % of that gets spent on the roads
with like enough left over to also build good roads in france and a couple of other countries.
we pay enough money in vehicle excise duty to have the best roads in europe.
well lets take vehicle excise duty as an example
theres also the "look Ive totally changed" to some people whilst maintaining behaviour towards other.
people can change. its just generally the people that are willing to actually try are rare.
I have no sympathy for May. Why should I? She's done a shit job of everything. Oh no she cried as she steps down. What a shame. Guess her dancing is just bad and she's not actually a robot.
mans 100% right
D: Sketch gotta eat though. you're off to MCM tomorrow aren't you? gonna need that energy!
o.O
wut even.
the fact it tries to be an actual governing body whilst mostly being about trade is like..
like if it was an actual governing body then great.
its half of what it wanted to be and half not.
I mean the EU is extremely flawed and an absolute shit show.
how could they do that? without the EUs express permission.
I mean, that just doesnt happen right?
like the fact a couple of EU countries have legalised marijuana all by themselves...
I think the funniest thing is the fact that when you *look* at what other countries put into law etc that aren't following the EU laws... its like "what do you mean we dont have sovereignty? why did X country just do this all by themselves then?"
we use to trade loads with NZ and such. Dropped all that for the EU. reckon NZ are going to let us start trading with them again easily? probably not.
the people that want us to go back to like the 1960s are oblivious to the fact that we can't just make trade deals over night
there are many people in the UK that have built their lives around trading with European countries.
the thing is that Im quite happy to leave. so long as I get a say in how its done. like, Im sure if the vote had gone remain, those who voted leave would want a say in how things were going because that was their main issue anyway.
I think the worst thing in this, is that to those first people those who voted remain *shouldn't* have a view/opinion on how we leave because they didn't want to leave.
to other people (the probable actual majority) they still want to be able to trade with the EU etc.
to some people it means out of the EU no matter what who cares about trade deals we will survive.
people have never known what brexit means
Id like to put that down to people being idiots again. Because honestly how can you vote for a party that is *barely a fucking party* it stands for nothing other than "brexit".  And even then it's not going to be the brexit that everyone wants either.
with holding or physical violence.
I mean anything is abuse.
it was my younger brother whom was violent towards me all the time.
its funny seeing as I was never violent *and* my parents used a slap to discipline me.
you'd have to be a single child to think otherwise.
kids are violent regardless of their parents.
with holding something someone enjoys to keep them inline.
wouldn't you say thats also abusive?
I presume you were brought up with a "if you don't behave you can't do this" type thing?
yeah I mean thats too far.. in my opinion from my experience of being punished physically say one slap for misbehaving. I learnt what behaviour is and isn't acceptable... which quickly put a stop to any "unwanted" behaviour. beyond one slap I would agree would be a beating. I was never bruised nor seriously injured from it... it got the point across well and I can't say being sent to my room or such when I was younger had anywhere near the same effect.
as in *physically beating* or a tap on the wrist to say stop them picking up a dangerous object?
what do you count as child abuse out of curiosity?
but then that information at the time its added would be completely new to those who are using it Solo :p
so things that are lost are just completely forgotten. eventually you'd hit a point where all of the things available would be becoming completely new as time goes on if that makes sense.
I wonder if this could eventually lead to a scenario where by human knowledge is only the extent of what is available on the internet.
whats it called
don't they go to uh
would probably be the same level of losing the library in Alexandria
and then they suddenly aren't.. because of some failure or some such. just gone.
yeah that makes sense. the internet really aids a possible loss of history. like, imagine if all of our copies of extremely rare books go poof but they're on the internet.
like someone may have a screenshot etc etc.
was more a statement of the fact that if it has been on the internet, even if you ask for it to not be there with your right to be forgotten it is likely it'll still be *somewhere* you just might not be aware of it.
maybe I should've paragraphed the last part instead.
like.. the last part isn't related to the IMDb bit.
I mean thats what I said though?
when was the last time there was an attack of that magnitude in Japan though? Also insofar as the deadnaming on IMDb if you've had a previous career as Melua said... it's kind of going to be mentioned? Can understand if your career didn't start until after your transition though. But also its the internet.. even with the right to be forgotten something somewhere is always going to exist.
someones gotta do it
keep killing American Egos Kerrik.
too true. my friend was saying about the Chernobyl docudrama and how the older generation of russians are calling it propoganda etc.
*we won the war so we write history*
"Seventy-five years after liberating Europe from Nazi Germany occupation, the United States is again delivering a form of freedom to the European continent,â€ the energy secretary said earlier this month, according to EURACTV." scuse me, but as far as I'm aware the US *didn't want to be involved* and then only showed up at the last second almost causing more damage than good. how can that actually be a real quote...
just wait one fucking second
wait
that should be reserved for nuclear particles.
*freedom molecules* are you shitting me
ones just mental the others physical but I understand if you don't want to discuss further.
sure and pretty equal until you realise
and most of that is advertising costs and not actual production budget.
and have to pay out over time to meet ridiculous deadlines.
its only a lot higher because they work everyone to tighter schedules
I could *maybe* afford a whole 1 game more a month at best.
over the uh 8~ years Ive worked where I am, my pays gone from Â£7.20 an hour to Â£8.56~ (admittedly the Â£7.20 was without the classification of higher wages within the job)
inflations what 6% my pay increase this year was 2% something.
does it not? I mean, my pay goes up under inflation
I remember paying 30-40GBP for a brand new release. Now its 49-59GBP
like thats just for the base game.
back in the day it was Â£40 for a game. Now its something like Â£50-60.
but games pricing has changed though.
without lootboxes how will they extort millions of people for money.
oh no.
is freedom of speech really freedom of speech though?
I think they pretty much cut out maths/physics for games to get the course down to as little actual teaching material/time as possible. whilst getting the most money from students.
tis so bad for Universities in England. The year I was leaving the course I did was being cut down to a minimal effect type deal. Basically "heres what you need to know to use X software. physics? dont need it. maths, nah."
more capitalism at work. care about the product you bought, not those who made it.
yeah quite glad I ended up not getting into that side of things. I dont think any of my uni friends went to any AAA studios.
ah yeah respawn they renamed themselves didnt they.
it still does.
yeah now its treyarch IW and sledgehammer (who are like half of original IW)
and it wasnt always alternating years.
it was 2.
nah it didnt use to be three different studios taking turns though
like CoD firing out a game every year was ridiculous.
look at the years of development some games had prior to the AAA culture we have now and its insane.
sure, big budget games are fine. but you look at team sizes on AAA titles now vs 20 years ago.
its no longer a good way of doing things.
the AAA games medium just needs to die out.
oh yeah sure.
or rather working its way up to 6% would be more accurate.
also thats a 19% increase over 8 years whilst inflation each year was something like 6% or so.
so when you say people on an "average" wage can afford more. In reality it's probably still around the same.
bills too.
and housing costs
the price of fuel and food has gone up
so what runs great on the newest flagship won't do so well on something 5 years old
the biggest issue with newer android versions is the fact the market is so fragmented technology wise
Apple currently already do that though
that seems doubtful
cameras broken and the headphone jack AND the charging port
which is shit.
:/ my S7 has been the first phone to break for me within the first yearish of ownership
rip. and yeah basically phones became "minimalistic" so they could make more money out of you.
though that kind of comes down to the whole, what offends people on a personal level type deal... which I still think Stephen Fry says it best when it comes to that.
but well now adays its uh.. a lot stricter shall we say.
its kind of similar to the US' I think.
nah. more like the whole twitter arrests thing in the UK. like, some of it yeah fair enough. but not all of them were justified.
but... they can...
"government can't arrest you for what you say"
well rip the UK.
thats a lot of tax payers money being privatised
would rather trade witth asia and have the nhs then say goodbye to it
no trade deals with murica plez
trump says NHS must be an option for trade deals with uk post brexit... nooooo thank you.
like seeds... and grains and stuff make up inches etc
like.. *everything we use to measure* is fucking made up. also having an ehhh kinda day bought junk food and feeling crappy.. might need to break out something light hearted.
the imperial system is *entirely* made up on the basis of fucking lengths of grain and shit.
das not good.
that seems sketchy.
thought they usually take it before it ships?
reuse of work should 100% be credited.
~~sounds like something Konami would use~~
all I ask is for mod consistency.
one rule for one person one rule for another.
lmao.
can you not say what I was doing thanks.
was I? sorry saki you didnt say what I typed
some people just form sentences that way in their head it makes the most sense.
but Im not going to argue the case.
not really.
alright. I wasnt really handwaving
that was correct useage of a past tense word in the wrong place.
"But something in there definitely made that bot triggered" "But something definitely triggered a piece of the bots code"
jesus.
no but I speak english and its pretty easy to see that its in the wrong place.
lmao.
its just useage of the past tense of the word trigger in the wrong place.
I mean something triggered the bots code... so using it there makes sense the sentence is just formed badly.
Well, I'm probably never going to stop being amazed. The internet is a wonderful thing.
and even then those who are less loyal are likely to go "well why should we?" *coughs* murica *coughs*
you stretch so far eventually you dont have enough loyal followers to keep control over your territories.
its the issue with most empires tbh.
it stopped because really it was unviable to have that much territory
yeah exactly. nobody has ever taken the UK.
though to be honest, Id like to see a day where everyones equal and we are just *proud* of being people.
its hard to have an independence day when no-one has ever been your oppressors.
that just makes it even more in your favour tbh
Id just argue the point that it was a preorder, the release dates no where near so they shouldn't have taken money.
you were just preordering it right?
should refund within 2 weeks though at worst case.
you need that money for EVO right?
it'll be fine.
ooft
you'll be surprised what you retain after that.
if its a textbook, take notes until you can't. then take those notes and make key phrases with as few words as possible.
or directly from a textbook?
are you revising from notes?
which is the hard part because that can make you more stressed.
just *something* to distract your brain from the stress.
not all day no. just for like 20-30 minutes or an hour
you need something that'll take your mind off of everything entirely. some how
trying to force it won't help either.
yeah. exactly you're too stressed.
being stressed and revising gets you nowhere.
this is going to sound stupid but what you really need to do for an hour or so. is nothing.
also remember that theres college that you can go to, to increase your grades.
those are the only two things most jobs will require a decent level in.
aside from maths and english
like the exams I took in highschool... are completely and utterly useless to me now
but they really arent the end of the world
I hated taking my exams when I was younger
like, some people take other choice universities which leaves them with open spaces.
but they may have clearing themselves.
yeah obviously.
also remember that clearings a thing.
it'll likely have a lower requirement than the BSc
so look at the grades required for the HND course as well.
yeah so its likely that the first 2 years you'd gain your HND and then take the BSc anyway
and any BSc or such will have a HND course first.
your BSc is entirely 3rd year level.
its a 2 year course that you do before you do BSc
Higher national diploma
because it likely does.
I mean, does the course have a HND equivalent first.
with a 1 year HND first?
are those grades going into a BSc or such?
the entire point of christianity is to make you objectively *not* perfect in some way so you can become better.
there has never been a perfect christian.
oh noes. D:
<@!188714906143424513> well that blows! but Im glad your Moms going to help you out with a bit out of your savings. I know how much you've been anticipating EVO woulda sucked if a preorder you didnt expect to come out royally screwed you.
female characters just have better armour choices.
thats a serious lack of respect yes?
and continue to do it.
and Id just ignore you.
like what if I refused to call you by your preferred pronoun? would you find that acceptable?
we best not throw in the really complicated chromosome types. where things get super screwy.
gender is different to biological sex.
they're human beings. would still make them human wouldn't it.
you can refer to singular people as "they are" lmao.
and they wouldn't be standing out of a crowd... because they are *still people*
but its not just one person....
how would it not be.
they or them is still human..
their genitalia is either one or another (or possibly even both). but genitalia really does not correlate to gender.
you can't have it both ways.
whilst saying you acknowledge they exist
you're completely going "these people don't exist because there are only 2 genders"
like really small, uneducated circles.
I feel like we are going round in circles.
what rule exactly?
not gender.
that is Sex.
you do realise Reaper that if I were to be on Jupiter I would be a different age than if I was on Earth, right?
and time is entirely man made and there for I can be any age if I were to say, be anywhere further than earth.
because the concept of time says it goes up slowly.
Im also almost 30.
probably older than you.
and how there can be more than there should be, or that they can be the wrong types in some people?
do you want to look into how chromosomes work
good move Saki. stepping away is the right choice.
thats a contextual useage Zana like the object has been identified before hand.
but science literally says theres more than 2 genders lol.
like this seems like a lack of understanding in the English language currently.
they is not.
because it is objectifying.
you dont use it.
you said you wouldnt refer to them as they/their.
thats kind of dickish.
and you purposefully don't do it...
"please refer to me this way"
I mean if someone literally tells you
I can see how ge becomes ra...
uh huh...
I feel like a desk flip is necassery.
can I desk flip now
races...
everything else you've tried to convey thus far has mostly offended people or made no real sense but I guess theres no harm in trying to hit the nail again... other than ya know... causing more offence.
and probably full of contradictions.
because Im almost certain at this point it'll be non sensical.
not really.
you're so full of contradictions its confusing.
going "what are you identifying as?" and then going "I need to examine you to decide for myself" contradicts the point of the first question
you're asking them then disregarding it though.
what if you can't come to a conclusion based on traditional identification methods *because there isnt one*
so why is that relevant?
you do realise there are women with deeper voices than some men? lmao
they aren't meeting your requirement as functioning as a male, they have female chromosomes.
but why, they aren't showing any traits other than physically as being a male.
so if to you reaper a male has a penis and testicals, but is impotent and has female chromosomes they are what?
not imbalances.
roughly speaking.
its a chemical thing.
you get people who with like the autism spectrum just go "ah its autism, its all the same to me." when its a vast multitude of variants and possibilities. But at least its kind of a start to identifying things. Which has to happen sometime.
yeah I was going to say how do you properly deal with that.
yeah. but its also kind of like
spectrums are kinda ehhh
or possibilities.
because its just... not possible to quantify all the genetic differences.
I mean, theres not even a number.
*whilst science quite clearly says there are more than 2*
but that doesnt mean I have to go full hard on "my beliefs are what they are deal with it. Ill say what I like"
I just.. don't get being that closed off... like there are somethings I disagree with sure.
I mean, if they had at least come to the conclusion that they should be open to further ideas there would have at least been hope.
this is a really long three letter word obviously.
*this can only go one way*
I really feel like you need to educate yourself a bit more Reaper.
I vote yes please. like..
I don't even know anymore.
the thing is about the "exceptions" they're statistically becoming more and more identified.
alsoã€€ãŒã‚“ã°ã‚ã†
STOP YOUR AMBIGUITIES!
smelling correctly is interoperated as using the ability to smell in a correct way though. dammit.
*smell nice*
<@!263983345669505025> is your nose malfunctioning?
>gotta smell correctly
wait he's legitimately an executive producer on it? what even
that smile probably has nothing to do with the show announcement. but his parents and the producers of the show are absolute dicks for letting him do it.
because first past the post is sooooooo great.
but I live in an area where insofar as GE, the seat is held by the SNP or the tories. and my vote is basically nullified by that.
theres no real way to say why it went through. because its impossible to decide exactly who voted what way.
nah brexit had the highest turn out for years
in the UK I feel my vote is an utter waste these days. so I havent voted since brexit I think. or maybe the last GE.
or there should be.
theres alternatives to the police though
does someone want some extra feelings and free empathy because Im pretty much done with both.
too much time to myself to over think... and then I discovered my friend at work added the girl Im still stupidly attached to on facebook but is being really covert about it so I dont find out.
today has not been a good day.
DOESNT LIFE JUST FUCKING SUCK
doesnt life just absolutely suck.
but can you imagine also having to live with "your that kid that had that prank show on unemployed people" being attached to your name forever
probably yeah.
I feel like its probably going to be the end of his career if it hits finality.
like who signed off on this...
tis just the way of modern media.
no but you end up with a mob mentality in either direction alot of the time.
people these days are guilty until proven innocent.
"well at least our idea is this"
I suppose if he attempted to run an actual viable opposition it would lead to the Tories being able to be like
there is not. and its even harder when your timescales are chopped in like half as well.
having at least a viable counter to that would be less damned to hell.
I mean, Mays "way out" was damned to hell
theres a lot of options.
how do you force your opponents hand if you're not showing a better way out?
but he doesnt have a how to leave.
I mean he does have a stance on Brexit, its to leave "honouring the vote"
May spent 3 years doing literally nothing, Corbyn spent 3 years not taking full advantage of it.
I liked Corbyn but his opposition on Brexit was woeful in my eyes.
but to be honest as it stands, I don't support scottish Labour. I don't really support actual Labour either.
if we had a proportional representation system Id vote.
and both of them are absolute shit.
my votes a complete and utter waste since the seats either tory or SNP
I wouldnt even vote in a GE.
with some probable hur dur brexit party seats being a thing
if anything there would be a rise in Lib dem and green seats and a drop in tory and labour seats
I dont think they would hold a sustainable majority with the way theyve handled Brexit
so we can have a fucked parliament because nobody would have power?
so how long until we get a nice new GE
ah
how so?
nah Rory Stewart was doing well?
thought uh whats his name
I thought Bojo was in big trouble for comments about the Scots from when Brown became PM?
eh?
the biggest reason why we can't re-industrialise over night and why our economy is uh
politician, not corrupt
but insofar as using violence against others to send your message. at what point do you stop being the "oppressed" and start being the oppressors?
but as you stated, its entirely down to your countries fault of making them far too important.
nobody sits for 20 years in a corrupt system and isnt in some form corrupt.
blanketing all police officers under one thing is also not a great thing to do.
all civilisations must come to an end eventually though I suppose.
and it won't even change. eventually it'll just collapse in its current state.
its just hard because America is so set in its ways.
changing the system would arguably be a better way to deal with it than "lets throw a brick at that cop because he *might* be a bad one"
I dunno. I'll never say violence is good in any form. There are better ways to fight oppressors that are suppose to be held accountable.
choose one.
Today was an awkward day at work. But I guess it was a bit more bearable.
So today begins.. A kind of hard time at work for me.
usually it helps you come back to it feeling refreshed and more in love with it than before. so theres nothing to lose really.
taking time out from the things you love is healthy.
like when the Mueller report went through and he went "look guys Im innocent" when it didnt say such a thing.
I think the fact that Trumps been so... obvious about it kind of gives it credence.
at a press conference...
didnt he literally say he colluded with russia
its kind of accumulative stuff. going backwards in small ways for certain laws/protections, changing certain public spending things and such. one upside to the US is the fact states can go "no thanks" I guess.
"ah yeah but at least they aren't doing what Trump did"
just think of all the lesser evils the next person will get away with due to Trump.
though I say "soonish" it'll probably not happen for another 50 or so years probably.
Im kind of glad we're soon going to see the collapse of the capitalist system in the west sometime soonish.
ahah I kind of hope that really riles trump up.
following due process is important.
the lets tar everyone with the same brush attitude does suck.
if the mexicans werent coming over illegally they would have no job.
they actually picked to be there remember
I still think the best bit is the fact that most migrants from Mexico to America that are illegal enter the country 100% legally and just out stay their visa's.
makes sense tbh.
ah I see.
oh?
I didnt know that was a thing Outside.. interesting.
if I said "do as you please" to my friend she would quite literally go ahead with whatever she had just suggested.
"do as you please" Sketch thats an okay ahah
you mean thats not how that works? <:MariaShock:423196877354303498>
oh so it did.
thats not just a thing in the US.
thats pretty much what I do too... like I have no idea how Ive spent the past 7 hours or so in the house... doing nothing... I watched 3 episodes of anime and made some food and boom its 10pm...
you yourself be somewhere where what you are profiting off of is freely available.
but thats the best way to make money.
scrub it with a toothbrush.
yes yes you do
but I was mid sentence.
I was gonna point it out.
rising above isnt an easy feat... and you don't always feel great when you try to... but its not impossible to work things out in a positive manner when you can.
exactly.. and if someone hurts you and you try to hurt them back... they just say to themselves "Im valid in hurting this person because they do it to me too."
within reason obviously.
making someone embarrass themselves is perfectly acceptable because if they gave you the opening.. then fools on them.
I just don't see a reason to be a dick to anyone even those who wrong me. Not worth the energy. ðŸ¤·
"oh buh mah emotions"
idk. I dislike validating being a dick due to emotions because then that allows the dicks on the internet to go
being a shitty person to someone thats shitty to you just makes you as shitty as them.
why wouldnt you remove yourself from a situation where you are being bullied/neglected... or at least try to... I mean I had *literally* nowhere to go to get away from my siblings but I still did my best to not lash out at them. letting people get under your skin and you being a dick to them back doesn't resolve any issues. then they have an excuse to lash back and its a vicious non stop cycle of "oh but you did this. oh but you did that."
so was I... lol. though its probably mostly because I just threw myself into anything where I could ignore them.
or better at ignoring shit.
maybe I was just more mature.
pretty easy to ignore.
lol.
growing up we only had 1 bedroom between the three of us. in a house where we only had up to 3 possible rooms to be in at once.
because thats how siblings work lmao.
and then they'd do it again.
because if I lashed out at them they would know they've gotten a reaction.
and I walked away from them all the time.
yes I do.
personally though if someone is causing you to be a dick to them I just tend to walk away... its not worth sinking to their level.
emotions are never an excuse to lash out at or abuse someone else. better?
emotions are never an excuse to be a dick to someone..
she's training everyone.
*you used paint.net thats cheating*
*rave well*
pray and spray opop.
bullet spray OP
ahah toothbrush or it doesnt count kerrik!
you mean countries dislike painting themselves as the bad guys?
also the fact that there exists a council that dictate what is/isn't within a religious text just tells you everything... "ah we don't really need this passage from this person because they don't entirely agree with the way we want things to be." Totally a divine message when its that heavily edited by man..
King James' bible is my favourite example of "cutting out the bits that don't agree with me"
could you define *free* please.
stretching colds soooo bad
edutainment at its finest.
and yeah dumbell is great
or a lot of it anyway... and now its back so gotta kick it again before habit...
almost 6 months...
I managed to cut sugar out of my diet for uh
*maybe thats the idea*
<@!263983345669505025> but if they do that how will they brainwash all the children into patriotism?
but I imagine they probably have some system where its like
thats also possible.
probably in the most important studio..
where do you think the backups would be kept?
like they still most likely have access to the KyoAni engine because you wouldnt only have that in one place.
probably not but its probably where a lot of it was kept.
and quite likely they had their archives of anything hand drawn in there as well Id imagine
all of the data on the computers is probably gone.
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. after they had gotten the Kyoani engine so good too! ðŸ˜¦ the loss of life is one thing... losing work that people put a lot of time into is another...  I'm not usually one for wanting capital punishment but this guy really really deserves it..
yeah those are the kinds of people that are kind of the reason though. aha
similar reasoning as to why weed is illegal in a lot of places still.. theres not really a reason for it to be illegal other than the fact it has been for a *long time*
because its "bad and immoral and omg you can't sell your body!"
fixed it... I mean it was always that way.
Englando really good I swears
its almost like regulation and the protection given from laws are a good thing.
its the same here now I think
its like... do you even want to improve the situation sheesh
so you end up with criminals getting a slap on the wrist... or someone who has offended once going straight to a maximum security prison
like prison sentences in the UK are either far too soft... or the extreme of far too hard...
since you've already lost your life in society whats losing some time for 3 meals a day and not having to worry about finances?
commit crime, get imprisoned, lose your life in society, but dont worry that career criminal on the inside gave you some really good tips... commit more crimes... just go back to jail costs you nothing but time.
like you look at Scandinavian countries where a petty crime gets you into a prison thats low security etc so you dont meet a career criminal as such... you dont get the idea to go recommit a crime..
tbh I think the funniest thing about the crime punishment system at least in the UK is the fact it introduces petty criminals to career criminals..
until he gets the death sentence and then whenever that happens just be like "oh he died"
its far more easier to just lock him up and drop press coverage.
so doing something as atrocious to garner it.
as other people getting ideas of like wanting that level of attention
yeah he doesnt care but its not so much him
even though he is scum, he is still human.
the *less* coverage people like that get beyond the initial reporting the better.
which tbh is actually a really good way of doing things.
not that the people incharge of them forget lol
"forget about 'em" implies that society forgets
I would hope at least.
Im pretty sure even though Japans prison and justice system is uh... screwed they wouldn't feel the need to go as far as physical torture..
ooft
is the deterrent over the actual beating happening
I mean the idea of being beaten with a stick would stop a lot of people from doing things.
like you wouldnt want to be a career criminal like you get here in Japan.
like it obviously deters criminals.
the japanese prison systems effective.
I imagine the not knowing when youll die bit is the worst part of that.
ooft
like thats the kind of backup system you'd have in the 80s/90s or earlier.
thats why I went with a way of backing up thats really out of date.
"backup on site X weekly, backups to HQ Y monthly"
not wanting to work on what they were working on though is completely understandable and it wouldnt surprise me if they did sell off the licenses they have access to and took some serious down time to recover for all of their staffs good before even getting back to producing things.
That would probably at least get them back to somewhere to start from if that makes sense.
Yeah for sure. But I mean if they were to try to eventually get back to producing things.
like... youd think they would have insured the building and things inside of it.
surely they would get an insurance pay out though?
the Florida thing that is.
I think I remember seeing about that.
ahhhhhhhhh
make less money if something is freely available.
they were going to try to keep it out of the public domain again though.
I think it might have already? I can't remember.
ah yes disney and its "keep it private" technique.
due over the actual populus... I swear my brains working... some how...
however wuts Florida done?
and how governments will cater to that due over the actual populus
we were talking about companies wanting to protect their IPs for le monies
just one of them makes more money than the other
they do indeed.
but its not really a surprise when the government cares about catering to the elite more than protecting the people.
nope you're literally bang on target.
*taking someones life is less valuable than taking some intellectual property*
piracy can get you a longer prison sentence than manslaughter...
because both of those together are really really progressive for Japan.
did they have paternity leave too?
tis good move though
"yeah I need some maturity leave thanks, just not feeling mature today" or is it feeling too mature?
can that be a thing too plez?
I know you mean maternity leave but...
*maturity leave*
ciao.
ight I really dont care enough to bother with you today Mel.
diverting it off course would require pushing it into another stronger gravity field... which if its close enough to the earth to require that we'd have to push it a pretty far distance to do so.
its pretty simple that what we would need to do is just send Bruce Willis to deal with it.
you're not wrong Kerrik :p
I mean
I mean its still practising the religion in some form
religion is perfectly fine.
on an individual spiritualistic level though like
Id say on a organised level though itd be true.
not that everyone uses it for that.
Religion is just an excuse to say you're right and be a bad person*
Cypher stay away from my stargate
Then yeah. But when you start thinking "this is humanity, theres so many facets and differences but thats alright."
when you're thinking on a small scale of "this is my tribe, anything else is wrong"
tribe mentality
I mean, its basic human nature insofar as like
the same reason for most uhh prejudice.
"they are different to me I don't like it"
it mostly comes down to
I mean thats how the whole pope thing works.
towards changing their teachings currently anyway.
and there for homosexuality etc *is perfectly okay because its Gods plan* is probably the biggest step a religion can take.
I mean if God is  infallible right, then everything must be a part of his plan.
from a statement last year anyway.
no he said god doesnt make mistakes and people that are gay/lesbian/trans/bi etc are made the way they should be.
tis why America is also so scary... with the whole allegiance to the flag thing.
if you can take away peoples rational thought process so they don't think by themselves but follow without question you know you've won.
thats how the brain washing works
of course because thats how conservatism works.
but I know he has been making progressive changes where he can.
I think it was just a statement he made I was thinking about
:p
ahah
mhm
uhh lets see if I can remember.
didnt the pope make a lot of progressive changes last year?
ah no wait I just got to the bottom of the article.
the lack of elaboration on what statements the document mirrors from the Pope kinda sucks.
See that article says to me that those who oppose the Pope have gone "no this is how far we go"
After being in a similar situation recently all I can say is be honest with your friend. In my situation however the girl won't even acknowledge me. But my friend went and asked her out and that hurt for a bit. Mainly because I felt like it meant he didn't feel he could tell me. We took some space and things ended up probably working out for the best because now we both understand how we feel about that girl instead of keeping the fact we like her hidden from the other. Communication in friendship is super important is what I learnt from that experience.
its basically Jesus just going "yeah you fucked up some pools of water, how about you just up and die kiddo" and "you bumped into me? thats death buddy!" which is... extremely old testament and its great.
ya know reading these omitted gospels is kinda interesting.
*if you die and roll X, come back to life after a time penalty*
I couldnt tell you exactly who wrote it because I can never remember but Im sure a google search of Jesus and dragons would probably pull it up
uh its one of the not included in the king james Bible bits
*did you say seize the means*
whilst being a toddler ofc.
Rakhi I prefer the bit where Jesus tamed some dragons.
is the bigger question.
how long did it take the US to make the bombs
*wait maybe Trump has unlocked a nuke crafting spell*
like boom, sudden nukes outta nowhere
its not like tomorrow theres going to be X more Nukes on both sides.
these things take time.
does it matter? Like Mel said
in one form or another.
like, humanity *will eventually disappear from existence* but the Earth is likely to still be a thing afterwards.
is a really big feat.
I mean to physically blow up the Earth
just remember kids, the rock will be here after you are.
just with a better agreement?
isnt a likely outcome of this that they eventually come back to the point they were at
destroyyyy the rockkkkkkkk
destroy the rock
more weapons... or the threat of more weapons
I mean thats how you beat the other guys
can America throw more money at military costs...
thats a really hard option though.
"I dislike this agreement Russia is bad. Ill make a new agreement!"
That makes far too much sense.
the likely hood of the earth ending is low though..
"A quandary is a conundrum"
it'd take more than 5 minutes for the nukes to get there but still.
like, if America wanted to nuke Russia they could do it in 5 minutes time.
just be wary of the fact that he may try to cause shit for you with those people.
if they don't care and continue talking to you then they are.
I didn't see the point in trying to be friends with people that low. If the people around him stop talking to you due to you cutting him out they aren't really worth having around.
the reason I stopped talking to the people he talked to was because they back stabbed me and just showed their true colours.
you can try talking to them
cutting that person out and the people who he talks to was worth it.
I couldnt give a shit about the people it cost me
I had a similar situation at work and tbh
anything you do they will turn against you 100%
the best way to deal with a person like that is to not deal with them.
Calling it a fight is escalating it a tad is it not. Lmao.
in the event of someone being an asshole to you anyway.
and apparently your feelings entitle you to be an asshole.
I mean we had this discussion the other week
*because my feelings*
*yes it does*
wait we have a thing from Nara for that
My point was purely on martial arts and not of the use of it vs guns.
nah Im just being pedantic because Saki's doing it to me.
"Learning martial arts is arguably the best self-defense. Discipline is part of the teaching, most will also teach you how to disarm an opponent, and it's hard to take away your weapon when your body is the weapon."
they merely state that learning martial arts is the ultimate weapon
in sympho's sentence they do not mention an armed or unarmed attacker.
"the hell do you"
oh sorry
where do you get off asserting it is an armed attacker
when wasnt it stated?
nah in this scenario its you vs an unarmed attack.
I mean it'll also get you disgraced from where you were taught.
<@189146272865845248> Learning martials arts is great and all. But you'll find that from a legal stand point *using those techniques* against a non practitioner can land you in a lot of trouble.
Theres a statistic that a well trained police officer under stress will *not hit their intended target* with a firearm... So what does a gun owner who maybe hits up the range once in a while hope to achieve using a gun to protect themselves? Makes sense that a gun is a status symbol on the right. It was the same with swords and personal armies in history really.
I'll never get the whole "we need them for defence". I get owning a firearm going to a range shooting it or hunting with it etc. I don't get the "government is bad so I need it!" if its at that point your governments already failed you anyway. Add on the "well criminals have them so if I do I'm safer!" then again, your governing body has failed you because they allowed the criminals the ability to get them by not doing their job correctly. I know at this point its impossible to disarm every criminal in the US.... But surely theres got to be a breaking point where you can have your guns *and regulations* to better protect everyone...
ight whatever. I've realized this is pointless and a waste of time.
Im not attacking anyone. Lmao.
I was listening.
"I've realized this is pointless and a waste of time" is kind of shitty no?
I mean putting it in words as
then why even bother to join the discussion to begin with
I mean, I wasn't flaming anyone. But tis funny when it always comes down to "this is pointless" because you don't want to lose a discussion.
But acting your age is boring. Zzz.
that needs to be brought back into use.
I shall accept kerfuffle.
or what sector of space... I see why Trump is so ahead of the game with his space force.
ah yes so we can then start saying who owns what planet
Pretty much. Or having territory that appears to not be yours but is.
you still gain power from it so its always going to be worth while to someone thats in charge of a country somewhere.
If only peace keeping was as profitable as war...
The rest of the world already knows. :p
You wouldn't need to admit it.
"US would be dragged into it" you said the US would charge head first happily, incorrectly.
All video games fault obviously.
Where else did the original assassins creed come from?!
There's been violence since the dawn of time. Mass killings etc.. Have there been video games since those times? ðŸ¤”
eventually you'd end up with scenarios of "Why should I do this for that person when they contribute considerably less to whatever than I do?"
lets say that the highest paying NATO allies have the most pull within said body
we suddenly have a unified governing military body.
like imagine we encounter Aliens right
and even then that would again be ehhh
I think even then you end up with at least two parties of thought.
ehhh
yes, a scourge upon everything.
so... a governing body that governs beyond the world no matter how will most likely have a rebellion from the colony no matter what
but that can still cause people to eventually disagree with you anyway
Or fight all the time.
I suppose not. Its either wipe out an entire populace of people who don't agree with you.
which is the most likely path.
Legend of Galactic Heroes.
and it very strongly just follows the historic norms for colonizing things as well.
I dunno watching LoGHs kinda tells me shit wont go well.
They've been launching missiles for years... They as have been mentioned will probably not fire a nuclear pay load with one because they aren't that stupid.
yeah wouldnt be surprising if it was just attention seeking
probably super alert about such things right now.
yeah they're
I know that my friend in Rugby said she was going to get storms today... so Im guessing theres possibly storms further south too
arent there storms down south?
Boris is drying his hair...
he's trying to start a new trend guys c'mon.
Just give it a few weeks and the media will have him painted that way.
I trust none of the government that governs the UK whole heartedly.
Which to me seems bizarre... Like... If we tackle the issue whilst its not yet at that point... Then it won't ever require the later steps... But apparently it makes more sense to wait until possible mental health issues occur... Than it does to target it now.
I could give you an example from my point of view with my repetitive strain injury. According to the NHS, if its not causing enough pain for me to miss work or not get enough sleep. Or to be thoroughly depressed and feeling like the pain will never go away. Seeing a physio therapist isn't needed...
True. But the reason it generally gets to the point that its too late is usually due to the  establishments views on what constitutes that the person requires mental help.
Probably because it was.
From the point of view of politicians and the media.
I never tend to. But anyway, the point is its not terrorism if its an act of terrorism by someone who is white even if they have an agenda.
The media is what dictates most public view.
I mean, have you never seen the media after mass shootings or some such?
and its not terrorism... because Murica...
but even then when a white person *quite literally goes this is my agenda* they still only need help.
well I suppose by definition it is...
thats not entirely true.
I don't think thats sadly going anywhere any time soon with Americas current disposition.
nah
if they had paid what they owed the amount of money the UK would have had to spend on welfare would have been insane
they paid barely a fraction
no
did they pay what they owed?
look at Apple when they got fined for tax dodging in the UK
right
yeah but the government is the reason that the welfare state is required
like
theres welfare states everywhere
oh yeah theres no perfect system
any system where by you gain profit at the expense of others is flawed.
Nah Capitalism in general
It should be in the interest of the person who requires the help to seek it. Removing the stigma of "mental health issues are bad" would be a big step.
or rather it has no defining factor on how it falls into things.
thats the issue with wholeheartedness. It has no definition.
There will never be a governing body that isnt impeaching on somebodies rights at some point. Tis just not possible.
I mean I dont doubt that there are MPs who have their constituencies views at the heart of what they do.
Because thats rarer than hens teeth.
it buys natural resources in Africa
so whats it do?
it has excess of US dollars
I mean look at China right
what happens when suddenly that governing body is gone?
its merely a promise from a governing body that it has value.
but what you earn has no value
if i had money Id be buying gold like no tomorrow
raw materials are needed.
I mean money isnt needed.
I think imagining the end of western empires is easier to envision than the end of capitalism.
like if there were a system that suddenly was better than capitalism and that system were to take over the world then we would see "capitalism is sooo bad because of this this and this"
Fizzy thats the mentality thats been ingrained in so many people due to capitalism being the market winner so to speak.
ooft
Literally any of the nordic countries that have strong socialistic structures.
I mean look at the nordic countries with socialism.. none of them are leading to communism or dictatorships
to which I said that those aren't socialistic countries...
like theres a spainish guy at work who when discovered I had socialistic views told me to go and live in one of the countries that has socialism currently
socialism gets such a bad wrap due to the "examples" in the modern day.
Its stupid that the companies using the workers get away with generating growth at the top end whilst avoiding paying their dues to help those at the bottom.
if you get fined you should pay the entirity of what you owe.
I imagine living in VR would be something like the Shelter music video...
just give me the woman in the red dress and Ill be happy okay!
*bring on psycho pass*
bring on psycho pass.
when does enhancement stop you being human? ðŸ˜®
oh boy thats a whole nother issue.
if my PC works properly by that point
tis a game Ill actually have to get and play.
*soon*
I just would rather not have either.
and why crypto exists too.
oh I understand why currency exists.
100 bitcoins had no value then. except the value of a pizza. :p
"oh yeah heres like 100 bitcoins"
that guy who used bitcoin to buy pizza... ooft.
when the bitcoin branches didnt exist and getting bits was easy
like you look at the people mining on day 1 and shit
since it will never be a mainstream currency itll always just be a stock market in effect.
the reason that crypto goes up and down is because its treated like a stock market. it has no tangible value other than value assigned by those that use it.
even less worthless than paper money.
and then they continue being rich because they had the assets to begin with.
"Well that currency is worth X amount of my gold"
like the rich who own all the assets will go
Im not but thats kind of my point
but how do you start a new currency without anything to tie it to? :p
oh yeah sure
it doesnt matter who the example is China is just the best current example of that.
I mean Im speaking on a level thats purely asset vs currency values.
all it can do with it is buy american things and it doesnt want that.
the US Dollar is worthless to China because it doesn't actually gain it anything.
whats it spent? nothing of value to itself.
oh no. thats always an experience...
Solo isnt a danger to society!?
not the stuck in a space ship by yourself bit
ah yes... thats exactly how socialism works.
he owns a hell of a lot of media outlets and has a lot of politicians at his beck and call.
a media giant.
or you can just be the *second non elected PM by the general population* and everythings still acceptable because reasons.
or you can just be not elected.
oh ninryu I know exactly what you mean... its like people here voting conservative when their wage slip is less than average...
still adamant its better to be outside the Euro zone than to be in. blegh.
like my Dad has memories of pre EU Britian... Where as I don't. But he also has memories of Thatcher being in charge etc.
its actually only 25 years off of being 100 years ooft.
like thats almost 100 years ago...
like when my Dad grew up it was still the done thing to be racist....
but they also grew up in a vastly different time.
which makes it shitty to take away their right to vote.
yeah but those people have contributed to society.
Why worry about a tomorrow that you might not see, when you can have money today.
I dunno. Sometimes I feel like older generations shouldn't be meddling in politics that they will never see the consequences of...
Just wait, more prisons. NHS collapses privatised healthcare like Murica... Next thing you know we have privatised prisons too... Boris and his cronies making the big bucks off convicts.
wtb a real berserk adaptation..
50 years old?
Its only generic because of the origin story being what
Im just glad we're at least going forward even if it is taking longer than it should... Theres an absolute heap of things I would love to see get screen adaptations that have strong female leads. And they generally tell very different stories from media portraying male leads.
so we should stop right?
but we've also done the strong male lead
ah yes Rebecca!
because then you have the biggest market to sell toys to. lololol
probably because Japan just has a better balance of catering to girls as much as boys with their media.
yeah the west should be the focal point here.
we'll get there. yes alot of the time it's a bit extreme. but thats kind of required to get the ball rolling.
but on a societal scale the same cant be said.
on a purely individual level, having read a lot of books with women in the lead role etc.. its normal to me.
which is a shame because theres so many great powerful female protagonists.
mostly because there were so many things that happened before we even got to brexit that could have been cause for a revolt.
nah.
the fact that theres been enough reasons in the UK for a revolution in the past 10 years and one hasnt happened should tell you everything about peoples actual want for change.
seeing as 20 years ago is the relevance and not the present.
maybe I should've said where it was the done thing.
can ya look at the numbers from 20 years ago?
I say done thing, when I was born the antivax movement was probably just in infancy here... Like, it'd be some small amount of mothers.
not as quickly as America.
Im not surprised you live in the UK where the general population vaccinates because its the done thing.
But the country is totally fine when the wealth is all owned by 0.2% of the population. Like... That 0.2% of the population is what employs everybody and if they don't have money how can anyone else! /s
like the reason you see it as generic is the fact that theres so many adaptations from the time that all cover the same kind of idea.
like the reason you see it as generic is the fact that theres so many adaptations from the time that all cover the same kind of idea.
like the reason you see it as generic is the fact that theres so many adaptations from the time that all cover the same kind of idea.
oh its actually 77 years... sheesh
I mean, I dont know when wonder woman got published
and how people happily pay the fines to not have to vote.
just look at how australia fines people for not voting
but even so, 1% is sadly a majority.
and the 100% who can vote still don't even equate to a majority of the people of the UK so I mean
its just 51% of people that bothered to vote at the time which was like 80% to begin with.
you do realise that 51% doesnt even represent half the population anyway?
its mostly a failing of how our democracy works.
technically 0.1% is a majority.
I mean it is.
yeah but remember the UK didnt even really want to be in the EU to begin with we just got shoved in and then asked to vote on it... at which point people went "ah well the monies already spent"
I mean we won't be sitting alone eventually.
Remember kids, this is entirely David Camerons fault.
ooft ðŸ˜¦
cuz of your ID issues?
oh no
Clegg for PM!
with my nice yellow ribbons!
sorry I can't hear you from over here.
you definitely can.
Corbyn was making Labour alot more left and then he kind of gave up when he had to start fighting more for brexit shit.
politics in this country are a meme.
plus even if I were to vote scottish labour they wouldnt win the seat here.
but Corbyns labour doesn't represent what I want anymore.
I mean I'm pretty left
like I'd struggle to find a closest fit that could actually win a seat where I live.
But Labour isnt even closest fit anymore.
oh Im aware.
I'm done voting Labour just because they fit the best.
I mean I'll tell you now I've lost faith entirely with all politicians in this country. Currently no party or politician represents me and there for I am unlikely to vote.
Its just odd that so many people view it as not worth doing anything about... Like if you never start you'll never get anywhere with it and the problem can only progress more at that point.
Like you don't need a license to own a car sure, but to legally use it you do. Sure people illegally use cars and cause fatalities etc. But that number would be a lot higher if nobody required licensing to use a car.. Like it use to be.
Yeah obviously its the people. But how do you control the people other than restricting their access?
I think the biggest issue is the fact that America is based upon the constitution. And the brainwashing to uphold and protect that comes paramount due to the indoctrination you find in public schools. So for a lot of people it's less of some guidelines to have a society (which it is) and more of the literal foundation that the country stands upon and changing it is an attack against the entire reason the country exists. Which is ridiculous... Because most of the constitution has already been amended as time goes on.
Yeah switzerland is a great example of gun ownership and responsibility.
Like if you managed to get the numbers down from one shooting a day to one shooting a week thats such a big difference already.
However that doesn't mean you can't take steps to make the day to day issues a lot less.
I completely understand that there is an issue with supply of firearms in the US, as in there are far too many to attempt what australia did and actually get it right.
And yeah that is the problem that the people who use that don't acknowledge. Like the states with strict gun laws being next to ones with less strict gun laws are still effected by the states around them.
I mean thats kind of part of the rhetoric I was going for Nara. "If there were guns it'd have been safer!"
I'll wait for the "happened in gun free zone" "oh god its the video games causing violence can't you see!" rhetoric thats so favoured now...
Global warming would be the study of humanities effect upon the climate. Where as climate change would occur without humanity ever existing..
global warming and climate change are technically not the same.
Doesn't sound healthy I'd consult a doctor about it. How much weight are you able to maintain holding onto with it? If that makes sense.
you actually do more to pass your bike test than to bass your car test.
in the UK the licensing is also seperate
I don't get how people are that stupid when they aren't driving.
oh yeah pedestrians are the worst.
^
you'd be surprised lol.
and then accidents happen.
people develop the habit of *not checking their mirrors*
exactly thats the point.
thats a bad habit.
forget to check a mirror and merge?
no but it does mean that you can cause accidents easily.
yeah it is.
everyone has bad habits and thats the issue
nah man
lol
you mean the part of your life where youre most likely to develop bad habits?
like, you shouldnt be able to get into the habit of not knowing who has right of way etc on the roads.
I mean its not cheap here either.
it'd stop people getting bad habits etc.
Nah its not stupid.
or even less than that.
everyone should have to retake the test every 5 years tbh
the minimum requirement to get a license here is 10 driving lessons a theory and the practical.
if I didnt have a license I can go and buy a car and make illegal use of it was my point.
and more towards renting property, paying staff, keeping physical inventory etc.
The no overhead was more towards digital than amazon.
funny that a company that hit financial issues managed to buyout a company notorious for financial issues.
sportsdirect or something buying Game?
Oh Sketch did you see about what was it
Its sad but most high street style stores are going to go out of business eventually. They just can't compete with the likes of digital store fronts and amazon etc where they have lower/no over heads. I remember when I bought Starcraft 2 I believe it was, on the Game website it was about Â£25 in store Â£40. From the same company just due to over heads.
As far as I'm concerned anyway.
I mean, thats not even the issue anymore at this point.
I mean its a sad affair when we have literally scraped the bottom of the political barrel to end up with Johnson and he's acceptable "because he's determined!"
Except... a large majority of the population want an election so we can stop having PMs who are elected by a ridiculously small amount of the population...
just the first paragraphs give a general idea.
nah
Not at all surprising.
Can't read more than the first two paragraphs but lol.
MPs have pushed a piece of legislation that basically says that Boris' government has to either; A, get a deal or B, get no deal past the house or ask for an extension if neither of these happen by October 19th.
yeah havent you seen about that?
The block no deal brexit bill is going to pass monday most likely.
They only removed the whip from 22 MPs I think but they may have lost even more now.
Countries strong and stable everything is fine.
*which he really wants but will pretend he doesn't*
Ah yes. You mean Boris losing his majority, 20 something of his MPs going against the whip and not being able to be conservative MPs if he has a general election
happened in june I do believe
the last 10 or so years have been a really big push in awareness for everyone on depression, autism and anxiety etc... maybe eventually we will have people who better understand others as well as maybe themselves too.
Its just that when most people hear autism due to the way the low end of the spectrum is treated as "oh no thats awful" they completely relate all autism to that.
Yeah its a lot more common than people think.
indifference is best.
Nah dont hate them they arent worth the energy.
its always easier to paint someone else with the blame.
I wouldn't.
aha*
me and my other friend made him cringe when we first said that ah
Chessboard.
or as I say to my Polish friend at work.
krzesÅ‚o
but this is the grand daddy of all Polish words.
its a very versatile word.
fuck or whore depending on useage
pizda
orrr
Kurwa of course.
theres only one word you need to know in Polish anyway
I mean, the way he has acted has been in line with very right wing views that aren't generally great...
speaking out against bigotry doesnt stop you from acting the way you do though.
I thought he was acting very right wing the past few years?
I mean when you think about it the King James bible (the most common iteration currently in modern times) is very cut down and specific to the way King James wanted the religion to be viewed. There are a lot of scriptures missing from it due to this and then the teachings that are there are cherry picked most of the time... The whole old testament itself should be a very good indicator of why religions not a good idea imo.
we all know game devs sleep under their desks.
sleep at home good joke Rakhi
because all it fucking is is a "yeah guys we're going now bye!"
the withdrawal article could be triggered at any point... negotiations could have been in late stages and she could have triggered it.
Also May deciding that 7 years was too long and she could do it in 3 was the worst part.
but instead MPs had to try to hash out how it would work
like tbh after the initial referendum there should have been votes on *how people wanted to leave*
and its been a shit show since day 1 is the biggest issue.
the fact its been attempted to rush.
also I don't think leaving would be so bad if it was actually done right.
most power house countries would rather leave than try to fix the issue.
I mean, no country in the EU wants to reform the EU
lie to your nation. hide when shit doesnt go right for you. and sell everything off to the lowest bidder you can
this is what it means to be conservative.
sadly its not.
and then go "look guys I did it! I did my promise Im the best!"
Bojo is going to probably break some laws exit us out of the EU no matter what even though a vast majority of leavers want a deal...
we're fucked no matter what at this point.
I mean
"ah yeah that happens sometimes"
not accepted but like...
its worrying that its like
like, the amount of work hours required to be put in just to live... theres no time for kids.
like not to be funny... but if I had a gf/so and we were considering having a child my answer would likely be no. if I were in the job Im in now.
building that career is hard tbh
ANIME HAS TRIED SO HARD TO MAKE BABIES HAPPEN OKAY
basically if you have a young generation not creating more babies as elderly people die off your population dies.
and young people not procreating.
they have an issue with a high population of elderly people
you dont understand the massive amounts of not being able to make a family due to working?
its interesting that you either have like China or Japan on two very different ends of the scale.
baby import services...
ahah
I quite like the studies proving homosexuality within nature.
we definitely don't need more babies...
theres another girl whose only 16 who left highschool recently obviously.... and she's leaps and bounds more mature and interested about learning more etc... and Im just like... how can someone actively choose... ignorance at such a young age.
but I wouldnt say thats an excuse.
she only just left high school
oh she's definitely intellectually lazy.
that was like talking to a brick wall...
I then had to attempt to explain transgenderness as well... but I mean
but basically all of her statements were anti-homosexual...
I just couldn't remember....
Im sure theres a different better term for it.
to which I said "you're homophobic then." to which she said "no I just don't like them"
her literal sentence was "I don't like gay people its weird. I just don't like them." and things along those lines
I had to explain to a girl at work today how shes homophobic...
OH MY GOODNESS SOMEONE WHO DOESNT LIVE THE SAME NUCLEAR LIFE STYLE AS ME OMG NO THATS NOT A THING.
like nothing actually changes other than the fact its defined for future generations to better understand it.
it's not like a gender-neutral nonbinary pronoun suddenly becomes unusable.
I'll never understand the issue with an addition like this...
how did you escape?
ooft.
if I go to Japan on holiday it'd be at least 2 weeks.
seems safe to me. ðŸ¤·
OH MAN I CANT WAIT TO MEET THAT CULT IN THE MOUNTAINS.
whats the golden/silver route things again?
than go shopping etc.
I think Id rather see culture and stuff.
ugh shopping.
I need to figure out where I want to go first when I visit Japan.
or of Kanade?
Do you send her a picture of your dakimakura...
On top of normal travel anxieties etc.
Like even being prepared for a different culture, you can still get massive culture shock.
It can be a pretty big thing tbh.
wait...
YEAH NOW RULES!
*linguists everywhere faint*
I'm talking in English there are no rules!
*okay its the dakimakura's you got me Kerrik well played*
I still need to make Okonomiyaki at some point.
DON'T BOAST WFC
*of course its the food have you seen the food?!*
its not just anime, its the country... the cars... and the food etc.
like, my obsession with Japans pretty... well founded.
to find out its not at all like that.
Like I can't imagine going to Japan and going "omg its going to be just like in anime!"
Im kind of glad that Im aware of the actual culture or some of Japans culture.
like RX7s only just out strip S15s in price.
maybe 16k tops.
I can import one to the UK for Â£12k o.O
if I was in Japan with $10k... Id happily spend it on an RX7... and then spend $15k on mods heheh.
;D
because you cant buy a nice looking house in a city.
I don't even know what you'd call the society in the UK anymore.
don't you mean under their mattress?
like.. forget being able to buy non essentials if you're near the poverty line.
people in the UK work a lot just to live right now.
yeah.
ikr.
then you just work... to work...
one day there is no longer a many
what if
wait Japan is on some next level thinking
if they just assume you know what to do or just expect you to do it the way it should be done its their fault its wrong not yours.
the best way to avoid being yelled at is to simply ask for a proper explanation.
especially if you're in charge of a line have been there for 30 something years and shout/swear at people all the time with inconsistent instructions...
healthy shall we say.
the work environment where I work isn't exactly... well
as to why we got the training?
but the outcome is not to shout when asking/giving instructions. be clear and concise with instructions. make sure that you understood/the recipient understood. don't swear at someone whilst giving instructions and the likes.
probably none.
on why and how to communicate and respect people in the work place because of a survey done in april that returned really bad results.
Yesterday I had to attend training along with *literally all 900 other employees but obviously in small groups at a time*
That sounds like any work environment that has a failing communication system.
I mean, to be fair most professional places in the west would require that.
I still need to not get tattoos before I go to Japan.
didn't he just go drinking?
full on initiated member.
you could've joined the Yakuza like...
could be worse
or come up with ones you don't feel fit the bill if that makes sense.
if you try to think of reasons to live, you'll likely only either skip over actual reasons
reasons not to die is a better way to look at it.
I prefer to believe that there is nothing... Simply because I'd rather just be gone than live on in an afterlife...
the internet isn't generally good for people.
and still survive... so her income was extra and food was like... Â£10 a week to feed a family of 5.
like her husband had a well paying job at the time and could afford the mortgage by himself.
it was less than 1/4 of her house hold income a month
I once had to explain to an older woman how when she had her mortgage in the 60s
or "why dont you own your own house already!"
yeah
like we wouldnt have kids using so much electricity *if things hadnt progressed and become better/more convieniant*
completely missed the fact that his generation is the reason that things are the way they are
like that guy that went viral for that massive rant post
but the way these things are being done is pushing the elder generations further into their beliefs.
Something *has* to be done
Because its just going to push the people that deny we need to do something further into denying it.
Also as for the climate change stuff, I can understand how Greta is being used as an extremist point which kinda sucks.
the US prison system is from my understanding a privatised money maker.
Im not going to waste my time with pandering to your power needs.
whatever.
there is no current relevant plot line to support it being plot Melua.
its really not.
fuck off.
uhhh
and his issue is quite literally relevant to a characters outcome.
Pray tell where theres any actual plot being discussed...
yeah it makes sense that most of it is used to alleviate grief where possible.. but who would've figured it would garner that much.
hoping that they put a memorial park or some such where the office was
also not repairing the office buildings a smart move.
all of its going to the victims of the fire too which is great
woah dats a lot of monies.
not because the tories would stonewall him. but because his party may not be interested in doing that.
like if Corbyn gained office tomorrow... I doubt he would get more than the baseline stuff in by the time he left.
yeah but the thing about alot of politicians is that they generally don't follow through in some form.
I give Thatcher credit where credit is due. She did what she said she would... Its just a shame she did all the wrong things.
then theres Thatcher, Major and such
war crimes, destruction of the country etc etc
not even austerity
ooft if everyone was accountable imagine Blair and Cameron...
of course. but it must be hard times for them if they feel they need to move away from supporting him... which is good for everyone because they're part of the massive problem with modern media.
someone check for the four horsemen...
fox news making an almost intelligent decision for once.
wait...
the last time it happened it was about money*
thats  agood move tbh
AR15s going to do you real good against drones, tanks, troops with actual discipline...
even if it was that many... do they not realise what organised troops and big military spending actually means lol
yeah.
any civil rising would be Trump + uprisers vs the government
I mean, trump impeached means he is no longer part of the government
trump gets impeached... that nice big Murican war complex has the military backing the government immediately.
likely hood of a civil war actually starting is low though.
Next itll be "we're giving the NHS more money to solve issues!" when all that money does is make it so the required funding can actually be spent... its never actually extra anything.
Because it is a publicity stunt. Those 6 hospitals were probably already well over due to be built anyway... The other 34 were probably needed 20 years ago as immediate infrastructure.
EVERYONES THE TORIES REALLY
new labour tory lite
lib dems tory lite
You need to be able to draw the line between your escapism and reality.
Im sure there will come a time in the future where a generation will sit and go "well this super progressive politician from this time, had some flaws by our standards!" whilst to us that politician maybe pushing big changes and seem flawless by our standards.
Wouldn't you say society enabling a politician to be able to want to do what they wanted to do would be a part of the issue?
We can indeed. But we couldn't just go "Only Churchill was racist towards the indians." and completely negate that it was accepted on a societal level to be racist.
Im not excusing how society has been. But not understanding the motivations behind someones views/thoughts and trying to uphold them to todays standards seems pointless to me.
Like I couldnt look back at churchill and completely not take into account how the world worked at the time.
Ehh just in my life time so far things have changed a lot.
American presidents are confusing
see.. its kind of hard to look back at politicians in the past... without taking into account how much we as a society have changed.
washers will have some basic washes
yeah should be washers and driers
halls?
just be like me only wear black clothes sheesh
as for seperating stuff...
bed sheets also on hot washes
towel on 60 degrees
wash the towel seperately
oh
just shove it all in
whats this "laundry" gubbins.
doing washing is easy Rakhi
theres sadly no perfect order and probably never will be.
Im not even sure how I would describe my political views anymore.
it wasnt pure communism. but why would you hoard all your grain when you really really needed some of Freds milk...
during feudalistic times etc a communistic system was generally used.
it can always work small scale. but as soon as its large scale and one guy can easily exploit the system its gg.
I mean, communism worked centuries ago.
except the company always keeps the lions share and doesnt trickle it down.
when the company does well the workers benefit
always executed badly.
Trickle down economics a good idea
insofar as gun ownership anyway. if its not for hunting or job related reasons.
like.. some people do enjoy safe recreational shooting. Those are the people that should actually matter.
I mean, why have a hobby?
like if the military have time to go through all the steps they need to in an active warzone before firing there is no reason a police officer can't.
there are protocols for engagement.
like even the military don't just fire on people...
not "bang bang oh no wrong place my bad"
any sane person would go "stop who are you I have a gun"
yeah but this is apart of the issue lol
and there was evidence of her possibly being involved with him romantically
but its not been ruled as manslaughter.
the entire thing was ridiculous... and goes with the whole "shoot first ask questions later" ethos American police have.
I would say keeping someone who kills willingly off the streets is keeping the public safe.
its not really a form of revenge.
25 years in the US I think.
hell there are people who are in jail for hosting websites with double life sentences.
anyone else who did that would have been in for life.
10 years for murder because shes a cop?
Also I see no reason why someone can't own an assault rifle, but it should be kept at a range/club and not be allowed to leave without some form of procedure to do so. Shooting at a target is perfectly fine.... But the 2A gun nuts would say thats not fair...
That cop got way too little jail time though for straight up murder.
anyway I gotta eat.
controlling something can just mean regulating supply of it.
I mean, the issue is that the NRA etc have made control a buzz word
taking control of a situation is perfectly fine.
not really.
if you dont even try you'll never get anywhere ya know?
yeah but now you need to take control
they make a really big song and dance about not being able to do anything about gun numbers but they can. its just they don't actually want to. (they being those in power)
"want your gun, range only Im afraid? Oh you dont like that well no gun."
it wouldnt be hard to deal with.
but if you were to restrict certain weapons to range only access
it is currently yes
if you can keep someone in their house with an ankle monitor you can definitely keep track of private guns ahah
you can clamp down by adding procedures so guns don't leave ranges.
not as horrible as china from what Ive heard.
like I get why it happens. but you're left with an opposition that relies on the ruling party members sometimes going against their party.
having a ruling party with more than 55% of the power seems stupid.
generally the party in the UK with the most seats has something like 50-55% of the seats. the opposition then has 30-40% and the remaining is made up of smaller parties
in the UK the smaller parties don't even control enough seats to cause a non majority.
*looks at UKIPs millions of votes for 1 seat*
whats that, did someone say disproportional representation
To be honest thats an issue with pretty much any country portraying different cultures etc. Like the stereotypes the west has for Asia aren't any better. Japans still in that point in time where culturally to them it's "okay". The UK and the US were once in that time too. With Japan being so conservative it'll probably take a longggggggg time before they finally catch up to the West.
the former will help you as much as possible and quickly. the latter is the one who takes years... which is the usual case sadly.
or someone who doesnt really care
The issue with the DWP is the fact that you either get a really good person that'll get your shit done quickly
and uses.
Subscription models have their proper places
quite different to like FIFA or such.
those are MMOs
when its not a MMORPG that's even worse.
ontop of XBL and PSN?
A subscription service to a AAA title I paid full price for...
Yeah I think thats a better way of saying it Melua.
and then defending that they aren't gambling but surprise mechanics...
but my biggest issue isnt with lootboxes in general its the practise of ham handing them into games to profit as much as possible.
my friend legit had dead ringer got an achievement in a game and was like lmao nvm.
ahah yeah.
thats definitely the smarter way of doing it.
I just remember getting it for my mate in a box :p
orly
dead ringer was cosmetic?
didnt TF2 have the lootbox method of awarded boxes buy keys to unlock?
gender reveal lasagnes are a thing..? I feel like I shouldnt be surprised...
So if you tried to defend yourself, and say he gets knocked down. On the way to the floor he hits his head on a cabinet or some such.. That can be seen as "unreasonable force" even though beyond your original action that wasn't the intention.
we also have reasonable force laws here as well.
And just be prepared for him attempting to spin you trying to do good for everyone as a bad thing.
I mean, stand up to him with the legal system on your side. You probably can't win any other way.
Yeah it will be. Definitely stand up against him. Its been going on for far too long as it is!
imo you shouldve reported him a long time ago for harassment for your own well being. but I know its not that easy of a situation.
definitely... report him. if you dont hes just going to do it again.
still being a harassing dick?
but imo that just leads into favourable for private prisons.
but our prisons are already pretty full
basically its making convicts have to stay for 2/3rds of their sentence instead of 1/2
I mean its both good and bad
cant wait for privatised prisons with continuous stays forever...
the queens speech was also full of loads of very US like law changes etc
classic move so that migrants/lower income people cant vote.
also, Boris Johnson wants to make photo IDs requirements to be able to vote in the UK
thats how russia works right now pretty much
yeah I had a vague idea of that. China is such a mess.. Im not sure which is worse though... the USA's current path of leadership or China's current state.
like insofar as insults to world leaders go... its not really that big of a deal lol
what I dont get is.. if you could be compared to winnie the pooh or a cheeto/orange or whatever which would you pick really.
its just America takes things to extremes so it appears that they cannot.
they can.
Yes we do.
without your child picking up something powerful and shooting things up.
because that way you still have your freedom to own a firearm up to a certain level. AND you can still enjoy pewpewpewpew in reasonable safety
But a civilian should be able to freely enjoy a hobby. Which is why imo guns above a certain level of firerate/power etc should only be kept at a range/specific place under lock and key.
To begin with anyway.
But its not like its unregulated. The regulations just need tightening up.
It is.
especially I hope due to the fact that things have been put in place to help keep it from happening.
the likely hood of someone actually shooting your school up is low.
but when you don't know all the facts...
I don't even live in america.
Im not.
Surprisingly walmart has to follow these things called laws.
https://nationalinterest.org/blog/buzz/reporter-tries-buy-gun-walmart-leaves-twice-empty-handed-76071
want proof?
there is actual process beyond picking it up and taking it to a till
they arent actually sold openly in walmart
its an issue sure.
needs more sure.
yes. and guns are also surprisingly regulated.
I mean there are many a great thing civilians don't really need.
your hands have no use other than as a weapon.
you didn't specify in a school.
you said it has "no use other than a weapon"
no in general
ever heard of hunting?
I mean, it has a use beyond being a weapon.
I mean a student can use a car to kill people in a school btw
it is. you have right to it. and you have a right to the consequences attached to useage of offensive language.
in a public space anyway.
I mean free speech is within reason...
I mean theoretically all your military should be in a none time of war is a back bone.
I mean obviously, you need a military power of some description... But it was never intended to be at the level its at currently.
Isnt it great that having a standing army was never an intention of most countries.
makes sense.
I see.
right.
so it was an addition?
I wonder if the 2nd amendment originally included felons not being able to have access to firearms or not.
I mean it does but not as much as it should.
or rather you can keep the gun its not required obviously.
I think its switzerland is it not that has mandatory military service. you keep the gun. but owning ammo is illegal.
as far as the constitution is concerned anyway
no in the US it is a full on *right* no matter your status within society.
its because other countries that have gun ownership dont have it as a right tbh
like archers dont troll around the streets with their bows do they...
pretty simply.
I mean, in a safe capacity at a gun range is within public safety
I can understand the UNs concern on some level... BUT when there are massive human rights infringements etc happening... It should probably be lower on their priority list ya know..
if labour supported it it wouldnt matter if the DUP didnt.
so Johnsons going to be asking for an extension on saturday by law.
or rather theres a possible deal. HOWEVER due to the DUP saying no it wasnt presentable to the EU leaders at the summit.
theres a deal but the DUP said no.
a company that would have profited greatly said they were "disappointed" NO SHIT SON
because they want money is the real reason ahah
completely negating stopping anyone under 18 from getting on 18+ sites... cuz if those cunts buy cigs... you can bet your ass they can also buy a pass lol
or go to a corner shop and buy a pass for Â£5
yeah so youd require your ID in a state system to access 18+ sites
the UK government gave up on its porn check bs
any such attempt always fails
*police the internet you say*
so really thatd only effect any service providing it under license
its not like the UN is going to go and start a war over it.
and the Japanese government will just shrug its shoulders
all they can really do is ask the Japanese government to do something
yeah
it mentioned loli's in anime/hentai without any real scope if memory serves
like the UNs ban would from my understanding would apply to things like is the order a rabbit (I know it has some fan servicey bits. Without them though I think it would still possibly apply unless Im wrong)
"oh but shes really X age"
yea thats just really fetishy tbh...
there goes a big chunk of animes audience...
just not have any children in anime?
but if the character is legitimately 12... what do you do...?
likeeeeee making a 300 year old character look 12 thats sketchy
from what I understand they want a blanket ban do they not?
I mean theres a difference between straight up child pornography and that character is a 12 year old girl.
they are more precision instruments than what fell on Hiroshima etc
I mean nukes are pretty small now ya know
wouldnt you say that pre world war germany was a very drastically different civilisation to modern germany...
Like, a world war may happen eventually.... and that will change things like it did last time.
WE HAVE FUCKING NAZIS IN THE MODERN WORLD
and that reality? the US and UK sit very close to civil strife. Europe is almost collapsing again.
lul
anyone who thinks otherwise is kind of blind to the reality of things...
we are quite literally falling right now?
but we arent.
a new one is born.
EVERY civilisation FALLS at some point
thats my point.
not really because China went through quite a lot of changes.
one thats been around since the start of our time as human beings.
show me a civilisation structure that has stood the test of time and Ill be surprised.
its really not though?
I mean the East is pretty close too tbh.
the west is pretty ready to implode once again and things will drastically change.
pretty clear. all civilisations fall eventually.
Im not sure if I should look forward to the end of the western world as it currently is.
I mean most western countries have it "relatively good" in some form or another.
that basically tells you everything you need to know about them.. they have no interest in serving actual justice against Trump. They just want the power for themselves.
the dems came out with the fact they wouldnt impeach trump due to causing civil turmoil a year or so ago
I have a very good understanding of wars.
Oh I do.
that makes more sense.
and make it 2-4 strikes
let me change it from 2-4 nukes
nono this means that allies are in communication with each other
and not we fire nukes to start the war
yeah but this would be assuming war has been on going and only just hit nuclear stages
then the first side retaliates again and the other side does before both go "well okay we made our points"
then the other side retaliates
Like its more likely that one side fires a "we told you we would do it" nuke
Nono theres sound logic to this though.
I imagine its actually a really low figure... somewhere between 2-4
you know theres probably a theory on the amount of nukes that would be fired in a war
I mean most people arent it was merely fun tbh.
why do you think I had this faraday cage installed under my skin!
how do you know what worries me.
no thats cats.
But its not impossible.
I mean its improbable and unlikely.
*good thing the US removed those floppy disks this week*
I mean a monkey could load in the floppy disks required..
likeeeeee a different species mayhaps
no but they could be fired by something else.
we arent required to fire those nukes...
I mean technically the world has nukes on it.
heheheh
*whispers its in the worlds interest to end man kind*
which this next general election is either going to make worse... or "better"
I mean the biggest issue with Brexit is the stability within the UK government
Rushing brexit over the last 3 years is the reason brexit is such a big mess.
so Im not going to bother.
I was trying to show you compassion and you threw it back in my face
You didn't even give it a thought.
No.
did you?
did you even consider that maybe I know what you're dealing with?>
sure. but I didnt say anything that you are spouting back at me.
And not over your mental health condition more your attitude.
You're being quite ridiculous.
Im not.
OH WAIT MAYBE I DO
No fucking way I wouldnt know that.
Oh does it.
I didnt say that did I.
you dont have to do that.
thats a fatalistic view as far as Im concerned.
seems like you are to me.
like I don't personally see the point of focusing entirely on a negative aspect of a country.... if I did Id probably go find a desert island somewhere and never leave. But do I want to do that? no. I want to go and see the world I live in... as far as Im concerned thats a part of the meaning of my life.
so is most of the world.
progressing and has progressed are two different things.
no they arent because it is progressing...
plus Japans work culture is progressing to be less.
western companies in other countries still tend to stick to their own work culture.
I said English speaking which entails its a company that has its base in the west
not really.
~~makes it sound easy~~
Just be a translator for an English speaking company that has offices in Japan.
So assuming but anyway I have better things to do. Dont bother kicking me Lily Im out.
I said dislike.
I didnt say hate.
I dislike people like you.
Im not your mate.
Because apparently thats how yelling works now.
I mean if thats yelling then Ill ask you kindly to not yell at me with every single sentence you're constructing.
that isnt yelling.
I did neither.
this is exclaiming!
THIS IS YELLING ON THE INTERNET
I didn't use an exclamation point.
yes it is.
I only said you have a fatalistic view
Where did I say you only deal in negatives
where did I use all caps?
show me where I shouted at you>?
Oh really
Because you are wrong. And you jumped down my throat when I tried to show compassion.
And you do you.
But Im not going to waste my friday night talking to someone whom works only in extremes and refuses to believe they can be happy.
No I really didnt.
those frenchies?
nono we would obviously be 1.0
americans are just brits 0.5 version
*squints at pre-american*
that IS our identity.
theres hundreds of races that make up Britian
roman
germanic?
saxon?
anglo?
celt?
you want to tell me we have an identity? is it viking?
when your country is made up of a massive bastardisation of races already
what identity exactly?
uh
also I can't find the thing I was looking for Rakhi. But it was in effect the start of nationalised health care.
I mean the country would have collapsed regardless of brexit. even if it had gone the other way.
It does not.
Just a note the NHS was technically started by the lib dems.
isnt it "take the deal" or "nope"?
yeah but not "leave or dont leave"
I suppose its because labour dont want to stop brexit.
like a strong don't do it.
isnt their view on brexit dont do it?
since muddy brexit views. also Lib Dems siding with the tories seems odd
unlikely though
a hung parliament works in Labours favour as long as there are enough seats won by third parties that would coalition with them.
after what the tories did to the DUP
after last time?
no way.
nahhhhhhhh
nobody would side with the tories to form a government at this point.
Im just hoping it ends up as a hung parliment again
~~humans are a part of nature but ya know~~
1 vote out of the entire constituancy
nah thats pointless too. Id be like
scottish labour dont stand a chance of ever getting a seat in scotland
I sadly have to vote SNP...
idk why you'd let a country that started a war create a bureaucratic union to make its economy stronger... but thats just me.
but we royally fucked up letting germany be the ones to form it.
closer ties with close people to trade with etc etc.
so we stayed because well it made sense anyway.
so leaving then would mean losing money spent..
after it had already been done
then put it to a vote
a government bought in
well we didnt really want to be bought in to begin with tbh
like a Norway style deal etc.
I mean, there are legitimate reasons to want to trade with the rest of the world more freely.
ITS ALMOST LIKE EXPERTS SAID IT WOULD TAKE AT LEAST 7 years. To start negotiating new deals.
and no. logically speaking you can't cut ties and make new ties within a 3 year period
Brexit is horrifying for the entirity of the EU
theres a maximum group size
yeah its uhm
it does sound counter intuitive.
its too hard to trade with progressives.
thatll sadly never happen.
ehhh pretty fine isnt great though.
relies on a structure thats impossible to achieve.
but at the same time I respect the fact that communism is far too easily exploited
I dislike saying I have communistic views thanks to the wests slandering of what communism is.
ehhhh
ancoms too messy.
there isn't a single party that even holds close to my views.
beyond that, I wouldn't vote for anyone currently.
the only reason Im voting SNP is to stop the tories getting a seat... hopefully.
I mean, personally I wouldn't currently vote for any party.
so does remain.
but not everyone who voted remain wanted the status quo either.
no they didnt
doesnt matter that its a majority of a minority that won.
and thats what should matter insofar as democracy goes.
but on the day we were the minority
like I hate to say it..
no its *some* of the people.
in a big constant cluster fuck of a circle.
and that leaves us where?
"oh no that thing went the other way we didnt want it to go... now we wait till the government we wants in and un do it..."
for that to become practise
that opens a WHOLE gate way
if brexit gets undone by a second referendum
I mean right
even if its one I disagree with.
I cant vote for labour when they won't uphold a vote...
hmmmm
and people decided it was "too expensive"/"too much of a headache" to modernise the system.
aha. yeah I get what youre saying. we did vote allegedly a while back on if we wanted the system to change
well not really anyway.
we dont have a constitution though lol
not massively so though. and its much more worth while and modern than what we have now...
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proportional_representation
you'll still have a majority somewhere. Just everyones properly represented
the scottish government has a PR system and it has a much more representative parliament due to that.
I mean it is and it isnt.
and you can apply that on a much larger scale. You end up with almost half the voting population not being represented.
But those 3.9 whatever million don't have representation due to the way the system works
UKIP would have had more than 1 seat.
so if you have a system that represents that 4 million properly right
probably even more than that actually.
3.5 million of those votes went into seats that UKIP didnt win
if any other party had had that amount of votes they would have had 10-15...
4 million something votes... for 1 seat
look at how UKIP got 1 seat 2 years ago...
with proportional representation you end up with a more actual representative government
nope
yeah thats why its unstable af lol.
based on population.
and seats have varying amounts of votes that go into them
basically whoever gets "the most seats" ends up in parliment
yes.
its made for just two parties.
the systems out of date.
nah its the system
due to our first past the post system. IF we had proportional representation then yes you'd be right
people will vote either tory or labour... to keep either the tories or labour out of power.
because thats not how the UK voting system works.
sadly not
when you look at the party politics/what goes on within etc.
its literally a shit show of "the worst" or "slightly better than the worst"
I mean I wouldn't say Labour are much better at this point...
both main parties need to die off.
I mean the tories have just gone to "we don't care as long as we can smear corbyn"
rich white people.
whilst they use invalid estimates..
and yet... they said they won't apologise for "stating what corbyn has been saying time and time again"
he's not really led a very strong opposition tbh.
and then you win by default.
you only need to smear him so much
even without the DUP the tories still held more seats.
he didnt win.
he lost to the tories on their worst day 2 years ago...
I cant see him winning it.
the removal of Corbyn
say...
no but it wouldnt take much for it to go back that way
they dont field candidates in England for a reason lol.
SNP cant win a majority in westminster by definition
so are parts of Labour
Idk if I want that even though Labour would be a bit better.
The only way to properly attain that is to be self employed.
You should look at more policies than just that before deciding what party to cast your vote for.
The tories have in their manifesto that by 2023 funding for people with autism et el will be 0...
Working class voters: Well yeah but I don't like Corbyn.
Boris: Openly racist, homophobic, anti poor etc etc.
Thats kind of the point.. People don't vote the same way with different systems. Our two main parties if we had a proportional representation system would actually be more smaller parties instead of just the two. Since currently they are in effect very broad on everything.
official letters with your name/address on them etc birth certificate. tbh the nordic countries have the best ID cards... just slap it on your debit card and go.
the thing is you can have ID that is none photo ID
you'll hopefully not do that though.
okay so you're probably going to cough and splutter because you won't know how to breathe properly.
Also don't expect an immediate effect from anything you take. Be that alcohol, weed or prescription medicines. A mistake people make when doing things for the first time is "oh its not having an effect I must need more."
I mean its your first time I imagine your friends have probably done it more than you. So don't let them push you outside of your comfort zone. A reasonable amount is whatever you feel is reasonable, likely one or two draws. Random question have you ever smoked a cigarette before? Because you ideally wouldn't take that much you should be fine 3 hours later. Its best to explore these types of things slowly so you can gauge limits etc.
Taking the time to learn things when you're young is important. Being naive of the world can be dangerous.
Im not saying that as a "go do stupid things". But more of a perspective of age.
everyone I knew would go and get drunk on friday nights etc when I was 12-17. but I was too worried about the consequences... both of my younger brothers took the opportunities I didn't. and neither had any real ramifications.
and thats taking the opportunity to bend the rules where I could.
Ill tell you one thing I massively regret from my youth
but one day you'll look back and have an understanding of why it was silly to see things that way as was mentioned.
like... you can live without a relationship. but with your current philosophy you'd be passing up the possibility of having an extremely fulfilling one because you're already content without one. if that makes sense.
and thats perfectly fine if you're content to live that way. but one day imo you may find yourself in a predicament.
what you don't want to do now. might change down the line.
a risk worth taking is entirely subjective to your point of view.
life is full of experiences built upon risks and the ability to correctly judge those risks.
Your mind is always under your control even whilst high. Weed doesn't alter your perception and I doubt you'd do more than just one or two puffs at most. Which is likely to just cause you to feel a bit more relaxed.
you see everything that can be plastic in your life?
oh you dont know?
nothing more christian than dinosaur fuel.
you mean the oil companies you have ties to would lose money
gotta be against weed cuz its too good for everything
like try most reasonable things at least one time.
Id suggest trying it at least once
thats a great childrens story 10/10
I told him to chill and play some floyd
in hospital
my friend once had a bad trip on anesthetics
all of pink floyd
thats fair too
Ill never understand chasing a high for a good time.
just be responsible.
I mean take them once for an experience at some point
thats fair enough
sorry I don't do herion so theres not a dragon for me ðŸ˜‰
must be hard to get to the cheese with a dragon in the way?
you fiend!
as addictive as herion
cheese is more addictive than weed...
yeah its not addictive.
whats not addictive?
its only flavoured production I think
*subaru drivers weep*
or flavoured anyway
heard thats illegal in murica now
so he's the example of what not to do.
I mean his life is literally... drugs all the time.
he is a bit of an idiot mind you.
how to make cookies in 6 hours or more.
I mean... it didn't help he would decide it was a good idea to be high before he started making them.
and thats after making them for a while.
I've seen my youngest brother make them before and have him go "oops thats a lot stronger than I wanted it to be"
but teenagers making edibles...
I mean, it'd be a better experience for a non smoker for sure.
yeah but edibles can be pretty strong.
*not that I have experience in that I swear*
because we've been in a state of peace for so long
I was told that people have forgotten when we use to be at war all the time with Europe.
and moving to Japan.
all I can say is... Im moving south asap... getting a higher paying job... saving like crap
so that leaves... 15 tory recessions...
1 of which was the icelandic bank crash...
and 4 have been under labour governments...
like... theres been 19 or something recessions...
you know the statistics for recessions for tory vs labour over the past 100 years is stupid?
I mean we are still in a recession.
like.. at what point do people start accepting the current economic climate is due to the tories and not labour from 20 years ago...
vote for the tories to fix 9 years of the tories.
the west is FAR too good at "ooohhhh look communism"
he's been painted too successfully as a communist.
I mean thats the biggest success of the modern tory party
yeah thats true
wouldve been so different.
if he had decided a stance on brexit wayyyy sooner
Corbyns failure was just not having a strong enough opposition for a shit tory government
for differing reasons
neither is electable.
I mean they are both problematic in the sense that in Americas eyes
yeah just look at Corbyn
also have Bernie and Hillary given up being a thing yet?
hasnt it already started?
if you own mars you dont own space
if you own space you own mars
like not to be a dick but can a bunch of old white men just keel over?
Im not looking forward to this next US election
nah the Donald says space is more important than Mars right now
~~US invades Mars~~
did someone say mars oil?
because theres no way not to have that happen :p
theres going to be some slim % of oil that is dinosaurs
part of it is.
but what are turkey dinosaurs made of?
and yes oil is used in the process of making plastic
but anyway hemp can make plastic replacements
well hemp is a form of cannabis
but they won't forget the rise of "communism"
HELLO WAR
when the EU inevitably collapses...
*but America can't be fascists they're the good guys*
republicans are happily handing over their guns because Trumps the one doing gun control laws..
Yeah probably. He was in for the win to begin with anyway really.
oh Im completely aware. I think its just great. Is he aiming for "do as much as the opposite as what I said to begin with as possible."
at one point... this seems like the opposite?
I swear I remember Trump saying "something something get our guys out of the middle east something something end wars something something".
I mean it was a mess as in underage draftees etc
Like... it was a bit of a mess in WW2.
I can't imagine a modern day draft going well at all.
fight a war I don't agree with or a 3 meals a day and a games console?
Id love to be given the option of the draft or prison.
cuz if you stop buying their shit they don't have a company.
like... why do advertisers advertise to you?
and eventually they run out?
because if they stop then no-one joins
I wouldnt worry about a draft.... Most militaries are wayyyyyy over manned as it is.
The thing is that Japan is such a different place to the west.. Its likely nothing will happen because of that. What shes admitted to would be grooming. Unless theres a lot more to the interview?
whats repaying a student loan? ðŸ¤”
yeah thats what I was thinking when I heard it.
supposedly this move may actually get things to de-escalate. Which is interesting... Basically I see that as "we both did a bad thing so lets stop now okay?"? Also it's unlikely to become a world war because of how all the NATO allies are distancing themselves currently. Logically this should make any sane minded person go "Oh.." but then... Big daddy Trump isn't really intelligent in the conventional sense.
but Trump has just gone... make them go against it mode as much as possible.
I dunno the deal that still exists for all the other countries who signed it... would have been fine
it wouldnt be surprising for him to get a "new better deal totally the best deal for us" and then go "I had it all along guys!"
I reckon this entire thing has been Trumps play to get a new nuclear plan with Iran so he can say he did it...
That would be extremely irresponsible.. Shooting things down on purpose...
I like all the Americans that actually believe the lie of war in the middle east for peace
this is why governments are shit.
expecting anything else from them is... stupid really.
no their job is to create drones for the work force.
they don't have time or the inclination to actually try to help students.
what do you expect from a public schooling system though.
the only person who can decide if its too soon or not really is you.
different people move at different speeds.
nobody noes what thats like.. *cough*
I mean uh
yeah pretty similar with most of the world tbh...
ah yes its because of the communism
hey wait a minute!
I mean it totally worked... until America came along
but anyway.. you have to be pretty far down the rabbit hole to believe that endless conflict for profit is the way you get peace...
I can never remember because its always such a fuck up
How long has America been at war in the middle east now? Since the 80s?
ahah a considerable amount more.
or smoking about 4 tonnes of it.
hm. who told you that?
your public schools could be better who knows. take into account I was 8 almost 20 years ago now.
but I couldnt spell well at all.
I mean I could read but not on any decent level.
public schooling.
but it took... until I was 8 before someone noticed I couldn't actually read or spell.... so if no-one had noticed it could've gone into senior school and then I'd probably have been treated as a troublesome student/put into classes a lot lower than would have been academically challenging for me.
so that 1 teacher over 1 year who has 30 pupils to look after doesn't really get a lot of time to actually notice absolutely everyones strengths/weaknesses.
the first 6 years of schooling.
you have a different teacher each year.
the year size was 100+
not really. the class size in England was 30 pupils.
I mean, if my mum didn't pick up on it even. but then I still got a lot more help because of smaller class sizes.
the school didn't have any real system for assisting people like me. so I had a lot of private tutoring/my mum put in a lot of time to remedy the issue and I went from being bottom of my class to basically the top of it.
like... I went to a public school all my life. if I hadnt of moved to scotland my dyslexia and inability to read might not have been picked up until I was in my teens
and the teachers actually... teach better?
other than the fact that private schooling has a better curriculum... thats usually ahead of public schooling
its sad... because you do get people who excel from it if they get the right teachers etc... but in general its to serve the masses... so instead of everyone excelling theres only a few. the difference between public and private schooling is insane.
when you feel like lifes going kinda half decent. but then you get knocked down a heap. wooo.
I use to eat breakfast before going to work. which I felt made me feel more hungry by the time I next ate.
yeah thats not too bad.
ahh low blood sugars a different thing. I imagine you eat something small though? most people do it wrong and have like a big breakfast right after waking up.
on a note you shouldn't eat breakfast as soon as you wake up. you're unlikely to actually need it. tis best eaten 1-2 hours after you're awake.
its fine if Im keeping my brain occupied. and ooft lectric.. I know that feel.
Yeah that makes sense. Its only towards one train of thought really though.
Focus Aya! Biggest and easiest losses are indeed water and sugar/carbs weight. But gogo! ðŸ™‚ So today I'm trying something new... whenever I start having a train of thought I dislike... I'm trying to get into the habit of just going "I don't care." apparently that can work.
I failed my eating healthier this evening for obvious reasons. Alas..
I mean, you'd be surprised. One day you'll find a bunch of weirdos that are your kind of weird and be like "how the fuck did this happen..."
I wouldn't seek them out as such but let it be natural.
to the right people you're interesting I'm sure.
But basically I got made to feel bad about the obsessiveness I use to have due to my overthinking from my anxiety and now life feels shit. Woo.
but one that was mostly one sided because I didn't have an interest in arguing.
basically an argument
uh
I had someone have a go at me today and make me feel like absolute shit. ðŸ˜¦
oh ouch I know those feels. :/
Better day tomorrow. Fridays the best day of the week... Download all my seasonal anime and spend time watching everything. Or saturday depends on airdates really. :p
yeah... ah well :p
this was before/as they started dating too... probably to make me look even worse in her eyes... which worked I guess.
mhm. and the context lectric is I saw this friend as confidant and thus sent some rather... should be kept between friends type messages about how I felt about this girl. And he not only showed her but other people too.
oh my "friend" who I thought I could trust that is dating this girl has legitimately broken that trust so.. woo.
thankfully my beta blockers actually help to keep me a lot less anxious.
I was amazed yesterday when the person that is the centre of a lot of my anxiety had an argument with me and I was calm, cool and collected and basically refused to play her game.
but seriously I wish I couldve come to the conclusion I have done 2 years ago.
NO I HATE IT
yup. cant have surface knowledge or you're a fake fan.
elitismmmmmmmm
decided her opinions don't matter to me and I'm a lot better off for it. ðŸ˜„
I didnt argue back. I just full on gave up.
yeahhhhh
I mean I could name 5 then but I was only just starting out...
right?
her logic behind it was that I could only name 1 anime studio at the time...
did I mention about the other day when I had that argument that, that girl thinks I feigned interest in anime and her logic behind it? I cant remember if I did or not.
but as has been said its super unlikely anyone would bother.
like with your bookmarks etc
itll be saved in your accounts data.
I use to set the cache level of my broswer super low on purpose so itd break to waste time.
they cant lock you out of that lol.
can definitely clear your history.
what browser was it on?
and anyone who believes that something can be flawless isnt really looking.
in my view theres no perfect anime.
self importance probably..
you fake fan Aya you.
24
ah fair. ones 27 and the other is uhm
I think Yumi means who Im on about voyeur
increased stress level D:
I would say thats a usual reason to be restless.
its also both of their first serious relationship.
yeah.. its been 7 months apparently since they started dating (my friend didnt tell me until like... october.. top friend) they're moving in together at the start of feb.
yeah I meant to write that and went wrong ahah
"you dont like this as much as me? peasantry!"
like everyones jealous of them in their opinion etc.
its funny ever since shes been in a relationship with my was friend they've both been acting like their the best thing since sliced bread.
derailment.
yeah true.
cuz thats time I could spend watching anime
but Im not gonna dedicate hours to trawling the internet for it.
Ill check out some studios/VAs every now and then and see what they have done to see if I wanna watch it.
but some VAs have such range its harder to tell.
"I know this voice..."
it depends how much attention Im paying. most of the time Ill go
that girl was pretty surprised when I said I didn't want to waste my breath... I didnt see where an argument would go anywhere constructive so why bother.
that fucking arc.
if you couldnt figure out where darling in the franxx was going with its story in either arc though... I feel bad for you.
never seen a bigger dumpster fire.
ahah the reactions of Ichigo fucking them over was top tier.
ho boy was that funny to observe.
now I just enjoy the show and dont really interact with the fandom... like when I watched darling in the franxx
see I use to think that I would never watch JoJos because of how memey the fandom was...
some of them matched the source pretty well and others were definitely a bit out of place
all I know is that I find it funny regardless of the Miku stuff. the level of animation queues etc. like if the Miku wasnt turned up to 11 billion it wouldn't hurt.
alright.
I mean if that criticism is in death threats so...
seems childish.
so death threats are acceptable?
and comedy is subjective so
like parody isnt always meant to be liked.
I mean thats the entire point of parody though
makes sense.
<@!188714906143424513> just watched Discordgear... How can anyone hate this..  this is like... top tier effort parody.
I took all 6 years of high school. but America's education system is vastly different to the UKs.
Just go with the flow Scrmz! At the worst you end up with a really good friend in life.
anyway I gotta go shower and iron clothes and stuff before I leave for weathering with you so ciao.
patriotic workers*
the US public schooling system is primarily used to create workers for the work force.
:p
because the US schooling system is blatantly a brainwashing system and nothing else really.
what age do you start high school at in Murica again? lol
like you can't just decide to not go to school if you don't have another option.
can leave high school at 16 but you have to have very legitimate reasons for doing so.
it is in the UK but you have to be leaving to do a college course/apprenticeship
gotta love auto correct.
some people are going to prefer not to have a role that states what they are gender wise.
mines 6.2" I think
I just have big hands as well.
I mean my phones a big phone
I dont swipe. My phones the right size for my hands though
Id not use it but Im too lazy to actually try to write things properly on my phone anymore
It *could* become a pandemic very quickly but its extremely unlikely it would. The biggest issue is of course for those who would suffer the most from influenza. So the old/young etc. But yeah usual media panic bullshit really.
the only reason the corona virus is a worry right now is due to the lack of vaccine against it.
not even surprised they'd try that.
Lmao that coin.
still doesnt require an "OMG ITS THE NEW BLACK PLAGUE WE ALL GONNA DIE AGAIN BITCHES" level of media coverage that its getting
sure theres probably more cases than is being stated all over the place
nah a lower suspension arm isnt too bad generally... or it shouldn't be. Idk whats actually bent yet hopefully its nothing too massive.
Yeah not the first time winters been a bitch last time was a few years ago though.
like 30mph was the physical "fastest" I can go speed because the car was just all over the shop and I barely did that when I could.
5-10mph
so I literally pay off the last lot of repairs tomorrow... to now have to probably pay almost Â£400 again in repairs because of snow >.>
Im fine. I wasnt going too fast thankfully. However... The wheel baring is fucked and possibly a control arm or some such is bent out of shape...
so uh... crashing your car into a ditch is 100% fun for all the family... and bank account...
Sooo the verdicts in about my car... Just the wheel bearing and a bent track rod end. That's not too bad.
Beethoven was fucking deaf Lectric..
*can't be a real composer because I don't have an ear for pitch*
Id say so.
I think Jacob Reese-Mog moved all his money to China, sold his apartment or whatever in london and then rebought it for *less money* because he made money moving it out of the country. ðŸ¤·
he said he's done the same and I really can't blame him for it.
oh it will. I have a friend who is a millionaire and when we talked about it he said literally anyone with money is moving it out of the UK asap.
low carbon miles, generally free range foods etc.
but personally buying from your local butcher is the best option anyway.
they will want to sell it to us because its part of what they want to export.
I mean we are likely to hit a really hard recession in like 20-30 years.
Then we just won't buy them from America... Derp.
Trump has stated once again that the NHS will be paying more for drugs.
cant buy fresh? theres perfectly good frozen chicken to a high standard thats non EU anyway..
nah man chickens already dirt cheap
who the fucks going to buy that shit.
the thing is that we have such good live stock here like...
we then cry in economic ruin if we aren't earning more than Â£100k a year.
we then make trade deals with the US which is 1000% going to be shit for us.
basically we make a trade deal with the EU which is 100% definitely going to be worse for us.
*wait a minute... didn't we already have that anyway... oh well I guess the Â£350 million thats definitely going to the NHS every week is totally worth while... Wait you mean thats NOT ENOUGh to make a difference?!*
WOOOOOOO WOOOOOOO
YAY SOVREIGNTY!
whilst they spend 11 months bashing together more deal stuff.
now we wait.
add on the fact that people just want shit finished to that as well.
nothing gets covered.
meanwhile tory MPs get fired for literally being anti semetic
ah yes the Labour party is anti semetic
*burying her head*
definitely not well to say the least.
oh thats not Scotlands oil though apparently lmao.
who definitely was getting it done...
and then we got May
I love the human rights codes that we fucking wrote being too much for us lmao.
yeah pretty much... like the way its been handled is absolutely shocking and I really hope the EU kind of shafts us due to that. But then that feeds into the "EU BAD" that the far right likes so much
like "lets be friends but fuck you" cuz that works.
But its the way and reasons we are leaving that are.
I mean, leaving the EU isnt the end of the world.
doesnt he know hes a slave?
oh no he cant have that
career goals right there.
fucking immigrants taking all the jobs... pft.
OR ANY FOOD AT ALL BECAUSE I REFUSE TO WORK IN A SLAUGHTER HOUSE
OR MY MECHANIC?
or the local supermarket?!
what dya mean without them we wouldnt have an NHS
like oh no the EU migrants they so bad.
because surprise surprise all the young generations fuck off to europe/else where
honestly Id love it if in 10-20 years time after all the elderly dont have state pensions etc to rely on because the government needed that money for other stuff
whilst generating little to no money because no-ones fucking spending.
they arent fucking saving money they're spending almost as much as they say Labour would!
the thing is as well that Austerity at this level just doesnt work
they'd take a bail out from China before that.
oh dont be silly
thats basically the only two real options.
I mean we will crash and either recover or end up requiring a bail out from someone
what they mean by a recession now is that the economy dips below a growth figure and thats bad because we still have stuff to pay off from 50 years ago.
thats how long they take to recover from
we've been recovering from recessions since the 1900s
oh no
how the fuck are we going to grow more than Germany I mean really.
vs a country that has fuck all...
a country that has an extremely strong industrial economy
like next year the UK is supposedly going to grow more than germany etc
they havent even gotten out of the last recession
all Ill say is I hope I can move south get a decent job save up and leave.
so immigration is going to increase from non EU countries.
when we make new trade deals Visas are going to be a part of that.
I mean we havent gained any control really.
thats about it really.
control of our borders
sovreignty
the tory solution isnt to solve poverty but to just let the poor die.
because they are poor
"I have lots of money this means I get more money"
basically Solo the benefits are
theres the possibility a *lot* of young people will leave the country.
a lot of people will die/lose jobs.
and we're just about to go back to when we were at war all the time probably.
50 years?
I mean we've had peace in europe for like
give it a few years itll go back up again
tell that to the right in Italy, France and Germany then :p
lmao nobody? really?
but its too half of one thing and half another.
in theory.
I mean its a good idea
theres a lot of talk of "dont want to be there" coming up in a lot of major countries.
nah its actually at a point of breaking though
but I mean thats a "may" implode and less of a definite.
so at least we get to avoid the implosion I guess.
the only good thing is the fact that the EU is basically barely stitched together currently. and its quite likely to fall apart with a bit more right wing nationalism appearing in a lot of major countries
thatll show em
we beat the EU
we did it
cant wait to be a tax haven.
also why would student celebrate leaving the EU? lmao
thats just student things
I have a personal loan and a credit card as well :/
rip
and the government can go suck a fat one :p
but most of thats student debt
same.
ðŸ¤·
because thats how governing bodies work
thatll eventually become corrupt
and make a new better system...
we need to over throw the government.
I mean monarchy aside like
the chances of that happening? nil.
I mean what we need is a revolution.
all they meant was that people had a right to a lovely set of bear arms on their wall and it was all taken out of context.
its perfectly legal to own a firearm in most of Europe.
not true.
same in the UK
America has a justice system? since when?
Not often but sometimes... It can be hard to find the reason to keep going. But its there and its well worth it.
Good luck. Remember its a compromise when it comes to the actual talk with your parents. So do your best to underline with your therapist how you'd like things to change for the better of your mental health but that you do understand some structure in life is required.
Oh yeah I could see that too tbh.
Trumps economy boom was pretty much down to everything Obama put in place... We won't see the full effect of Trump on the US economy for a bit longer yet.
nah. its more likely the republicans are going to fuck up massively tbh
they didnt learn last time with Hillary... so why would they learn now?
just kidding.
buh buh pokemon go go to the polls! ðŸ˜¢
but now everythings more expensive for the sake of it.
so you don't actually go anywhere.
so one of the reasons that jumping up minimum wage jobs for example is the fact it would spike goods prices way up too.
you basically have a balancing act
theres natural inflation due to demand of goods etc.
well you can't
the states is too corparatistic.
its actually a part of why Scandinavian Democratic Socialism works so well.
out of economic structures capitalism is definitely one of the better ones.
you need an economic structure to use in society. sadly America's isn't fully capitalism.
I mean capitalism is pretty good.
and to reflect the fact that everyone now gets $1000 the price of services also go up.
yup.
whilst the other 20 whatever flats go for sale and affordable housing in the area isnt a thing.
"this 550k little flat and those other 4 are for social housing"
should be investing in proper borough housing and the like but instead they let a developer build a big ass luxury flat plot and go
its like social housing in london is done really ehhh.
so the demand to own houses makes the price of housing go up.
because its one less house for sale
well you are.
that doesnt help with prices either.
ah yes the tory life.
sure I get that. but she had a lot of money when we moved here and could have bought something more sensible.
I mean, thats not what I'm saying. there are lots of people who struggle to get by. but there are those who could live comfortably but don't and it perplexes me.
shes literally killing herself working 80 hour weeks for no benefit.
my mums mortgage for example is ridiculous but she insists she has to have this house.
idk it doesnt make sense to me.
some people just go "finance this finance that finance that. live in this area"
I mean, some people save up thats fair.
but you'd be putting yourself into a negative area to have things.
no they arent.
and you go into debt
its out width your means.
but you can't afford it.
or an expensive phone
or a tv
better?
when you need food on the table
why have that xbox one on finance
okay
I mean thats just an example
why have that Audi RS8 Avant etc etc
yeah but like c'mon Rakhi... commuting can be cheaper than paying over the odds on rent.
like why live in central london in a stupidly high priced apartment on a 60k income.
but also... if you're living in an area above your wage then.. you should probably look else where or commute
I mean for some people yes
if you're paid 16k a year and have a 25k a year lifestyle no wonder your quality of lifes not good.
People living out width of their actual income really don't help themselves.
I mean I'll say just this.
but you need to take into account the individuals abilities etc.
I mean you can look at the numbers from a purely statistics point of view.
affordable housing and the likes.
if you work 38 hours a week 52 weeks a year thats a lot of money.
the difference in the UK is about Â£2/hr.
it is but a minimum wage is different to an actual living wage
but how do you get that without effecting everything else? plus when you up minimum wage jobs then you also up higher paying jobs by default.
maybe a few luxuries here and there. *should* be what minimum wage jobs represent.
like comfortable living, heating, water, electricity, clothes, food on the table etc.
with only one job and not a lot.
like.. people at the lowest end  *should* get paid enough that they can live comfortably.
it could be inline with growth.
you'd need the rate of inflation to say its substantial or not.
9 to 15 over 5 years is "heres a bit more" 3 times.
9 to 15 in a year is boom heres the new figure enjoy.
not really.
I mean a jump from 9 to 15 in a year.
not boom heres the new figure enjoy.
yeah thats over time
0 economic effect... really?
not small % increments over time?
just jumping it up to the level immediately
I mean like californias idea of increasing minimum wage would be a disaster.
its a challenge.
though since you can't get on windows at all.. and dont have the possibility to make a linux boot disk...
plus they only require one password to access windows and nothing else. if they even needed access to windows.
if you're that worried about it.
just encrypt your storage drives.
just imagining absolutely huge ticks literally hunting people...
I kinda usually wait till the weekend to watch everything
Im behind on mahou shoujo site. and thats it. got 1 off season show as well.
I need to watch steins;gate 0. But this is my first season of watching seasonal anime.. and 8 anime seems enough currently heheh.
theres NO way this can go wrong.
unless lemme just send an email real quick...
yeah cant undo the past
and during the weekend I kinda dont wanna over do staying up and wrecking that. but 3 day weekend this weekend so hmmmmm
british. its just cause my normal sleeping pattern is wake up at 4am
this is tempting cause k-on is on my list of stuffs to watch.. buh I feel like Ill fall asleep. :p
though it might be 94 minutes I dont even know
listing something as GMT when the UK is currently BST hurtz
:p
fuck me
34 minutes
no
wait
94 minutes.
when you just cant stop listening to sora yori mo tooi baso's OST... whys it so good.
tbh I was saving it for when I ran out of comic girls.. cause I kinda like having at least one cute girls series going for uh incase of bad days. :p but watching with other people sounds more fun than watching it alone ^.^
Im so hyped to watch K-on.. literally counting down.. should really watch the 3-4 episodes I have left of other stuff for this week.
Ill just join on saturday I think. gonna make a start on psycho pass tonight.
then drop them one by one right?
if Im not super duper dead Im game af for a fun time watch along experience. never done it before ;D
getting joining match failed ðŸ˜¦
holy fuck this osu update
I miss the days of living in a city...
95% updated...
yeah stop making Alice do stuff
cant wait to see what downloading beatmaps is like ahah
zzzz
I just need to update osu heh
I got it
how do I do disssssss
need bancho
argh
uh it says osu is not detected for me
discord why do you insist on having a shit tier overlay
well Ill have to put pizza in the oven at half 11.
woo
oh man minimized my browser to a Chris wallpaper
lemme see I think my OSU might need updating
I cant even do beginners tracks ðŸ˜¢
IM SO BAD AT OSU PLEZ NO
itll take me years
and if it requires dling
what you got
uh
its okay I have grancrest to watch anyway
OH MAN
time zones are confusing
pizza gotta cook fast dammit
just waiting for someone to say they are using a standing desk.
plus you should really stand up every so often for health reasons!
cause.. nature calls sometimes yo.
every 3-4 episodes
5 minute breaks
I mean like
also, are there gonna be breaks at points?
okay time to put pizza in the oven
ouch
I unfortunately cant just drop off to sleep even when Im exhausted Ill always know where I stopped doing something
easy sleep ;D
though if Ive watched an episode of cute girls before bed
overthinking OP
but sometimes I just cant get to sleep.
see sometimes Im like that
a couple of years ago I was late every week by like 2-3 hours lolol
too often
its okay so long as I dont turn up late for work
yeahhhhhh
3 day weekends kill meh.
Im so awake rn. works not gonna be fun tuesday.
I mean wut
do a line you nerds. heheh
lose steam?!
C rank on normal woo.. 80% accuracy hype
okay so Ive got my score up on the day solo to like.. decent ahah
sounds like it should be cake
no I didnt even eat any of it before you ask
I once accidentally put apple juice in my cereal
I went shopping earlier and was like "Ima get some snacks to be safe"
how to
lol milk and pizza
that could be fun tho
and I have mikado as well.. cause Im a nerd
pizzaaaaaaa at midnight
indeed. looking forward to the continuation ;D
made it
upped my ovens temp to 220 to hopefully cook faster.
stop reading omg. also I totally miss timed pizza.
I dont have the funds to protect myself!
gonna invade my infinite pizza.
well done Cypher. now they all know.
imagine if the americans found out
thats dangerous
there is only a finite amount of pizza
it has to end
I mean
who knows.
or the earth ends
after this pizza wakes me up I should be good to do whatever till people drop dead
glad we agree.
9000
at least
Ill probably no filler run it
the thing is that if I watch something long these days
I was gonna watch that at some point I think ahah
rofl
the anime that never ends.
ahahah
who needs a life.
or one piece?
we are watching all of naruto right?
intime
but it should be done
forgot I really needed to heat up the baking tray before I put it in.
heheh
definitely needs to be scaled in memes though
there should be a scientific scale for suffering life.
we should all accept that.
life is just suffering.
do I throw you a snickers?
what happens when you're gay and tired
welllllll thats a hard question now isnt it
I hope Alice isnt too tired or gay right now.
just one moar day to go whoop.
yay not having to wait to midnight to watch stuffs wooo!
lol
racism
you didnt paste a url :p
rude
ikr
got my first S the other day tho whoop
Im still getting good at newb stuffs.
lets not be hasty now ye
lul
also Ibu I've been playing an unholy amount of Osu... and its all your fault. >.<
are we gonna manage all 8 eps we have left or just stopping when people feel like it again?
tis the anime that changed my entire perspective upon anime and broke alot of stigmas I had.
like Ill never stop loving it.. when I was watching it every day I was excited to see the next episode when I had to sleep etc.
not gonna lie.. symphogear is probably the anime Im always going to be the most hyped for.. even though I didnt find out about it till basically the end of AXZ
all day today Ive had don't say lazy running through my head...
ouch
I say Im not a massive fan, its more the type of thing Ill just watch and not really care about/enjoy at the time so to speak.
thats a shame. Im not a massive high school harem fan. but I think I saw some funny youtube clips and was like "that looks stupid why not"
if its as good as you guys are saying I could probably finish it by tomorrow.
alright its decided cavalry it is
rakudai kishi no cavalry or rokudenashi majutsu koushi to akashic records have been on my PTW for a while. so possibly one of those
might watch something ecchi for a change of pace
got quite a lot to watch that length and I can if I really want to finish one a day almost depending on how good it is.
might watch some quick 12 ep ones
I havent seen that no but I have a hugeeeeee backlog to work through so I may as well add it ahah
trash but so great
when I started finding anime by myself.
it was one of the first ones I came across
yes
hm?
a political degree can literally take you anywhere lululul
also just finished psycho pass. time for a new back log to watch
exactly.
tsch.
and our government thinks 25Mbps is super fast.
korea has fucking 1Gbps capabilities
and they consider that "ultra fast"
or some crap
by 2022
25Mbps is our governments goal
LOLOL 30Mbps
you cant even get 25Mbps lol
outside certain parts of london
not even kidding you
that has the worst internet capabilities ever.
welcome to a leading tech country
trueee
Ah I wasn't counting the ova. :p
Sooo what's happening with the last 3 eps of k-on, usual time?
ja
ahah the little sister damn. and some grade A quality fan service all over the shop I see lmao
gonna watch a couple of more episodes after some Osu
just finished ep1 of cavalry. ahah I am sooo prepared for this Tsundere'ing
Id hope so otherwise cutting it off woulda been the first thing to do.
seriously though hope its not anything super major.
but itll solve all your problems...
have you tried removing the leg?
we shall have to brainstorm a good name.
ighttt
dat pic lol
not here idk
everyone else seems to be uh
ruh roh
ahhh
<@!284390402210136064>  why u no here
kind of not good?!
that sounds uh
I see I see
yeah that too.
hows that not tick all your boxes Alice?!
and yuri elements
but there are cute girls
can't even load pages rn
I think Ibu just means as in general
Id leave my ISP but itd make no difference to me :/
Id be complaining to get free shit before then
I think you need to yell at your ISP
stop downloading all that mutiny gawd
reeeeeee
I am as prepared as I can be for madoka I think
I havent even installed mutiny lul
last thing I knew this morning it was 3:30am. next time I woke up it was 5:20am. ;D
still made it to work on time
and I woke up late for work today so no chancing anything ahah
I get up at 4am :p
lol 6 hours. I have work at 6am tomorrow Ibu. we can definitely get a decent way through it at least
MAL is about the only forums I use other than the symphogear reddit. and then Im only looking at threads for stuff I've already watched so/
I just dont browse alot of anime related sites tbh
lmfao
idk why people have so much trouble with it :/
its really easy to go unspoiled guys
K-On season one completed whoop
Think I've been once in the last.. 15 years
Ew. Haven't been to a McDonald's in years.
Being too liberally minded? It's a nice day I kinda want a bbq..
For another 2 hours. :(
I'm still at work.
Bring on the madoka.
Mines not!
No your line was edited.
Oh thank god.
mah food... mah food is going to be really badly timed tonight D:
Desu
we have Dess right here
ikr Ibu
brb real quick
and nothing memory intensive. also shut my PC down every night so
but I have like 6 tabs open at most
Im using 140MB rn
firefox as back up. andddddd TOR if I need it.
its not as bad as it use to be though
I use chrome as my daily browser
I  mean chrome
welcome to RAMhog
where do you live south korea?!
Im ready
foods almost ready last few minutes zzzz
lol
so no rush
youve got like 20 minutes Alice
I mean I can wait happily. just curious as to when is all heh
ight so no Madoka today... buh whennnnn
so whens the next madokaaaaa fest?
leggo
ight
then grabbing pizza
just finishing legion
Im here
hope my internet stops being a dick
forgot we start at 11pm BST on saturdays lmfao.
yeah I had a look at it on MAL. might add it at some point
honestly cant remember though. I dont particularly write down dates of starting/finishing stuff heh
because I played epic catch up over like two weeks so me and my friend had loads to discuss.
actually I might have started a week before AXZ started airing
I think I started when AXZ was on episode 3... being aired.
uhh lets see if I can figure out when I started watching gear
that is something under 5 minutes episode length.
ahah oh its short style not watched one of those before.
yeah 92 completed. 10 watching 1 rewatch for if I lose internet
in november when I made my MAL and actually started exploring anime by myself I think I had about 20-30 things watched... now Im up to like 90 something.
my goal for this year is to hopefully have seen around 200 things by the end of the year
cool cool :p
instant sale right there.
ohhh I see its got Aoi in it as well.
I have not. looks like another add to the list..
I use to be really like focused/centered entirely around the action/scifi genres. but Im glad that stopped being a thing
chill shows make up a decent chunk though because well.. chill?
if that makes sense
I dont really have a style so to speak... like.. Ill watch pretty much anything dependant upon my mood and what Ive just finished watching/what Im watching on season.
mhm
otherwise Ill just keep going "I dont want to watch something that long right now" all the time and my backlog wont get smaller cause Ill end up adding more stuff thats of a similar length.
I kind of need to sit down and just blitz through a bunch of 2 cour series'
its been on my suggested anime from MAL for months lol.
nah. not even added it to my backlog as of yet.,
youjo senki?
depending on who made the map.
not that thats impressive since most of them are like 2/3/4 stars.
if I find a good song that pushes me ahead again Ill be good. Ive got quite a few S's on the songs I do play. And alot of the time I can perfect pretty much anything at my current skill level.
Im at a peak of like... skill currently and not really attempting to push higher currently.
nah kinda need a break from that as well ahah
not sure if I want to watch the seasonals that have come out so far this week today... or leave it for a binge watch tomorrow like I always do.
currently deliberating what to do... its a long weekend, Ive had a takeaway... and spent most of my day after work chilled doing pretty much nothing...
but I can read fast enough to take in a scene anyway.
it does.
it kinda.. just ruins it for me.
I cant watch dubbed anime anymore
ah. I watched a silent voice on kiss... with absolutely god awful subs I think as well. heh.
hmm?
if Hinamatsaru doesnt get a second season etc... just kind of annoying that Id like hard copy manga not digital. but digital translated is easier to get for obvious reasons.
I dont read manga but I feel like I might have to start
ðŸ˜„
oh and just entirely dropping the source to piss everyone off after 3 chapters.
and cutting 8 trillion chapters from the source.
is entirely due to the money machine.
I always thought that the reason anime turns out shitty sometimes
yeahhh his early shorts are absolutely amazing. I didnt expect to get so connected to a character in 5 minutes... was like damn.
I mean I have an interest in Aoi, Nana and such. Just I'm not overtly looking into what they are doing all the time? :p obviously if Shinkai brings out another film Ill be all over that shit. Other than that I feel like what I watch is so varied between studios trying to keep up to date with them all would be kinda killer for me.
I dont think Ill ever get to the level of tracking seiyuus/directors.. at least not beyond like casual interest if that makes sense
mhm maybe. Ill see. depends how well my internet stays stable for
so uh, whats happening insofar as next watchs?
fair.
true.
yeah obviously. you wouldnt have the human race burning across the stars *without* the zentradi
Im yet to watch frontier delta or 7.
well the original kinda just sets the human race burning across the stars trope for the series' right?
is original macross even required for the other series'... painful triangle.
Yeah I can see what you mean.
seems to have worked woo
gonna go restart my net see if it sorts out my issues
anyway I filled out the spreadsheet in a non disabled way. gonna go get actual food since all Ive had to eat since yesterday at like 10:30am is a sandwich.
yay! wait...
does being high count as a disability?! ðŸ¤”
I like the way <@!127644949884698624> has just put "Yes" to everything.
Lul. Uhm I'll say what time/days good for me when I get home.
also I just remembered this week theres no normal ep of darling in the franxx its another special fml
sounds perfectly fine to me!
Im pretty sure I may have skipped them though.
yeah.
but Im pretty tolerant of really bad CGI
I actually found GuP alright.
ahah
and at most itd be like scenes/frames that need fixing vs possible entire episode issues.
makes sense since you're only working on the one thing
yeah I get ya. tis similar to game dev surprisingly.
I mean, budget wise. the more budget you have the longer time you can afford on production
:p
those with more production value generally finish a cour like 2+ months in advanced surely?
ah yeah I get you
fireworks?
;D
makes no sense.
so as I was saying.
I see.
otherwise it makes no sense...
you've already seen it?
if its in timeline and chronological order...
I mean if its a flash back to something
complete... contradiction..
that's literally contradictory.
*but* give you information you shouldn't know yet?
how can you have something be chronological
wait...
think I got distracted by games though so gave up.
I started bakemonogatari once.
heard the VN > anime.
>what is anime?
FMA:Brotherhood rewatch just so we can all die at one particular episode.
that too^
I'd suggest stuff but its all mostly hetro romances/shonen battle. ;D
Red is FAR superior.
you take that back Ibu.
Im dyslexic D:
shhh
just because red > ash?
can we watch pokemon origins
nah if I'm going to read manga I'd read shingeki no kyojin or something
and just put me off it entirely.
they made no sense. weren't in any order
I think I saw about 10 random episodes of the 4kids one piece
but I like cigarettes!
there would have been 20 new chapters released
if we start watching it by the time we get through 10 episodes
how can we follow it with something?!
One piece never ends
NO PLEASE
we'd all die of old age before we finished things that long.
and if its a set of movies thats alright. I mean, I just dont see why we would attempt to watch all of Bleach or Naruto or something lol
I was thinking of DBZ lol
oh wait sorry
no filler runs of Pokemon also cut like 100 eps I think
ðŸ˜„
aka Kai.
can we do a no filler run of DBZ?!
can we stick to 12/24 ep anime with maximum 1-3 seasons
I think its one of the monogatari series where a female character hugs a male character and his ribs just shatter
and hair flicks
and has headtilts
yeah fireworks was completely standalone though
and as far as I know shaft don't make that many films.
because I've also seen it.
just because they made trash be a pokemon ibu.
or to ibu?
how come to me?
I feel if I watched pokemon and a certain person found out at work I'd have a "only watches it because I like it" type deal going on.
outside of "beat team rocket do the league"
and actually having somewhat of a story line for once
I liked Black and White and X/Y was alright. but some of the new pokemon are just lazy af.
I never really got into it because I wasnt allowed the games/cards as a kid. though I think I rewatched some of it at some point.
Ibu's fault probably.
anyway, gonna get back to anime. got me some megalo box to watch. ðŸ˜„
were there rubber gloves involved...
has caught original pokedex vs not (and has been doing it for fucking ages)
Red is still better.
he *literally* makes his pokemon struggle in unfavourable matches... because he can.
but seriously... Ash just makes dumb picks all the time and its annoying af.
kidding.
10 years ago ðŸ˜‰
when did I grow up...
lets see
hasnt played pokemon in uhm
the green threw me off
oh right okay
this is just why Ash is bad.
water vs grass type?
I mean
because reasons.
so it probably has some plot retardation
its Ash's
fucking 3.
how many pokemon has Ash caught over the years?! like 3.
caught ALL the original pokedex in like 10 episodes.
yeah
I bet it was his idea actually.
I mean *he* had to have a decent idea of the level of ridiculous.
how Ryan Reynolds managed to pull that off knowing what it would look like I don't know.
best part of the film.
and then they heal right?
I mean in the comics doesnt he have to like reattatch his body parts
aha oh dear.
deadpools regen factor has been so bodged in the films.
ahh I see
lul
does Gwen just get to be anyone?
oh baby!
Ned Starks coming back?!
yeah I think I saw about that.
saw deadpool 2 today though. was ight.
jk I dont give a fuck atm. kinda beyond caring.
DONT SPOILER ME
HAVENT SEEN THAT YET
my bad.
oh wait this isnt game of thrones.
everybody dies!
we arent really talking spoilers though? are we? o.O
is that just due to availability?
if Im reading that format.
yeah but Im the kinda person who perfers holding a book
as well as wanting to visit the country... and not be completely lost.
thats one of the reasons I want to learn it.
"learn manga" as in... dont derp turn the page wrong/read frames in the wrong order lol
I need to get around to learning to read manga.. or Japanese first might be a good plan. depends on how easily I can get translated manga that I actually wanted to read.
just the ending of Evangelion was an acid trip that I wasnt expecting.
not sure if Im gonna bother with rebuild...
I still need to watch EoE...
maybe macross actually.
oh wait
evangelion probably.
sure sure
and completely forgot what we were doing. its been one of those kind of days
okay right its just I forgot what day of the week it was completely.
oh yeah
oh yeah rebellions tomorrow right?
Though.. A red version would be more awesome.
Oh man.. That sterilizia.. Gief.
its basically how the curses work isnt it really?
thought so.
yeah the soul gems getting destroyed does
wraiths are just build ups of negative emotions are they not?
someone buy me alcohol
I HAVE TO ENJOY SOMETHING
suffering awaits.
no.
nou
might have to get more than one case.. cause hard decisions.. and that means double commissioning some poor artist.
or a cute sweater casual look...
thinking an epic look back with scythe poised to strike with Dess in Kana somewhere
well its obviously Kiri..
the bulli is just a show of mutual love and you know it.
t
also been thinking on my phone case today.. many ideas.
its rare so dont bulli me.
Im in a troll mood today
cause reasons.
its 4 hours 1 minute long.
its a time between 00:00 BST and 11:59 BST saki.
konosuba rewatch kty. we all know its the best ever.
anyway, gonna go to sleep. friday tomorrow yas.
ight just added it to my list
so that was movie 3 right?
idk if Ill rewatch GuP since I only recently watched it.
that outfit best be green saki
because reasons.
and to some how have a big enough curse and second wish to remake the universe again
to become super super into saving Madoka AND Homaru
yeah all we need is for Mami
:/
guess Ill watch my seasonals.
aww man
is it ded? ðŸ˜¦
Ui is your family*
stop being social with your family K-on is more important.
Im going was just finishing watching something
yeah thats cool
oh wait youre starting from scratch right?
ah shit I was meant to go buy food
so I watched, dragon maid, tiger and bunny, another, symphogear - AXZ. then took a month break cause I got addicted to a game.
need new spy glasses.
saki is blind
I didnt have a MAL at the time but I can tell you what I watched in order I think
ahah
I only started in august so
december time
november
last year as in
Id rather watch new things/rewatch things that were longer ago
"only just" last year but still.
I only just watched it as well
no.
how about
Megumin ftw.
So uhm.. Wuts happening with k-on..
how have 12 weeks passed since I started watching these seasonals.. >.<
so.. this seasons almost over already..
Just a number? No dess?
How dya vote..
sleepy, not sleepy. sleepy, not sleepy. fml
must not fall asleep.
Hmm. Fireworks was screened in Aberdeen. Buh when I was looking for sayonara no Asa screenings it didn't have UK dates.
I want to go and see that. But couldn't find screenings near me. :(
Panties what?!
Im good with 7~ things to watch thanks
I wasn't expecting grand blue to be what it is. Thoroughly surprised aha.
I know that it gets kind of dumb soon... and turns into Levi fan service.
ah
"oh no a really bad thing happens" *depression*
its mostly just dark hype type stuff
the opening is getting blasted and stuff as well.
the anime itself
wtb moar bandwidth
oh boy. currently trying to download SnK s3e1... its already getting loads of hate.
anime was a mistake.
I might join for the GuP movie cuz not seen it
okay I finished reading about The Eotena Onslaught... jesus christ that was a read...
how long is this?=
how...
it is great
this is great.
*oh my god*
IM CURIOUS
why did they use Eoten
wait wuts this
you mean like, some satanic rituals?
making the anime play fortnite is a bad idea.
*so much kawaiii*
just watched the K-on movie finally
and didnt actually do anything for the series.
from what I read something had really bad fat shaming in it and stuff
and not at all worth while
something ngnl was apparently really bad fan service
or was that the ovas?
the movie isnt worth watching apparently
great show :p
My brothers having an engagement party today. So my weekly anime will have to wait. Though I might get a start on downloading it at least.
Got some seasonal anime to catch up on.. But won't get to watch it till tomorrow sadly.
though I suppose thats the trouble with translating in general.
yeah I get that but you cant really translate that into English by going "Mr" because it doesnt really add or take away from familiarity like -san does in Japanese.
at least insofar as like.. having it work the same way in English as it did in Japanese?
but itd make more sense to have her call him Lord Momon or try to and then just drop the Lord for Momon alone?
like to an English reader going "Mr so and so" doesnt portray any form of relationship between the speaker and the one being spoken of. it only makes sense if you're aware of the fact its meant to be -san.
but having honorifics like -san translated doesnt seem needed. In English after all you'd use a different way of showing the relationships between people. just going "ah its Mr/Miss so we should slap that here" seems silly to me.
but in the case of Momon Mr isn't exactly right? its not required... if say someone of station was being addressed then sure keeping honorifics in that case makes sense.
Direct message.
It's not required for native English speaking.
Yeah.
Like we don't make use of "Mr" in normal conversation
In English it doesn't particularly make sense though unless introducing someone.
Why do TLs keep honorifics?
Lol...
That's my goal for the end of the year. To at least start kana.
Yeah I've not even started with kana yet.
I'm waiting till I start learning kanji before I read manga.. So I don't have to live with translations.. So it might be a while.. Heh.
It's probably one of my favourite isekia's.
Ahah it's such a good series tbh.
On the upside, I'll have grand blue, island, overlord, isekia maou, jashin-chan dropkick and satsuriku no tenshi to watch whilst possibly hungover.
No better way to relax..
Yeahh. Tis lame. Anime after work is the best.
npnp.
did you find it Chossei? Apparently its Star Driver: Kagayaki no Takuto from the google image search I did.
tis a slow film tbh
And two eps into clannad and I already feel like I can spam it.
This^
just made a start on Clannad.. heard its a rollercoaster. this could be fun.
aww man. no OPM till April such a long way away me cri.
yurivampire thing had my eye for a few seconds might watch a few eps to see whats up.
that caught my interest tbh ahah.
theres not many sequels Ill be watching so Ill probably smash some backlog stuff finally. RErideD looks interesting and himote house might fill my comedy needs... Otherwise next seasons kind of... blind for me.
so, whats looking good this coming season?
just cuz its a bad anime doesnt mean you can't still get enjoyment out of it :p
might have a look
slime isekia is worth watching? I was gonna skip it cuz well Im kind of bored of watching each seasons isekia of choice and them falling flat on their arses. (Death march and Isekia maou to Shoukan)  both made me just go "why do I bother anymore they always really go nowhere". D:
I went into goblin slayer blind. that scene was quite the surprise... but Im looking forward to a nice darkish fantasy anime thats not got some Kirito ripoff in it.
was not expecting Goblin Slayer to be this dark shitttttt
*most ambitious anime cross over ever*
that require some knowledge of the character but not like the story of the anime they are from
yeah you can probably do that I just imagine there will be character gags
so Im watching seasonal stuff mostly and working through a backlog of classics etc
its mostly just because this is the first year of watching anime for me.
youjo senki
I havent seen re:zero or uh fuck whats it
Isekia quartet looks awesome.... but I have a feeling I may need to actually watch the two series' I haven't seen to be able to laugh at character gags and stuff
oh right I was meant to add that to my list and watch it. surprisingly its advertised in the back of my wotakoi manga lol
do itttttt. I really liked ep1 even with the surprise I had.
I wanna watch Maquia at some point. Missed the showings in the UK cuz they are always really well hidden.
a yuru camp watch?
looks tasty though
SSSS. Gridman is a play on the Japanese live action style stuff with the way the CGI is done (from what I understand purposefully to the effect to mimic that) and yeah its pretty good. Really enjoying it. Heavily villian of the week currently but... getting some pretty cool fight ending scenes etc as you'd expect from trigger.
because then things wont bode well for One Punch Man season 2.
ah gotcha. not seen the teaser. if the manage to mess it up Ill be sad
have you seen some of their other works?
hm fair point. J.C.Staff are usually pretty good. But they are going to have to deal with the fact theres already partial story adaptation in one style.... which that style tbh works really well for konosuba.
that looks so awesome. the style change is the kind of change youd expect for a film with a bit more budget to play with etc.
even when they fail there are still merits to their work imo.
I think some hype is perfectly acceptable. I dont really overhype them though. I just expect the fight scenes to be hype af. Im still really down after the mess of darling in the franxx... bleh.
"trigger saves anime again... wait did it even need saving?"
I watched a video by Gigguk where he goes over the seasons anime and he got to gridman and just went
Also no frame drops in the 1080p versions I have.
plus, Trigger hype.
also I went into SSSS.gridman expecting it to be a low budget Trigger master piece. and its hit the nail pretty well.
its also not even bad CG.
the CG fits perfectly into where the source material for SSSS.Gridman comes from
I saw the notification on MAL whilst I was drunk and didnt believe it. but whooooppppp
decided to invest in a longer series for once...     Yuuâ˜†Yuuâ˜†Hakusho is gonna get watcheddd over christmas probably.
oh god Norenche thats evil.
(only seen the original mind you)
Kino no Tabi is a really good series but I wouldnt say it was particularly comf.
I heard paranoia agent is top tier.
but idk...
I was considering watching happy sugar life I think
psycho pass is great
if solo loved it Ill have to watch it after Yuu Yuu Hakusho at this rate.
Ive got Shinsekai Yori on my to watch list...
also half way through Yuu Yuu hakusho... and its kind of dragging a bit so grabbing Full Metal Panic to change things up a bit. xD
I watched the AnimeMans video on Dororo and how its written by an amazing writer etc. I was planning to watch it before that anyway that just sold me a bit more on it.
Dororo looks like its gonna be awesomeeeee
I might actually buy a vocab book and genki or something.
my vocabs not great rn
Im quite strongly considering buying a boxofmanga.com sub at novice level once I finish learning katakana.
yeah
an understanding of basic grammer like probably whatever the lowest jpet is.
I mean, like basic kanji etc
I think Ive got enough expenses in my life rn
but Ill get there :p
kanjiiiii probably next year at this rate.
I can read hiragana and some katakana
and nice art... makes me want to buy things
cuz nice art...
I regret looking already
ahhh
whats that from outta curiosity?
tried a different cinema and itll be on at that one yasssss
oh no its not even in aberdeen wow.
its a fucking thursday dammit
oh 24th of january awesome ðŸ˜„
I need to find the UK date for broly... or at least the date for the Aberdeen cinema that might have it :/
liked it better than the older Broly films. Might actually have to play catch up and watch the tournament of power arc...
but this means I dont have to wear my glasses so whoop
I just expected it to be in Japanese because the other cinema I looked at had it in Japanese.
I mean Sean does a great job don't get me wrong.
yeah I imagine it is. Im just annoyed that it wasnt advertised as dub.
off to go see DBS Broly... anddd I just realised its dub.. ffffff
cant wait ðŸ˜„
ffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkk yesssss moar dragon maid.
dragonnnnnnnnnn maidddddddd plez be true.
Even Violet was a better protagonist than Rimuru is...
Joe from Megalobox LOSE to fucking Rimuru...
Did... did...
oh yeah for sure
jk the villians in it were completely forgettable
like the one where he used lightning kick
there were plenty of good battles in SSSS.Gridman
hey now
(SSSS.gridman aside for obvious reasons)
giant robots are ded
youre just stuck with the fact that its MHA until it dies.
you still have shonens and shojous o.O
that guy wasnt important
you leave him alone okay!
that guy was great
but they need to have massive cultural differences so they have no clue what anything on either planet is.
and that different planets population goes to the other place
is have an entire population of a planet isekai'd to a different planet
what you want to do
nono
one without the need for "oh look its a game world again" or "its another world woo hoo!"
Im always pretty happy when we get a proper fantasy anime..
death march/how not to summon a demon lord pretty much made me go "ugh why do I bother"
like overlord and such
only continue watching ones that are continuations.
once slime and shield hero finishes I probably wont watch any new isekai's
and the way that the king/princess etc try so hard to make the Shield Hero a bad guy. like those characters are just straight up written well to be disliked and thats kind of good.
oh yeah. the reason I like it so much is mostly the way that the spear hero is being written into an unwilling bad guy
like I wasnt going to watch Shield Hero because I was pretty fedup of isekai. But Im kind of glad I did.
instead of just focusing on what they can do differently.
I think the issue is the fact that so many try to revive the genre
most of the time its the characters around him actually doing the things that have to be done.
but Rimuru as best protagonist just yells how badly the CR anime awards are done.
Ill be kind of glad once its over. its doing some things well. Ill give it that
its just the worlds most anime game of Civ
thats pretty much it.
but that time I was reincarnated as a slime has no real character growth
sure most characters in modern isekai's have a way of combating most situations
nahhh
"its okay guys heres a power I picked up literally two seconds ago thatll deal with that"
"this bad guy can do this!"
"oh no something bad happened" "its okay guys Ive got a solution"
Rimuru is written so hard into the "perfect" character
The more I watch that time I was reincarnated as a slime the less I enjoy it.
thatd be great too whilst Im asking for miracles :p
and this mental block that stops me talking to the girl I fell out with a year ago.
plez do
me no likey attention.
I mean not really bullied but alotttttt of attention that I couldnt handle.
and apparently I look young/weird and everyone sucks.
I got bullied all day cuz I shaved my beard
u funneh
ðŸ˜¢
no seedsssss
Im trynna download sakura trick... but uhm
fair :p
cuz I need to watch that.
I was tempted to grab yama no susume 2 and 3
ahah
100 episodes?
doesnt teekyuu have like
*not too long*
I watched yuru camp already
if only I could pinpoint my current mood.
need to pick something off my backlog that is... not too long... and fits my current mood
I cant help my attraction to genjuro
"heres 12 episodes, enjoyed it? go buy some manga."
well most seasonal things are
*mangas
*dies of all these feels*
Youjo Senki is a fun watch
how dare you META
like solo said its a very broad thing
theres a lot more SoL thats done better than isekai though
where everyones trash tastes is very slowly taking over.
welcome to the anime landscape
and the robots arent really that giant but eh
though Ive only watched original Macross.
TTGL and such
ofc macross as well FMP and uhh
I loved watching Gunbuster/Diebuster
yup last july it ended insofar as everything I do believe.
thats what I was told/read however long back.
ahah okay
no wait, theres literally 1 seed on most of them. fun download speeds incoming
the answer is no. meh
time to see if theres any seeds.
fairrrrr
ah I see.
goblin slayers ones add to the world building narrative along side the shock factor.
not seen SAO
for shock factor... or like goblin slayer rape scenes?
I mean, are there any boxes I didnt add
lesbians blowing shit up
nana... mecha...
10/10 triggers awesome
seen inferno cop
shit thats symphogear/
Im kind of just in a watch shit get blown up for omegalulz reasons doesnt have to have a plot and preferably lesbians
Ill save it for later Rakhi
"sort by... score? okay grea..." jesus fucking christ theres a lot of gintama
"I shall browse MALs action section just out of curiosity"
ah yeah like my life solo
dammit.
should've been I've never heard of twintails.
wait I said that wrong
Ive heard alot about this... twintails
sad days that the author is ill so no moar ðŸ˜¦
thats one of my favourite romcoms
seen that cast
any chance you can recall the actual title? :p
whys that sound like its a light novel adaptation
indeed. its an unhealthy thing.. really. and uhm
the right kind of trash that I want right now ahah
got to episode 7 of cross ange... and... I think I might keep watching this catastrophe.
with actual books I dont mind reading them digitally but I prefer paper versions. but with manga Im just like.. meh with reading it on a small screen?
I can kind of afford a manga habit (I definitely shouldnt but Ill do it anyway because Im an adult and I can do what I want within reason!)
not a big fan of digital manga/comics :c
I prefer reading physical copies straight off the bat
that or I need to get my ass in gear and learn a fuck tonne of kanji...
there needs to be more.. paperback english mangos... plez... just plez.
started clannad after story today... I heard this is a feelscoaster
still gave it a 10.. because it hit me good in the feels to warrant it.
it did also hit a point where each episode I was just sitting there going "we're on a good note.. things going well.. now Im waiting for shit to hit the fan" a bit.
also Ushio was just too damn cute.
I found watching Tomoya grow interesting.
in AS though.. the whole things just.. a punch to the gut almost every episode.
in just Clannad Fuko's story was ooft.
that was... such a roller coaster of emotions god damn
finished Clannad Afterstory today
I want to watch Gundam at some point but I have no clue where I should actually start..
Im so lost.
Endro sticks to the good ol tried and tested SoL moe formula.
its been a year already?! what even...
the first few episodes of overlord are just slow world building.
Though might spam re:zero this weekend.
I've not watched re:zero but I'll still watch isekai quartet
Is this one of those "they won't understand another country" type deals?
For starters.. Whys it in new York..
Well that's confusing.
fair enough. Im sure I heard something about the god eater adaptation before.
gotcha.
didn't even know they made fate until I looked at what they had done before demon slayer.
Ive not watched anything by ufotable before.
Ive got to say the level of animation in Demon Slayer is top tier.
whose all ready for an absolute slaughtering of a timeless classic?
the live action Akira movie has a release date of May 2021
took 7 episodes of OPM season 2 to actually get a *good fight* and see saitama do something. JC Staff have royally ruined it. I dont get the people saying that because the art work/animation is worse its more true to the source and it being a parody.. Mad House did a great job of showing off the humour etc.
its Trigger of course its cool ðŸ˜‰
is the death march novel... not ehhh tier? the anime was really rather generic. presuming you mean death march into a parallel rhapsody.
not read the manga but ufotable are doing a good job with the animu.
I mean she deserves what she got even without the false rape allegations
and?
entirely her own fault she gets tortured. if she didnt lie she wouldve walked out without being hurt at all.
so whats she do? lies.
shes straight up told "tell the truth and you dont get hurt"
if she didnt lie she wouldnt have gotten shocked.
completely deserved.
in the sense that the antagonist is female and she gets what she deserves?
an incels wet dream how so?
the slaves crest is just a really bad story point though tbh.
I mean he is a hero though. he's just not a traditional hero really. and Raphtalia has free will. She openly has the crest reapplied to show her devotion to Naofumi.
tate no yuusha!
yeah. I quite liked that bit. its just what came after was a bit of a let down
and one of them was uh talking to the guy incharge of the school mostly.
I think it was about 4 max
I might give it a bit of a go. depends how I feel Im pretty isekai'd out right now.
gotcha.
a lot less interested.
like once he left the nation I was just eh
manoeuvre around as well.
was super interesting because he was not only having to figure out how to unite people to his cause but like
basically up until he goes and teaches the kids
like don't get me wrong I enjoyed the first uh
like the only reason Im watching rising of the shield hero is because it went the direction of absolutely shit out of luck guy who has no fucking clue whats going on works his way back up from 0 because of dicks. and thats kind of more interesting than the usual "gamer transported to another world does pew pew and is OP and wins"
like, not 25 episodes worth of "hue hue predictability" for the pay off of one story element.
I see. I dunno Im not really interested in predictable writing even if its only a path to a greater story.
because progress would have happened without him and thats kinda lame.
like hes going to go back and time skip a bunch of shit
yeah but the nation stopped being a thing in season 1 after he left.
you know the hero can't lose. and saitama gets bored of it.
like, OPM parodies that so well.
its only ever going to go the way of the hero.
thats just kind of boring.
again at least.
like he *can't* lose. and nobody around him *will ever die*
because thats just honestly the way its written.
I havent read the manga or the LN. but even if Milim turns against him someone else will come to his side to aid him against her.
basically anything that *can* keep Milim happy will happen. Without fail.
and Milim will always be his friend because condition X when needed.
like no-ones going to attack him due to Milim.
idk after he started getting the demon lords on side... it just kind of gets eh
like I probably won't watch season 2.
but eventually it just became "dont worry rimuru is OP so everything can't go wrong anyway"
it was interesting when it was the worlds comfiest game of Civ
I got bored of that time I got reincarnated as a slime
I watched it and kind of regretted it. Just felt like another generic power fantasy isekai insofar as the anime adaptation. Though tbf thats where *most* current isekais go. Which is why generally after this seasons done with I probably won't watch anything else isekai for a while unless its older or a completely new and unique concept.
fair. Ill remember to watch the film at some point
like some of it they obviously did actual research. and then other bits it was like "lol thisll work and be epic"
some of the tank combat was so ridiculous sometimes.
yeah I get what you mean
depends on how I feel though. like, K-on being that laid back is kind of nice in its own way
plots nice sometimes yeah
the premise alone was ridiculous enough to keep me entertained. it was also just after I had done some work on a WW2 stratergy game so seeing all the tanks etc was pretty cool
GuP was one of the first cute girls doing cute things shows I watched
but then it would also open it up for another possible failure
yeah. I mean Id like it to purely because I think the right studio and a proper production timeline would do it wonders
bring it all up to the standard of the films would be amazing.
I reckon it might one day get a remake
3 month gap at one point?
and there was a what
its just "heres some more tanks to fight"
but not even a tournament arc that really makes sense
yeah
the series had pretty serious production issues tbh
I still need to watch the movie at some point.
Ill give it a look at some point. my plan to watch list probably needs a trim of things Im definitely not actually going to watch at some point though
OP is a banger is a major selling point.
started watching more anime in 2017.
yeah was before my time.
or something I missed.
probably before my time.
nah.
maybe thats just me. but I expect dark fantasy things to have pretty brutal story elements somewhere.
I didnt feel the rape in Goblin Slayer was jammed in personally. Was a minor shock factor sure. But it drove home the brutality of the goblins. Is it a nice thing to have? Not really. Does it fit a dark fantasy world? Yes.
insofar as political things going on in the world and consumed media, would your view be to never read media that may have bad things that are currently happening involved? Even if say, the media you would be reading was written prior to it happening?
like, her torture was nothing compared to the lives she cost in her pettiness.
every action she does goes against the actual possibility of the world surviving *because she dislikes the shield hero because daddy says so*
like she is literally written to be a conniving bitch.
then itd be 8
or rather more genericy ones at least. like
theres more next season than this.
dont worry theres like 5 fucking isekais next season
whats a jojo's?
but Ill still possibly feel like it might be missing something if Ive watched the subbed version.
I mean, if a dub is done well Ill watch it.
I quite enjoyed black lagoon in subs tbh
like less emotion conveyed etc to me at least
most dubs end up feeling less.. hard hitting everywhere else?
Im not sure I could watch dubs even for harder hitting expletives
small budget, well exectued idea.
Trigger just did their usual magic
Ima need to watch panty and stocking sometime.
represents the guy in a baddy suit perfectly.
like to begin with I found it jarring but once I knew it came from a Toku background I was like "its actually a perfect way of using it"
I found gridmans use of CGI to be really clever with the whole toku influence for the show
did you say beserk frying pan?
everything just feels so... mundane for isekai's now. doesnt matter how unique it is.
I dont have any interest in any isekai's coming out that arent a continuation of ones Ive been watching.
so its double isekai on isekai's technically.
because its 4 isekai's being isekai'd
it doesnt go well lol.
because she's only 17 half of my lifetime equates to a good 3/4s of hers was what my point really was. to me 13 years doesnt feel as long of a time as it currently would to her.
Im aware of that. My point is more the fact that she wouldn't have been old enough to see a lot of what I had seen.
the only reason I accept the fact that 14 years can be a long time to some people is the fact I work with a 17 year old... And she misses soooo many of my very big 2000s pop culture references that I have to step back and go "oh shit right.."
its apparently a really good revenge story.
14 years can be a long time to someone whose life isnt much longer than that.
and yessss more Trigger â¤
when you accidentally grab an episode you've already watched somehow. dammit
tis interesting how indie has such a different meaning depending on the industry its in.
I need to get some more manga to read... want to finish seven deadly sins this year. just sucks that the prices are so ehhhhh for the UK for paper back manga ðŸ˜¦ Im old fashioned and like reading an actual book over ereaders etc. Theres quite a few anime where I've gone "the manga's got to be worth a read"
some adaptations are perfectly fine but it comes down so hard to the source.
yeah I get what you mean.
sequel baiting/not proper endings is whats steering me away from LN adaptations really hard. At least if its a manga advert type deal really it usually ends at the end of an arc and not on the setup for the next one...
but ToP would've probably of been a good idea first tbh.
was a good thing I knew what UI was... else I wouldve been like "wut was that for like 5 frames"
I saw broly in cinemas
Ive seen battle of the gods and freiza's return in both movie and anime form.
I only really want to watch it for the tournament of power arc but I think theres some pretty good fights before that which are kind of important
Im far too tempted to go play catchup with DBS.. without the 25 filler eps though. Would be starting at the Universe 6 saga.. hmmm
saw a video from whenever where someone asked if he ever orders Pizza in Goku's voice. To which he said "no.. however my other half really hates when I do King Kai or Goku in bed" ahah
probably loves doing King Kai and Goku ahah
Im sure they can find someone to voice Broly in the series if they really tried hard enough
mehhh its his own fault. little sympathy for him at this point. but lets not get into that.
Id also probably watch any arc where Broly is canon'ed in.
Im honestly going to have to rewatch it after I probably watch ToP
because jesus christ that was one absolutely insane fight
I say near the end.. my memory of the fights a bit fuzzy
<@238855496797257729> for about 5 frames Goku flicks UI before going SSB near the end of the fight with Broly if memory serves right... Its literally a "oh shit maybe Im fucked" type of moment.
you mean shinfogaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
<@238855496797257729> I watched original Macross as well. I just appreciate art for what it is it doesn't bother me how good or bad it is.
ahah yeah it is. but thats all I know about Killing Bites :p
you mean that ecchi show a couple of seasons ago Aya? :p
the film also has torrents some how even though the blu ray release isnt till the 31st?
Im patiently waiting for danmachi 2 to be subbed by a good sub group ðŸ˜¢
I enjoy some shonen fare sometimes. Hopefully it sticks more towards the science otherwise it kind of defeats the purpose imo
vinland saga is probably what Im most interested in this season aside from geah though
Im just interested to see where the story goes.
good animation, pretty standard shouneny tropes so far.
really? its pretty good.
MALs pretty useful for a one stop everythings listed type deal
Araburu Kisetsu no Otome-domo yo, Dr stone, Dumbell, Danmachi, enen no shouboutai and vinland saga for this seasons givings.
thats true. but spikes in popularity arent unusual.
yeah its the same with everything. like in 10 years time we might be complaining about something completely different.
I mean itll die off eventually. just because thats how popularity works.
pretty much.
like even a bad isekai can do well just because it might garner a decent amount of attention due to being an isekai
like.. the reason theres so many generic ones is because its an "easy sell"
it can indeed but the issue that Isekai has is the level of appeal is too high tbh
<@238855496797257729> make your mind up D:
not pile of slag
modern isekai
my only issue is that I find it kind of hard to get into VNs right now
like Im really tempted to read the VN
Clannad After story is such a rewarding watch.
do it for yourself
yeah you should
fffffffff
how far did you get into it...?
oh god
https://myanimelist.net/animelist/Yorindesarin like attempt to figure this shit out.
my ratings for animu are all over the place.
*though I don't ever want to watch uhh Kid Muscle*
Im in the mindset of watching older things for a better animu experience these days.
just ginga eiyuu densetsu is going to take another couple of months lol
I doubt Ill do that though.
my goal for this year was to reach about 200 completely watched things
makes sense.
Ive only seen 128 things ðŸ˜¦
still a fair amount then.
whats short out of curiosity?
lmao
that seems like its cheating
thats what I did with Manga. and yeah I can imagine.
and yeah I figured that Cypher. Im pretty sure if I just take the time and relax Ill get into it more.
ah I see.
I don't like web reading stuff :c
physical in English Manga?
*and thats with 10% off*
holy crap Â£53 for clannad VNs collection ooft.
but now that its second nature Im use to it. So Im pretty sure VNs would be similar.
like when I first tried reading Manga I was put off because I didnt really put the time into figuring out panel order etc
or rather in general Im not really sure  as to why
lul
I dont like it.
its the afternoon for me lol
<@238855496797257729> I just use MAL because Im lazy. I can't remember the alternatives but I know one of them has an API that'll auto update your list after you watch things if memory serves right
that would be a dick move.
Just watched Gigguk's KyoAni tribute video. Why are ninja's cutting onions.
I mean the game awards is at least a bit more open... where as crunchys are just "heres these things we had licenses for. and heres 9 out of 10 nominees for this category that all come from this one show we really really want to do well this year" type deal.
like its just meaningless as a representation of an "awards" type deal when the fields so narrow and full of like.. 3 characters from that one show they pushed super hard in a single category..
tbh people have every right to be upset
welcome to the Dr Stone awards 2019.
but Im curious to see what the manga is like on an art level so I might read it at some point.
the entire scene as a whole makes it a lot better tbh.
its missing context.
you miss spelt eromanga sensei Mel.
But just look at this absolute master piece of a frame. If that look doesn't scream wrath I don't know what does.
yeah...
Wits knocking it out of the park with animation as usual with Vinland Saga. I suppose its probably not that popular due to the historical aspect of it?
no vinland saga in top 10? Id have to say vinland saga > fire force...
they were simpler times...
so new expansion rocks about goblin slayers in his full raid epics
like lets pretend its WoW
likeeee we have no idea from the anime how the gearing system really works.
I mean it may look normal but you dont know what he killed to get it.
like theres a really big thing about *whys he wearing that when hes that rank*
yeah but you look at their tier of gear
I feel like reading the LN might do it better justice than the anime.
theres only one Goblin Slayer and quite a lot of goblins.
I mean the goblins strength is literally strength in numbers
but I think that it handled that kind of well.. amping up to the goblin king and the deeper plot.
it does get repetitive seeing as he can only slay *so many goblins before it gets old*
like its almost impossible to not have a bit of genericism somewhere
there are definitely parts of it that are generic
Well I say all of them. The supporting cast that was non human not so much. Using job titles etc doesn't make it generic though...
did you watch a different Goblin Slayer to me? Because they all had names..
however the fact its proper dark fantasy kind of sets it apart from other works with a similar aesthetic if that makes sense.
point of view it kind of fits a generic D&D style but... I'd say that styles only really generic due to the fact that theres so much of it these days.
I mean from an aesthetic like
Goblin Slayer and generic in the same sentence... Interesting.
Im kind of glad they dont actually have a meaning because otherwise you'd just get "oh this guys X strong so he's limited to this!"
meanwhile Freiza missplaced like .01 of his energy and fails to get the result he wanted on namek.
but piccolo does it with ease... and so does Master Roshi
because it takes a lot to blow up a planet or moon right
not really?
nah even then its like
I love the fact that the power figures in dragonball have literally 0 meaning.
*it's over 9000!!*
so it is. must just be under a better publisher or something.
oh thats a surprise
Was the same for all of my seven deadly sins volumes. I legitimately bought a manga sub box where it comes in Japanese for 4 volumes at 23gbp a month... Thats almost actual Japanese pricing..
Ahah yeah but on amazon UK it'll be 10gbp I'll show you. ðŸ˜‚
Conversion rates much?
Us price 10 dollars.. EU price 10 euro... UK price 10 gbp..
Being in the UK sucks..
Manga costs me about 13 euros..
Nobles do you think I'm a yank?
Ooft not bad for an LN.
I dislike Web manga.
I'd pay for official books.
How easy is it to get the English LNs?
Well that's shit. Is it because of RNG rubbish I hated that in legion.
I bet it still applies a bit unless they've massively skewed item levels
thats a big jump.
everyone else has upgraded to the new expac greens.
but it might not be a manga advert since its a 24 ep one... so if its popular enough we could get more.
maybe not with this season no
and yeah ones that never progress but are just there to be annoying suck.
But the mangas probably past the point where he progresses vs the anime still being at the point where hes whiney.
probably just to drive focus into disliking that character until they progress later.
also I really love the style of the sword slashes etc.
probably.
like convincing him he did it is going to be the hardest hurdle...
yeah thats what I think the issues going to be.
Inosuke has grown loads which is great. Zenitsu needs to grow... Like he's so strong physically but I don't know how he will grow... Is Tanjiro going to witness him do something awesome and some how convince Zenitsu that he himself did it?
we just havent gotten to the start of that progression yet.
I feel like his progressions going to go towards him realising that he *can* do more than he thinks
yeah I get that
but why?
also can I just say Im really happy with the diversity of the 3 MCs of Kimetsu no Yaiba
and yeah cant wait till saturday gief.
its kind of hinting that its going that way. or rather what it means to be a demon.
Im kind of hoping that it works towards a "what it means to be human" plot line
its more than just "heres a new bad guy beat him up"
I quite like Kimetsu no Yaiba. The plot and character progressions handled pretty well so far.
Id rather invest my time into Dr Stone.
I quite liked the animation but its really turning into pretty much the usual battle shounen.
Dumbell has made me want to get back into getting into better shape... but my mental states just not there right now. ðŸ˜¦
Im kind of considering dropping fire force.
If you dont Sidu-muscle after each work out did you even work out?
"but his body... lets make that absolutely amazingly buff"
I just love the "lets keep his face still normal"
I only just realised that too Aya ahah.
Oh maidens really surprised me... Ive gotten a lot more laughs out of it than I expected.
so yesterday I decided to download dragon maid cuz I needed some comf and cheering up. twas a good idea to rewatch..
breaking your neck doesnt stop your oxygen supply...
like his neck didnt get severly broken due to the stone.
did you skip the world building bit?
I mean its not meant to be hardcore heres the science type deal.
or Kimetsu no Yaiba.
Dr Stone is a better well done Shounen.
the conspiracy isnt enough to keep me engaged.
its just too eh for me.
aww lame
Ill give it  a watch at your recommendation then cast.
oh yeah I looked that up when you mentioned it the other day I think
just decided to drop fire force so now I have a slot open to possibly pick up something else without trying to watch too many seasonals...
Saint young men was an interesting watch.
the answer is yes.
did I add Drifters to my to watch list...
pretty sure Ive only seen the TV series.
I need to watch the OVAs for little witch academia
Like, Trigger definitely needs to make sure they keep making such imaginative original shorts
also Space Patrol Luluco should be a watch for anyone whose seen Inferno Cop
Death Parade is just all around awesome.
yeah
does she I never noticed? ðŸ¤”
that is really weird...
*you mean you dont like your yuri with agenda?*
just in subs in general.
tbh this season Ive seen some really odd choices for translations
*garage dubs*
but its also funny so.
I took shiny as being bad translation tbh
then just "stone heals stuff ooo"
like at least it "cracked" back into place.
see that makes more sense.
like if his neck was broken anywhere else itd be gg right?
its the only logic as to how his neck being broken in that exact spot would be healable.
or very close to it and due to that it wasnt a full blow
I was under the impression that the primate high schooler hit the exact spot where the stone was
but its also anime... so suspending belief is a part of it imo.
like its scientific to a point.
its also anime so it has anime logic...
I mean within the world building theres explanations for this.
I said it was possible his breathing was shallow.
does he get paralyzed from it?
*due to a circumstance he didnt know about*
his breathing could have just been shallow.
I mean, lets be fair his friend is a bit dull
otherwise people with broken necks wouldnt heal ever.
which when you think about it the plot wouldve been wayyyy more interesting with it from the beginning.
I mean its a perfectly acceptable thing because its a shounen so its not a surprise if that makes sense. But yeah thats probably why it happened.
like it had to be passed down to Tanjiro because of destiny reasons or some such
oh yeah his fathers "promise" seems far too convenient as well.
its just a thing... that happened.
like theres no actual evidence that he can do the dance... or that he mastered the breathing technique
or at least just him doing the dance it comes from
yeah.
they couldve at least had something where like he has that memory, and hes like "oh this'd work really well as a combat technique if I follow the same strategies as water breathing!" in an episode before this one and he fails to pull it off properly or something
like Inosuke has his self taught beast breathing... so theres no reason to be taught by a master really..
plus there have been times where he's been wayyyyyyyy closer to dying and that technique would've been pretty useful.. introducing it at this time is just like... well ass pully... which I mean it was nice to watch and pretty epic... but it couldve happened a lottttttt sooner.
ehh thats barely tangible though. but again... like.. why bother with water breathing? like that technique is a pretty important aspect of the culture that his family is a part of... seems unlikely he'd just forget about it ya know?
it just kinda came out of nowhere with no setup. like... it seems like a wayyy stronger technique than water breathing... so why even bother with water breathing?
did ufota just burn half the animation budget on one scene...
I just.. like... sheesh.
I kind of want to see some Fate fights just to get a better idea on how Ufota does things.
yeah those bits would have been completely different. I don't think it'd be impossible for Madhouse to manage something though.
but then the adaptation would be completely different.
unless it was like Wit/Bones/Madhouse
probably
it doesnt matter how long its been it still stands up to the test of looking good.
yeah there are some anime that when a studio does a really good job
I mean it will.
I know its just a trend  thatll die out eventually.
but then neither does Isekai...
true I suppose.
Id just like to see... more traditional fantasy stuff again.
Im not saying that being a proper fantasy would make it immediately good.
just a shame thats an oxymoron.
theres nothing wrong with a good isekai...
whats wrong with proper no gamer interface fantasy!
yes Vinland sagas on the right tracks.
no because thats game world.
less isekai MORE REAL FANTASY
tbh Id really like to see a return of proper fantasy
does the vending machine decide which world you get transported to?
more than 1 isekai a season is too many isekai
just wait for next season where theres an isekai with a dilf...
death march to a parallel rhapsody I was so disappointed.
ya know when I watched uhm
or lives to become some really important person.
just varying degrees?
are the last two optionals?
no stealsies thats a working title!
"That time I got wacked around the head real hard whilst working as an engineer and ended up in Camelot"
MAH IP
uh uh
brb ripping off a yankee in king arthurs court as a new LN.
throw in a loli, some big breasted females and you've got yourself an isekai harem right there.
Everybody loves a Kirito rip off.
also makes sense.
otherwise there wouldnt be anime adaptations/adverts :/
they obviously sell well though.
but how do you break LNs being trash...
thats true.
nah cuz the same thing happened with high school based anime.... look at how much less school based stuff there is now.
Id say its not far off of the same time.
I havent seen NGNL zero yet.
I imagine watching NGNL on a saturated TV would suck
problem children was top tier.
sadly Im not a big fan of reading digital media ðŸ˜¦
gotcha
I seeee
but the like... anime didnt do a great job of like... showing the exploring type thing.
yeah I mean I liked that aspect of it.
like after he got leveled up by his hacks to like 999999 or whatever the show was basically over for me.
ehhhhhhhhhhhh
how is it? the anime felt really...
can agree SAO caused the isekai boom.
gimme moar.
I loved isekai quartet
it was also nice to see a rise upwards instead of a "ahaha Im super str0nk lololol everything goes my way!"
twas definitely enjoyable.
its kind of a shame that the whole waves thing took a really big back seat to the conspiracy
shield hero had its ups and downs tbh
decided to download Naruto for a no filler run... Sadly can't get the non shippuden episodes because dead torrents ðŸ˜¦
You can see how developers got use to it over time. The start of the PS3 era vs the end of it is a bit of a graphical leap.
the PS3 had cell processing which was just like.. "Oh hey devs, we hope you enjoy figuring this shit out"
the PS3 was the alleged culmination of nightmare to make games for.
apparently this might not actually be the final season?
Oh yeah don't get me wrong Im hoping its not another OPM S2
apparently some staff moving over with it?
Im legitimately reading about it right now
dont mind me Ill just be over here fucking dying.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NO
of all the things to pick to play as well.
bang zoom
funi has a link for it but idk...
since netflix is what bought it to the west?
random dub from netflix I thinks?
no clue.
you can't compete with KajiKaji or Escanor I'm sorry but its just impossible
Its a case by case thing. But with Seven deadly sins... like
I mean sure it depends on the anime.
English Escanor sounds weak af.
they wouldnt believe me...
I tried to explain to my brothers why the japanese voice acting is just superior.
I watched the trailer but only half paid attention.
but I can totally wait for it.
like I want to know Merlins big secret...
she just gets removed from everything off the bat.
Merlin is an orb
from what I understand his arcs are a lot better in the manga
Because he wanted to understand human emotion better.
I thought Gowthers arcs were pretty good tbh
Gowther?
like... some of its absolutely top tier... and then the bad bits are just like "herp derp btw heres something that really doesnt make sense"
some of the writing is ehhh
yeah...
Dianes memory loss arc is just ridiculous.
Escanor.
Most of the ups were KajiKaji being an absolute baller and Escanor being well
S2 had its ups and downs
shuddup I know I need to buy more!
I think its probably a leveling up season.
ahah I only got to Volume 14 of the manga so far.
all studio DEEN really need to do is animate it half decently and it'll be alright.
so its not really season 3 but more of like... a side story again?
yeah apparently this is going off on a different arc leaving the holy war arc alone for now though?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg1pDweZ0W8 this is the best version of Onegai Muscle
I enjoyed it. Definitely a good watch
it was interesting to say the least.
tis not true.
How come the Re:Incel comment for shield hero...
Mecha seems like a strong point for them to come from doesn't it? Not much space for them in Shounen.
otherwise yes I could just look at the panels.
you know what I mean Id read it if I was going to do that.
ahah
and even if it is licensed in English I can't really afford manga rn. D:
the issue is I dont like reading in digital formats really :/
I feel like I should read the manga just to see how toned down they are.
*toned down*
a very... *lovely* part of internet culture.
could just slap nipple tape on and call it a day.
Isnt that kind of top usually the point where you go "fuck it sports bra"... I mean really...
just kidding everyone knows the best hero anime is Tiger & Bunny.
ONE PUNCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Ikr
<@238855496797257729> YuuYuu Hakusho yasssssss
but its not like he didnt put in effort to like... get to that point so.
yeah.
like Millihi said... they all pretty much do.
Id say he falls into both catergories.
but yet Kirito isnt there... c'mon
trolololol
*where the fuck is Naofumi*
anyway, the biggest hardwork guy is obviously missing.
I suppose you gotta work hard to figure out dem hacks
*gotta only hack when you want to and not to save lives*
*its hard to be kirito okay*
also Goku's strength is definitely genetic.
like his game character did hardwork sure but the being Ains was created as already being God tier.
in the world he goes to he is God tier already
that doesnt matter
Plus Ains... like... wut even.
The amount of effort Naruto put into shit... And deku gets to be in team hardwork...
ahah :p
lol I watched it subbed.
Saitama wasn't really made to grow as a character since he was just meant to do that one thing.
because Mob is OP but has limiters and can grow as a character etc.
yeah Mob just has way more places to go.
It didn't really require anything more.
Like to me it would have been a perfectly good one season show.
I honestly wasn't expecting anything past season 1 to be a thing.
Saitama fighting a bad guy and being like "Ill just not pun... oh you're dead already? mannnn"
like Saitama just trying to enjoy his life when he wasnt being a hero was fun to watch.
even if I knew the outcome it was fun to see how Saitama would try to see if someone could match him.
I found the hype great
boring?
so after that OPM pretty much died to me.
the only reason I really watched OPM was for the parody elements
not even taking into account the absolutely dire job that was done on the animation.
which I mean isn't inherently bad in of itself. S2 just wasn't really OPM for me though.
S1 was a way better parody anime. S2 adapts part of the story where the parodying stops being a thing and it becomes what it was parodying to begin with.... Its no longer really OPM and more "these other guys featuring saitama sometimes"
S2 was bad due to its adaptation of the start of an arc that gets better which if there is an S3 we may see.
<@!217896572954869761> you mean the bad part of the arc it adapts? lol.
from a story perspective. also in season 2 Mob grows a lot as a character which is really awesome.
I quite liked the build up of emotions to Mobs  100% status when it finally happened.
once you start getting to Mob building to 100% you'll get the hype.
yeah it takes time for the story to develope in Mob.
Just because I want to see how well done the fight frames and such are.
I might actually pick up the Manga of Mob Psycho 100 at some point.
yeah obviously
original Naruto is so short though.
as in what you see "first" is always going to be best to you.
the whole golden age of anime debate type thing
my dbz comment was more like
different times though.
I don't get the hype with BNHA tbh
ain't no dragonballlllllllll Z.
pft BNHA
~~*whispers TTGL is the greatest thing ever and idc!*~~
if that makes sense.
you can tell they were made to look cool and not really be mechs tbh.
TTGL kinda relies on the person being willing to live with hype.
true.
*better check your ecchi tolerances*
throwing bullets out of cleavage is Tame?
I showed a couple of friends the transformations for Kiri and Chris this season and they were like "some of that is over the top" and I just laughed. :p
Throw in Konosuba and you can't lose.
coherent story telling helps a lot.
Yeah thats also important
if you gave them something episodic they'd probably pick and choose what episodes they enjoyed the most type thing and help you narrow down to the next rec.
so episodic vs arcs
You could pick something less based on genre and more based on story telling method
yeah thats a solid go to. or howls moving castle. but if you opened with Ponyo or some such they could feel its a bit childish if you get me.
like it would have to be the right movie or you could end up with a "oh no thats not for me too XYZ" type thing.
Miyazaki might also put them off depending on their tastes though.
Generally they'll have a taste in movies/shows I can kind of gauge off.
That depends on the person Im showing personally.
the only reason I still watch AoT is because its AoT and I expect absolute insanity.
AoT is fun just because of the wild ride.
and the story still got told in them it just felt like it was dragging a bit.
not like bad slow.
there were parts of the Dark Tournament arc that were really slow.
and then there were episodes that dragged for ages.
oh yeah there were arcs that shot by
It is. Yuu Yuu Hakusho tells its story pretty well even with the slowness.
but with more happening in the arcs because jeez Yuu Yuu Hakusho has some very slow moving arcs.
if it was 140 episodes long it'd be like Yuu Yuu Hakusho.
derp
yeah because of 90 episodes of filler
but its not part of the canonical story line
why would I watch 90 episodes of not real arcs.
or just go for the good ol' fake abs route
I couldnt do Genjuro justice without the hair and beard. also its a pink tie!
and a wig/hairdye... and obviously a beard c'mon :p
but Id wanna be in better shape... andddddddd be more confident... at like... dressing up.
I was considering cosplaying Genjuro at one point...
if demon slayer doesnt get a second season still made by ufotable Ill be highly disappointed
ooft original Macross is really good... but I don't think it's a required start point.
then be sad theres not anymore ðŸ˜¦
Net-juu is 10/10 do watch
I guess... since it portrays their real selves as their virtual selves?
*does net-juu count as isekai...*
I'd quite like to see a female MC in an isekai...
probably because I watched it after having watched so many newer isekai's that it felt cliche when it was what made the things that are cliches.
also I wasn't a big fan of Re:Zero
just a shame about the story choices but ah well.
like... instead of the usual "Oh yeah Im OP" actually building to a rise in power was kinda nice.
Shield hero had some alright ideas... the execution was just eh.
not an isekai though.
Endro was pretty good fluffs.
*looks at original Nanoha*
like I couldnt of watched is the order a rabbit if I hadn't of really needed to feel happy and comforted.
to watch certain SoL shows I really need to be in the right mood or its a waste of time.
WHY WONT PROMARE COME TO THE UK ~~I hate this country~~
thats how I was introduced to it so :p
Ahhh
Hoping he manages to watch them all at some point... the only issue is that he needs Polish subtitles ðŸ˜¦
I included, Demon slayer, Death Parade, Hinamatsuri, Vinland Saga, Kings Avatar and Im sure there was something else but Ive forgotten it
I recently gave my friend a list of anime to watch.
Ahahah
<@456226577798135808> as what?
every season is just getting more and more isekai heavy
tech is definitely a really big factor too though.
I know one non ufotable fate was hot garbage
like my only interest in watching Fate is probably for some fight scenes.
I hope demon slayer is the start  to them expanding a bit.
not surprising though... after their work with Fate.
Ufotable has just been top tier.
in production time etc.
like OVAs vs seasonal stuff is a very big gap.
money doesnt always equate quality animation though.
that chart is "Im a 2000s anime fan but still quite normie/popularist."
Ahah uh maybe give me like a week to get all my stuff that I am watching actually into watching and not just "plan to watch" on my list so I can see how much free time Ill have
have fun. and it never is. looks like this season will be a backlog catchup season for me maybe
I should really finish legends of galactic heroes.
theres a seven deadly sins bit coming soon. another season of kings avatar
well I have Dr Stone and Vinland Saga from last season
aha
I mean thats the only way to look at it or else you never learn.
I need to actually look into this seasons anime I suppose.
awwwwww. failures just another step on the path to success!
but... my local shop sells so little fruit that I like ðŸ˜¦
I eat fruit for breakfast etc. and I did snack earlier in the year/last year on fruit when I was comforty eating.
waiting for YT subs ðŸ˜¢
I havent finished geah yet
ahah Im terrible Aya. I told <@!247701824335904770> I was gonna stop snacking and I havent. Ive failed horribly ðŸ˜¦
like anime... getting fit... or continuing my japanese studies :p
I dont really game anymore
I feel like I could draw if I put time into it... but Id rather use that time else where :p
I quite like the differentiation between a cartoonist and an animator.
that is true.
*there is no animation without drawing*
NO TIME LIKE THE PRESENT
mhm. even with scanning paper though you have tech that allows easier corrections surely vs cel
its hand drawn in a different fashion though?
like, animation isnt exactly getting better. but the ability to create to a certain level becomes easier and easier with newer technology. looking at the amount of time you get to animate for a seasonal show for instance... would never have been viable in the 80s.
the amount of time saved can be massive.
you look at what someone coming up in the industry can do with relative ease vs what they had to do hand drawn in the 80s
looks interesting though
so much edge.
but then some types benefit from being like 3 panels etc.
Certain types of comedy require dynamics yeah
So I mean... Im just sucking it up and learning to read Japanese... Slowly...
I feel like Id be forcing myself to try to enjoy it and that just makes it harder to do really.
I mean I intend to read a lot more manga for a lot of series I have watched as time goes on. The only real benefit for anime is the fact that no matter how niche it is, its likely someone has subs for it. With my general dislike of reading on digital devices... I only tend to read hardcopy manga etc which means it requires an English license for me to read it... Limits myself I know but.. I just can't enjoy Manga/Comics etc on a digital device :/
I think I'd rather read Berserk than watch any anime adaptation.
I seee. I was trying to find a clip Ive seen a few times but I cant find it for the life of me...
I cant even find the thing I want to look at right now..
was it?
the power point slide show was good?
though that animation makes me sad ðŸ˜¦
You made the original Berserk anime Solo? YOU MONSTER!
and Ill give them a try Aya
cool. was considering beasters tbh. theAnimeMan mentioned it in what he would be watching this season.
Im already watching No Guns life. Oresuki and Hataage Ill have a look at.
fire away
Anyone got any recs for this season?
Ive only watched the original Macross. I thought it was important to see like the origin of the timeline if that makes sense. Past that theres no real connection between most of them I don't think? Except one of them has a couple of characters from the first one in it.
way to ruin a fun series with trashy level animation ðŸ˜¢
Like
Im so sad about this Seven Deadly Sins season...
I was prepared for a very dark cross over.
No English dub at that cinema at all. It had one showing at 7.30 and that's it. I wouldn't watch it dub anyway. I've waited this long I can wait until January/Feb hopefully I guess... Fucking typical.
SON OF A TODAY WAS THE ONLY SHOWING IN ABERDEEEN FUCKING FUUUUCK.
how have you seen promare thats unfair.
cant even see any Vue cinema showings rn :/
Oh nice. I'll have to find a showing near me.
the konosuba films next week?
just finished part 3 of JoJos Bizarre Adventure. Actually enjoying it a lot more than I thought I would have.
I dont think I can preorder off this site just based on my limited guess work of what things go where ahah oh dear.
my japanese isnt good enough to navigate this website ruh roh
yeah I saw
oh wow jesus 70 quid for that promare blu ray ooft
guess Ill have to go preorder that then.
ðŸ˜¦
ooohhh
<@!246146781832806401> my copy too? â¤ï¸
lucky you... I dont get that chance ðŸ˜¦
I only watched 11 of them though. But even so Im glad most of those 11 are where they deserve to be or close to it imo.
really quite well deserved for varying reasons.
Im quite happy with alot of those top anime of 2019 rankings...
Ill give erai a go with something this time around.
nono mate he clearly said deadly queen
KILLER QUEEN?!
whats that
look everyone knows the best subs are Jojo subs.
they've gone that lazy huh?
HS really isn't that bad though.
like horriblesubs didnt do beastars... so had to use PAS.
horriblesubs unless theres no horriblesubs then its whatevers available
oh and madoka whats it called.
dorohedoro, plunderer, somali to mori no kamisama apparently.
lets see what am I even going to watch next season
huehue I know
if Im not watching stuff all the time I can play games or do other things or like I said watch something older.
yeah. I enjoy having varied amounts of things to watch tbh
some people do that though
Ill like pick out 2-8 :p
like I dont sit and pick out 20-30 shows to watch in a season just because its a season
I mean I don't really care. like if theres nothing really to watch in a season I just go watch something older usually.
I need to finish with my catchup of last seasons anime so I can go have a look at this coming seasons offerings... possibly feeling like I might go out of my comfort zone a bit.
true.
I think its more of a catch all term and less of a genre tbh.
even being sent to Mars would be under that definition?
technically isekai just means another world so.
~~log horizon says hello~~
ah whole nation or town being Isekai'd?
Japan annexed itself from the globe. Something about protecting all the waifus.
I only read manga in hard copy cuz Im weird.
does it have an official Englando translation in hard copy?
I might read it some time
Bell will be gentle...
dont you worry Aya
that came out of nowhere.
like the bit where they fight whats his names familia
CAN WE GET SOME ACTUAL PLOT LINES
PLOT LINES
ehhhhhhhh
it was kinda... like
danmachi
oh
what was released with an S2 this year after a long wait period uhh
a quality thing its more peoples interest
oh yeah its not like
after waiting so long
hope it doesnt flop like most season 2s do
yeah
yeah Im not gonna. Im just being vague.
like I remember towards the end having a bit about sins but not alot?
the show didnt get too much into that did it?
used whatever had the most seeds.
I cant remember now though and I deleted it all anyway.
oh I think I used DDY
whose subs did I use for Re:zero hm
you noob.
just translate everything yourself Aya
I dont expect it to be good anyway :p
ðŸ˜„
its like boom theres HS
plus HS is just fast.
since I cant read that much Japanese the stack of 20 or so books will take a while.
only 4 volumes per box but still
I have two more packages to arrive from japan with manga in them hopefully
lmao
I have a stack of like... 20 japanese Manga I need to get through first.
Im not allowed to buy any manga or anything rn
one day
looks like the LNs have official English so :p
basically any media that has pages I prefer hard copy.
yeah LN as well
just finished watching vinland saga. ooft
I dunno if I have time to fit it in. Not that I'm currently watching a heap of things. Just long running shows etc... Still not finished ginga eiyuu densetsu...
I dunno if I should watch BNHA some time or not. I see so much about it though.
thats also a fair point.
"OH SO THATS HOW MY POWER WORKS?!"
would've been an easy arc to have early on...
no way it can go wrong ever nuh uh
what dya mean using all your power at once is a bad idea...
Im only watching that plunderer dorohedoro magirecord and heya camp shorts I guess this season.
I knew I recognised Somali's voice from somewhere.
Madoka 2.0
that Shirabe message though
ah okay
ahhh.. how much bonus Re:Zero stuffs is there?
like investing in their staff is a cost of getting better products... :p
no its not but the investment KyoAni put into Violet Evergarden must have been immense.
but I don't want like... too many things done that way at the same time.
I'm really looking forward to what KyoAni put out next with that style of animation
it is a compromise and I'd rather they compromise there than somewhere more important
it looks good and it works.
I mean I find no issue what so ever with how Ufotable do things
ahah
KyoAni has no real camera trickery in Violet Evergarden.
Ufotable have to cut corners for that though
ehhh
sooooooooo unless other studios start putting money into making better animation... yes yes we are.
cuz profit obvs.
without too much cost.
most studios just turn out an a decent/pretty high quality level of animation as quickly as they can
to get that kind of result
I imagine KyoAni spent LOADS of money
I mean lets be fair right
Violet Evergarden has a lot of positive notes and the animation is just sooooo worth it.
but I keep getting scared that shes gonna get eaten D:
Golem daughter is sooo good
or evil AND dead.
I think you may have a bit of a fetish for evil.
ahah :p
beatrice is just next level sass and I love it
you know I meant between Rem and Emilia :p
ahah
who is best girl? ðŸ¤”
important question
like Demon Slayer right now if you hadn't seen it if you were like somewhat into Anime and wanted to watch it and you were in some surface level anime spheres you'd likely of seen a spoiler.
its not too hard to avoid spoilers for popular things though... like if their time has passed. Re:Zero aired quite some time before I watched it so like... it wasn't being talked about a massive amount.
I went in blind as well
depends what the wall says really...
oh boy.
just start to worry if the writing starts being on the wall...
ahah thought so :p
like so. but more red stuff.
shop*
with heaps of string all over the sho
I like to imagine Aya has a cork board near by
everything merges into one for me so... Im not help
dun make me cry ðŸ˜¢
I CANT DEAL WITH THOSE ARCS OKAY
yeah I imagine so :p
I don't feel like rewatching all of Re:Zero for like 2-3 Scenes :p
okay cool ahah
nono even tanks in guilds are bad.
99% of wipes are tanks faults. Prove otherwise. ðŸ¤”
they ALWAYS get things wrong okay
huehue
have you never played WoW?
tanks are bad.
just had a quick browse through more stuff to watch this season... decided Id pick up shield girl, Keep Your Hands Off Eizouken and Rikekoi.  To see what they're like.
WoD
they were just bad comapritvely
uhh that was in... legion and thingy. I mean they werent bad bad
even when I was cutting edge raiding our tanks were still ehhhhhh
my only issue with original Macross is the level of writing. But thats just 80s story telling really I guess.
I dunno thats really hard to do when it leads off of something.
and season 1 was baller.
I know its not as good as season 1.
Ive not yet watched S2 of log horizon I dunno if I can deal with disappointment
Ill get to it at some point :p
I have a lot of catching up on this seasons stuff anyway currently. And gotta finish JoJo part 5
I mean I imagine Ill still enjoy it.
a uh... log horizon season 3?!
I mean as far as Im aware anyway. The manga was going to be going for 2 more years from 2019.
because its where the Anime ends?
think its got a year or so to run after the anime ends?
the manga isnt done.
just watched ep1 of shield girl... seems decent enough :p
I am so hyped for weathering with you tonight ðŸ˜„
yeah so stupid
that got me a bit yeah. there were a lot of very elated moments though which I loved ðŸ˜„
still had top tier music AND visuals. was surprised at the lyrics for the music... though the type setting was a bit funny.
Weathering with you didn't have that. But I wouldn't say it suffered any from not having it.
like Garden of Words and your name had moments that really like kicked you hard when you realised what had happened
yeah thats what I mean
there wasnt a Makoto shinkai moment though which surprised me.
sooo weathering with you was good ðŸ˜„
it does and thats what I was getting at. With 264 most people don't bother a lot of the time because of the effort/quality losses. With 265 it doesn't really matter anymore because the level of quality is so much higher... But 265 isn't wide used yet sadly...
doing nothing means you end up with no real loss of quality so its usually the "easiest" way to do things.
for some groups that encode things they either decide to do nothing or actually bother to make the choices to get the file size smaller.
I mean with any form of encoding its generally a balancing act
gimme my 100MB file sizes on 1080p stuffs noa!
wtb 265 as normal already
I mean its probably mostly still all 264 encoding anyway
most 1080p anime I download weekly is 1.3-1.5GB sized.
or just above normal anyway like its not excessively large.
thats normal though?
uhh
like a 20 something episode file was 22GB~
from when I hit download and put it into a folder etc the sub files looked like normal sized 1080p files to me
the only things bigger than it that I have right now are uhm
its also all 1080p
lmfao
(no wonder all my hdd space is being eaten gradually...)
and I still have 50ish episodes of Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu left to watch as well.
I need to finish downloading Naruto Shippuden really first but eh
oh nice I guess Ill add that to my torrent list... for when I finally get around to watching Monogatari
I could but that seems like extra steps.
it happened... I found an anime uploaded in 265 yayyyyyy
oh boy. I feel like Ill watch monogatori before I finish watched Haruhi...
He totally filled that in and we all know it.
part 5 Im 27 episodes into. its interesting just seeing how much its changed between like era's it was made in.
4 months? I think
yeah Ive uh watched parts 1-4 in like
anyway back to Jojo I go... almost done with Golden Wind :p
*apparently Connor has no shame so... usually funny*
Gigguk whenever he uploads and CdawgVA on occasion just to see how Connors destroying his life.
I watch TheAnimeMan (Joey) when I feel like it. Usually a few days after his videos come out. He has a great series called "lets fight" where he takes peoples opinions off twitter and generally destroys them in a fantastic manner if they're stupid.
His views on anime are generally pretty balanced. Like he properly critics what he likes and he likes a very wide variety of things. Probably one of my favourite sources for older/lesser known stuff. Though he usually goes "heres a manga Im reading" and then I cry because I cant read that much japanese yet.
Yeah. Like he's nowhere near as popular as Joey and he doesn't really upload all that often/have on going series' etc. So when he does make a video it kind of needs to generate revenue as much as possible.
tbh Gigguk tends to do "popular" videos because thats what his audience wants. He's still watching Gear I believe so the small mention of XV was his way of being like "yes its a thing I acknowledge it exists!" But his videos detailing certain parts of anime are generally really well done and quite interesting. Tbh I really enjoyed when he went over the "rise and fall of mecha". Those types of history-esq videos are always nice from him or Joseph The Animation Man.
An American not understanding Gigguks sense of humour... He must still be too British..
yeah I mean Jojo draws heavily from pop culture at the time of Araki drawing it and it shows. His reference materials are really diverse as well. I watched a couple of YT videos where he draws everyone and uses reference material as he goes... And it was absolutely ooft. I'm quite glad that I actually watched it.
moved it out of the read only folder... changed the name to a shorter file name and now it works..
also fixed the issue with my ghibli films maybe woo
though when I watch promare Ill go in the lounge and have the surround sound on.
Id rather have it on my PC in digital format than on a disc. :p
blurays only have a collectible value to me and no actual like... "go watch it" value.
and I sold my PS4 cuz I never used it ahahah
no PS3 nope :p
because PC bluray players are subject to licensing software fuckery... where basically they can force you into buying a new one just by going "this one doesnt get more security updates so you cant play the latest things anymore" >.<
doesnt have a bluray player...
I dont own a bluray player :p
well guess the 50GB of ghibli films I downloaded was a waste of time... gonna go grab promare.
ðŸ¤·â€â™‚ï¸ what even.
okayyy so trying to edit the filenames.. cant because read only... cant specify not read only because system cant find files.
though its odd because some of them are totally fine.. with names just as long o.O
seems to be too long filename maybe.
looking at the properties window some of the files have paths like \?\G:\AnimeTV\Backlog or Non-Seasonals\Ghibli\[AnimeRG] Studio Ghibli Film Collection (Movies From 1984-2016) [1080p] [BD] [Multi-Audio] [Multi-Sub] [HEVC] [x265] [Batch] [pseudo] the \?\ shouldnt be there obviously o.O
Sooo I recently got a hold of a ghibli collection torrent... andddd some of the files play... but others dont... upon having looked at the properties the security tab is completely missing from some files. But the torrent completed downloading...
wait wait wait you mean I *shouldn't* watch anime based on MAL scores?!
idk some of the top 10 aren't that bad.
lol
I would definitely remember such an event... ðŸ¤”
No I'm not.
Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3 part 2 is my God and I'll pray to it.
oh yeah the first half was slow but it was also a lotttttt of world building though
I need to watch the two films...
mind blowing though.
I wouldn't say it was like
lmao. I mean Made in Abyss was draw droppingly gorgeous for me. Musically too was on point.
I use MAL for my list. Cba to move to something else.
And completely disregard the MAL score.
every season Ill scroll through whats coming out. Click stuff that grabs my attention via art/genres and maybe off my favourite YT'ers suggestions etc and read the synopsis.
I use it to read synopsis'
finally got to watch Promare ðŸ˜ is all I have to say.
its more like... how everything comes together if that makes sense.
its not so much the dark elements because yeah there have been those types of things in Mahou Shoujo for ages.
if just to understand how it had an effect on the mahou shoujo genre.
yeah I get what you mean. its worth a watch though.
and yeah dont watch it without seeing madoka first.
and I mean Madoka doesnt really have strong characters anyway tbf.
yeah magia record mb forgot the record bit lul. I quite like it. It has some story issues but episode 5 is where it startings kind of clicking.
just watched episode 5 of magia as soon as that theme started playing I got goosebumps ðŸ˜
just expect promare to be trigger hype
yeah. :p
see its really hard to remember... because Im sure in Overlord he talks about grinding for hours after work
or am I miss remembering
ains is a salary man iirc
but I cant even remember what overlord episode has the dialogue Im thinking of :/
doesnt help the overlord wiki obviously has Ains' age even for his irl counterpart.
I remember the line you mean but Im not certain about it tbh
oh yeah that Somali episode was ooft.
sooo I finally finished DL'ing the monogatari collection... theres an included watch order sheet with it. I should just watch it in broadcast order right?
yeah Im watching broadcast order. had to figure out how far I got in bake so I had somewhere to start again. think I got it right as Im pretty sure Ive seen the snail part 3 before so yay.
plot twist, Subaru figures out his powers. But he has only one life left by this point... Its too late... He's managed to attain happiness... But when he figures it out he's at an impossible choice. :p
yeah no budget for reflapping of lips.
although dubs gotten better... I still feel like most of the time the English just doesn't have the same... gravitas for situations alot of the time.
*yet*
also Ive not seen Madoka yet.
but you said Alice is the boss so I was too slow.
nevermind was going to go for a fun rebellion joke.
so uh where do you want these lemonades Ibu?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM-CIvMEqUs  <@!388516680742993933>  have some lemons.
whoop :p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dhuhf6wVOaQ this is also awesome. Ive spent the last two or so years... just listening to mostly sheepy stuff. chilltrap/step etc.
that works surprisingly well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfk2l-f7uBQ <@!102691114762371072> sheepy so good. :p
you already dess and now you throw in sheepy as well. cant believe it.
NO ITS GREAT
link a sheepy track?!
saki.. did you.. did you just
communism increases.
those dont look splodey to me.
ahah ight.
its the internet, it derails all the time.
I DONT WANT TO WEAR A MAID OUTFIT
oh god
kidnapping people without dinner first is rude.
gotta take me to dinner first sheesh.
wow I hope I get a date out of this.
but Im a franxx fanboi ðŸ˜¦
yeah guys come on. dont ruin the madoka for me.
but I saw a lot of really good feedback/some of the scenes and it just looks awesome so.
I wasnt planning  on watching it on season
yeah
to catch up.
and then Im gonna start watching megalo
Ive got 2 eps of cavalry left
other than it did a really good job of being what it is
not much really
just uh
"yeah it made me literally cry, I know Ill give it an 8" good thinking.. pftsh.
what is wrong with my life
why did I only give it an 8
because you like the feels. admit it!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQYBYXjSIf0 the atmosphere that a full orchestra gives the OST of Kimi no Na wa is so awesome.. cant believe I didnt find this till today.
I mean it depends really.
not having to wait each week would make it nicer
itd actually make a really good binge watch as well
ahh shame. Id suggest it though
plus they are cute girls. winwin
be prepared for some absolutely amazingly well written characters that youll empathize super hard with.
it isssssss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tqz1EstJi8 the OST to sora yori mo tooi basho is just so great I love it...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3bQnX_sIXk&list=RDGMEMYH9CUrFO7CfLJpaD7UR85wVMk3bQnX_sIXk&start_radio=1 listening to Kygo always makes me want to go enjoy life in some noice sunny country... doing all the fun things.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=384R5YTN_vA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl96xoBNFPI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkbJ90wwbO8 sighhh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ftl7-aQgywM&start_radio=1&list=RDFtl7-aQgywM dis song. such feels.
and yes, I listen to this about 4 times a day right now aha.
just.. the lyrics, the vocal hook... everything.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ftl7-aQgywM
right
omg
have you seen said the sky - over getting over you?
ðŸ˜„ great tracks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dhuhf6wVOaQ
I remember ahah.
*definitely not DMJii* just incase :p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPdYOzB--R4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Yl-DvkX0hY #GuPisGreat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POB-tqxgT5s&start_radio=1&list=RDPOB-tqxgT5s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJJSGVMs-3s&fbclid=IwAR0g38Gk9ZE21G2PqxoLq8i_lU26TKy-hXgG3XHpxA4ecUIEbT7ZokBevxU current mood is reflected far too well with this.
can we all agree that Hitler literally saved Germany via saving Volkswagen and that is insanity.
just like "ahahah good luck ahahah"
and putin just laughs.
Id die of laughter if Trump put troops on russian grounds in winter
dont even need to fight when you have mother nature yo
fatigue marching ftw
Napoleon was stronger than Russia but we all know how that went.
didnt expect those cute girls to be driving some tanks.
proxy wars are the way forward.
no more world wars plez.
this is how I win Civ games promise.
shitty land any day!
15k lives vs some shitty land
I read up about all the units I was using for the scenarios.
I feel bad that Ive lost all my knowledge of WW era tanks etc from when I worked on some mobile tank games.
I downloaded girls front line.. Buh I've barely played it. ðŸ˜‚ Need to actually read everything properly.
cause I wanna play breath of the wild etc
fair nuff when I have spare funds Ill look around when I got to get it
oh man theres a reddit dedicated to switch hacking
ehh nah. no CEXs where I live
:p
it costs 300 GBP~
so unfair
300 dollars
Im just saying I can learn/know what to do.
but alright I wont use a garunteed safe method other people are using. :p
I use to hack PSPs
uh
and emu all the goodness of games Ive wanted to play for ages on PC emus but always give up due to keybinding lazyness
I want a switch so I can hack it like a nerd
when it gets to like 4am I have to get up no matter what pretty much
:p I just turn mine off one by one
probably true
I miss the days where I would pull 48 hour gaming sessions to grind stuff
ahah I use to do that.
just to make sure I dont fall asleep again like I use to :p
yeah mines every 15 minutes too
I have alarms from 3am to 4:30 am lol
if not it sucked
which was fine so long as I could fall asleep at the right time.
I use to stick to REM sleep super hard
I function best on low amounts of sleep though
6 hours sleep best sleep.
I go to bed at 11pm and get up at 4am~ for work at 6am :p
Im not being abad influence.
got 3 more hours before you need to sleep
its 11:23
work starts at 8
yeahhh dragon quest caught my attention when I saw the release info
its been a while since Ive played a JRPG
I was kind of looking at xenoblade as well
forgot to /s my bad
I was being sarcastic
ahahah :p
but I hear the anime is greattttttttt
never touched persona before.
since like the end of march really I guess.
what month is this... may?
havent gamed in uh
I need to find a good RPG
wayyy too tempted to get a switch but I feel like I might just get breath of the wild play it then not touch the switch again.
theres loads of things I wanna get on PS4 Im just broke af.
played some Horizon zero dawn and crash lol..
I bought a PS4... and Ive barely played it since I got it
just..
its worth it
trust meeeee
and be prepared for some epic dubstep
noono look at <#447132690349555712>
now i have to go listen to this great song
that is to say, aperture science...
I hope you're  a man for the best and only kind of science there is.
"*research*"
*pretends to be innocent of the internet*
yeah cause youre all dirty pervs.
but yes the nazi.
well I didnt say it.
rule 34 though.
I shall not say where to though cause Ill get judged.
interesting God of War lewd fan art
Ive seen some... lets say
heheh
it cant be less than 2 otherwise you cant have friends youd have a friend.
I mean it has to be 2
you have friends?!
cause the disc slot is broken
was looking at how to make it so I can play games off my PS2 via a HDD
I kind of want to play the originals
god of war
uhh
yeah I need to get it, the last of us
only stopped recurring payments. for obvious reasons. *coughs* broke
I still have a month of plus actually
I had like 2 months of plus
yeah I know but when it was free
completely forgot D:
didnt grab bloodborne when it was free
fack
paid for 12 months didnt even play any online games..
also canceled my PS+ after I barely touched it... lol
to have to restart the grind at a later date
3-4 friends thatll get it on PC so didnt wanna grind out hard
yeah Ive not bought it for PS4 cause Ill have like
havent played MH since MHFU
Im hyped for MHW PC plez
otherwise I just do what I did with my PS4 and barely touch it.
if I have people to play games with and stuff
switch is a possible in the works
only got a PS4/PC rn
yeah
give it a shot ahah
it adds all the DLC but not the game as well lol
ohhhhhhh I see whats happening right
I was trynna use the super easy useful "add to cart" option for all 3. but nono fu valve shit client
valve Im buying it all at once you pleblords.
cant buy the DLC because I dont own mutiny
attempts to buy Mutiny + all DLC
anddddd then I forgot it all because I hate graphics programming.
I once knew almost everything about graphics pipe lines...
more so than why it happens being complex.
theres a lot of things that can make it happen
though I should say
screen tearing is a really complex thing
than what the screen can handle you derp
yeah and you cant draw more frames to the screen
yeah Ill give you that one sure.
do I really need to teach you how refresh rates work :/
you physically cant get more than 60FPS on a 60Hz monitor.
thats physically impossible :p
you cant see 200fps on a 60Hz monitor
uhh
that completely ruins everything though
imagine doing it manually
ahh not so bad then
be there sorting out rolls for fucking hours
rofl
288 die
so Im literally useless unless I really had to use it ahah
but make it so I some how have one nuke
see Id love to do something like that
ahah
explooooooshunnnnnnnn
lmfao
what even is the point of more than two ahah
36 8x D6s?
lol
and only one spell?
so you had like no mana
I feel so left out when people talk about D&D its something Ive always wanted to play but never had people to play it with ðŸ˜¦
critical failure lul
"you find cover, but unfortunately its a cardboard box"
and the yardage is based on success rate lmfao
I hope they have to roll to run though
"die less harder"
lol
like 4-6D6 would work out to roughly an average multiplied throw so to speak.
I mean small pool testing its not so bad
assuming all hit a 6
like your top damage is 1728 from 36 grenades
youve just lost out on like...
if you have 288 possible D6 Rolls and you roll a one
yup
though I guess most actual card games change almost yearly I suppose
idk. I think it really depends
yeah but its kinda lame to like play catch up
the only thing thats changed is the cards in the deck
exactly
mill rogues still mill rogue
mid range hunter is still mid range
control warrior is still control warrior
so nothing really changes
just the cards get changed about
the builds stay the same
well
before you had to buy 8 trillion things to keep your decks to the meta.
10 expansions ago
you know
I use to play hearthstone
*cries internally*
it got a bit more interesting at least.
but mechanically when you got to actually swapping shit about all the time
I mean the reason that FF13 was so bland was mostly due to its linear progression. and some failings in character writing.
I hope they patent that.
FF13 wasnt *that* bad. just linear af
bethesda announces skyrim for mobile. lul
y u mad cuz bad?!
lol
single player games have to have pretty high levels of stuff these days to keep my interest. like if its a god tier RPG Im all about that. Multiplayer if its again a god tier MMORPG Im all about that lul. not big on shooters though
I mean thats kinda what they do anyway Zolgnein. When you think about legitimate completely brand new IPs in the west at least... its extremely rare.
having such a thing happen to the games industry would as I said, open up the way for IP trolls buying up a bunch of old IPs when some company goes bust just so they can try it out on bigger studios.
patent trolls are rife. and so a lot of industries stagnate/businesses get killed by the slightest infringement.
thats how a lot of US industries actually work
I mean
its so vague.. I hope whatever court has to put up with it just goes "you're full of shit. no."
both have team death match game types et el. its just dumb..
because they both have weapons, that fire in first person perspective.
to me its like if Infinity Ward tried to sue Bungie years ago
yeah pretty much
the fact it has building mechanics completely changes the game.
like... the IP for fortnite is similar SURE
fortnites not even the same as well which just makes it better
cause thatll make it easy for companies to buy up old IPs and sue the fuck out of modern devs..
in the gaming industry... but he wants it to so he can make more money? and kill the industry
which apparently is suing for "IP infringement" when IP infringement doesn't fucking exist
so they can also be sued by PUBG
>probably full of lootboxes anyway. (though bethesda are somewhat not into that kinda thing at least)
a very very poor boy ðŸ˜¦
ahah Im a poor boy Kerrik
ahh :p
