Awesome
Hey everyone. I guess XV is to thank for a big influx of folk? I was wondering if there was a discord after watching episode 1 lol. Excited for the banter.
Rough episode for Tsubasa. I wouldn't blame her if she quit her singing career after this. She certainly won't be in a hurry to do stage performances again
Taking a closer look at it it's a bigger departure from the standard design of her Symphogear than any of the other powered up forms have been
I wonder what the new gold design Hibiki had at the end of the opening is. Some combination of Alchemic Gold and X-Drive?
Just seen the new episode. Not sure if I'm feeling the new transformation, but it was a fun ep regardless.
I'm holding out for a post-series movie to give us a final conclusion, even if it's a bit of a pipe dream lol
I didn't mind it so much in AXZ because it was much more condensed than it was in GX
I mean, it's not guaranteed that's what they'll do. It's just the impression that I get
Since everyone got one, they're probably also gonna follow a formula where each character gets an episode to show theirs off.
Hibiki's new transformation is kind of awkward and seems to remove some things iconic to the character (gauntlets, scarf, martial arts). The new transformation doesn't seem to lend itself well to dynamic and stylish fight scenes. She spent most of the fight scene static or simply dashing forward.
Problems I had, the labyrinth trap the enemies come up with was an interesting concept that they did absolutely nothing with. It may very well have been a generic force field.
OKay, let's see. Things I liked this ep were them bringing back Saint-Germain. Referencing Syphogear Live with the Hanasaku Yuki duet. The first fight scene of the episode was really nice too. Most of the non-action scenes were fine,  building on Tsubasa having changed and building intrigue around that bracelet.
Given how apocalyptic Adam's dying speech at the end of AXZ was, the direction they've gone in with the stuff regarding the Custodians in this season feels a little strange. I was expecting some kind of large scale conflict involving them or something
This season is really liking the boomerang comeback trope. I've never seen so many instances of "Ha! you missed!" "Did I?" in a season of a show, lol
