Bitch
<:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
dess_timely
Dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_$
dess_timely
:(
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_$
jesus heck rady is rich
dess_timely
dess_timely
rady what the heck
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
dess_$
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_rob GMKgoji
hmmm
Lots of money
dess_$
dess_timely
dess_$
I forgot this yesterday
dess_timely
dess_timely
FUCK I FORGOT TO DO THIS TODAY
dess_rob a bank
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_$
dess_timely
totally not doing some evil plotting or anything
i mean uhhh
I wonder if I could make an alt that was actually a bot that automatically did dess_timely every 20 hours and occasionally give the coins to me...
dess_timely
dess_timely
okay
Rady do you ever actually pull cards?
Sorry
Wait wrong channel for the pull
rv_pull "Mainstay" 1
dess_$
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_overthrow the government
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_iam running out of idea for joke commands
dess_timely
dess_give me money
dess_timely
dess_timely
<:MillarcPlead:663522911067570176>
dess_help me get my life together
dess_seize the means of production.
dess_timely
what if I said please?
wait what
dess_declare me as the rightful king of everything
dess_give me self confidence.
dess_timely
dess_$
dess_timely
crap I forgot about this
dess_timely
Free hugs for everyone
yes pwease
<:KanadeSmile:672455286392356884>
^^^
Imagine instead of being all like "The shortest, straightest path!" Bikki just says "YOLO LMAO"
"Fuck it"
So basically
aaaah I see
oh my god you're right
can we please rename <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025> to :TsubasaFrustrated: or something that starts with tsubasa so it's right next to the rest of the Tsubasa emotes?
she's gonna hack her way into your heart <3
elfnein shows off her epic hacking skills
^
Shemmy has yet to roast me. I think she likes me :>
:<
what if I put salt on the grass what then
what's a joke
<:GenjuurouThumbsUp:336657189475188740> 'ello!
Hellooo!
Hello!
Welcome!
Welcome!
Hello cool person
That's cool
That cool with you?
Only those whomst are of rather significant coolness levels are present here. Think you're not cool? Well guess what, you're wrong. You're cool, I'm cool, we cool, everyone's cool.
Ayyyy welcome to our server of cool kids.
Welcome!
Welcome!!
Welcome!
Welcome!
Chris arguably has the best S1 song.
Wait you mean Chris isn't the main character?
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
Welcome!!!
Welcome!!!!
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
thank you :)
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
Can't wait to watch 100 hours worth of youtube tutorials
I actually really want to make a game like that as well, but I should keep to one thing at a time.
Kinda reminds of a 90s throwback shooter. Especially with the first part.
I really like "Encounter"
Thanks for everything, by the way :)
Aye aye! I'll give 'em a quick listen
I once used it when I was trying to make a top down shooter, and that was a long long time ago
I was gonna ask that of you, actually. And I think??? I haven't used it in a long time, I don't remember.
I forgot whether or not I even had the full version of gamemaker
Thanks! Lemme do it in <#495331732887699466>
How do I do the dess remind thing?
I'm gonna continue brainstorming and maybe make a quick proof of concept in gamemaker when I get home
Sort of??? I'm thinking a platformer with puzzles and such.
I'm thinking for the standard 6 bullets though that the player pre-determines a path for the bullet that it follows when fired. It doesn't have to be in a straight path as well.
That's what I'ma do.
The basic concept is all I know of it.
I feel like I can make a fun mechanic out of it. Again though, I need to do more research. I actually don't even know what happens when the guy fires the 7th one, or if he even fires it in the story.
I wanna base it off of the opera "Der Freischütz," where the guy has 7 bullets he got from a deal with the devil, and they're basically magic and never miss. The seventh one though is at the absolute disposal of the devil himself. I'm gonna do more research on the opera  and it's story so I can get a better idea of it.
Thanks so much man, this has given me a lot of motivation. I actually already have an idea for the game I wanna make.
I definitely do really love drawing, I also really want to make a video game of my own in the future so it would really help with that.
Nearly all arts have a similar learning curve,  don't they?
Aye aye! I wanna get one of those drawing tablets, I feel like I'd be able to do a lot better with the power of t e c h n o l o g y
<@193408538909868033> thx for the comment btw. <3
Slowly improving. I still need to work on proportions, dimensions, all that jazz.

Another really crappy drawing of mine, now with a slightly better hat.

My hand is always shakey and I don't know how to draw actual hair.
I'm not exactly the best at drawing.
Posted this in the wrong channel earlier


So I wrote up a small script to practice a bit of voice acting with. My throat kinda hurts thanks to allergies so it's far from perfect
Yeah the annoyed look is what I'm going for, and also I honestly dunno if it's a companion because these characters didn't exist before this drawing and I don't have a name for either of them.
How about y'all? Any thoughts?
I haven't got a name for either of the characters, this was really just sort of an experiment.
But overall I think it's swell
Probably went overboard with the shadows

I'm not sure if I want to do the same character though...
Give it more personality, right?
I think I could try that
Like, tilt it?
???
But like, what kind of details? Freckles, maybe?
Yeah I suppose so
Yeah I'm a big fan of long coats like that. But yeah it's the face in general that I feel needs substantial improvement
This boi I made quite a long time ago (sorry it's a bit crumpled)
Odd
well
I have a folder full of some of my older character drawings. I dunno what it is by they all feel very uncanny for me
Thank you!
I'm bad at drawing <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
I drew an axe
I wish I was good at drawing <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
Quite well made!
i voice-acted that one bit of obvious forshadowing with the two scientist before they let Gordon into the test chamber in HL1
<:SoppoHuggu:692059852003999754>
this one was made at 128x128.
the file name says remastered but it's actually made from scratch, as in i didn't just scale up and modify the other one.

The original resolution was 64x64 but I turned it up so that it would actually be easily visible on discord.
Thanks!
ye
but I would like to hear what people think of it.
i guess
So it's kinda shit.
Or art in general.
I don't do pixel art often
Made a pixel art thing

Very cool!!!
Regardless, please tell me what you like about it as well as your criticisms so I can improve!
Also I'm far from an experienced writer, so please keep an open mind.
It's only the first incomplete draft, and I started writing when I was a tad tired.
WIP story thing
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VM8j0Gx8SqgdP4s7hieiUdXRWCZyIgkF1glck4LcQls/edit?usp=sharing
I honestly think I might need help from someone for the sprites
Trying to make non-placeholder sprites for it, but I have no artistic talent :(
Trying to make an RPG, but you can hardly tell since I haven't even got half of the basics down
I've recently started to really try and get into programming, Matt helped with everything you see in that video.

Maybe
I should try learning japanese.
Gambatte?
I should read some of the stories people here have made, I usually learn well from observation
Aye aye!
Thank you very much! Sorry if I sound like a broken record rn. A tad tired, but regardless I AM keeping this in mind and I do thank you for your feedback!
<:TsubasaNote:689554460044820608>
Thank you! I'll keep all this in mind. I should enable it so that people can leave comments on the doc...
It's a her btw. But I guess that's my fault that it isn't stated anywhere.
Sounds good
Thanku
Did anyone read my small draft?
Could still use some work but I think it looks p good
Shaded.

Thank you :)
Also colored it in and added a little grip thingy onto the handle. Need to add some shading.
Friend helped me with the curves.

The "curves" are all ultra linear.
Making proper curves
HAving trouble

<@!457268466429329429> That looks so freaking good aAfbjhfgsdhgjbhfdh]
nice
I'm kinda considering just getting a friend to help me with the sprites and stuff.
Though in it's current state it's just a tech demo showing off the highly advanced mechanic of being able to move.
A turn-based RPG taking place in Viking-Era Norway, or maybe a fictional area similar to it.
:(
I actually scaled it down halfway through making it because I realilzed that it was originally too big to be used as intended in a game thing I wanna make but probably will never get around to
naisu
thank youuu
Thought you were referring to my drawing for a moment and didn't know what to think
Haven't applied shading yet, as you can probably see.
E

also I changed the drums up a bit.
clicking should be fixed.

The drums are the only-premade thing, the rest I did myself (with instruments that theprogram gave me ofc
it saved the god dang tempo clicking aaaaa
made this in like 2 hours in garage band...I'm not very good at this but I'm trying to get better

you may also notice that it does not have a texture.
made a sword in blender. very new to this so it's obviously far from perfect.
made some water.
I'll probably try my hand at making the graphics myself first.
maybe
the game I wanna make is just a sandbox-y jrpg with a very comfy vibe.
i'll probably just end up hiring an actual experienced artist for my game once I uh...y'know...have money.
yay :)
should I desaturate it a bit more?

aye
crappy placeholder graphics that I'm actually somewhat proud of.
aaaah I see.
did you make the model yourself?
I like it!
Ty all :)
Ty very much :)
Shall keep it in mind
I seeee, ty ty.
I didn't use a reference, though I probably should.
<:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
Tyyyy
Any feedback, especially advice, is very appreciated.
Generic anime girl drawing (probably not good enough to be shown off here but screw it)
I'll get 'em one day./
the high notes at the end are a pain.
tyy :)
https://youtu.be/TgGE08usNNY
Made a very scuffed cover of a song I really like. Definitely needs a lot more work, tons of off timing and voice cracks and so on.  It's probably gonna be awhile before I can truly do this beautiful song justice but god damn I'm gonna do it one day. Just not today probably...or this year.
That looks so insanely good.
Hmmm. I can try. My phone's camera is pretty bad lol.
Tyyyy. Honestly I'd do art more often if my hands weren't so shakey
Tyyyy
Not sure if I've shown this off before, mainly because it looks just the same as my other drawings of generic anime girls. Made a few mistakes, face is too long, proportions are off, ect...
Mhm! Two point perspective.
Have I showed y'all this before? I made it in art class awhile back
I like it a lot!
I wish I knew how to make an accompanying instrumental track...
Please do share what you think, if you want to!
actually screw it here's the audio track. Cringe your heart out.
This is really good! I checked out your other songs too, they all have a very nice vibe!
The lyrics probably need to be made a lot more nuanced tbh
The song is about my big sad and how I try to cope with it by reminding myself that I love my friends and they love me.
First rough draft of a song I'm in the process of writing. I did also record an audio track of me singing it but it's very rushed as it's only meant for me to remember the rhythm and so I'm too embarassed to show it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSG4c2eNj4g
awesome!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TI6eV2ZmWKM LET'S GOOOOO
gotcha.
Also we might wanna move to DMs or something so we don't flood this chat.
Do you know where to install them?
there's loads of lite voicebanks.
synth v's free version is pretty good.
very easy to work with.
I highly recommend synth v
sorry lol
ahh I getcha.
i can't tell if this is a positive or negative reaction.
first 40 seconds drafted up for my first original vocalsynth song. pretty much started from scratch after I realized I had no idea what I was doing previously.
pls lemme know what you think
WIP music thing with earthbound soundfont
okay last pixel art thing for today I just wanted to show you the little guy
how do I fix that.
it's supposed to be waves oof.
just noticed a single misplaced pixel i am deceased
water is nice
I feel like I could've done a better job with the shading dithering stuff.
I wanna make a yume nikki fangame someday.
Have to stop myself from going overboard with them sometimes.
i like shadows so much they always look so pretty.
Everyone seems to agree on saying it's cute lol. I'm glad!!!!!
A screenshot of one of the pixel art tiles I made, too.
I forgot to share the finished version of my earthbound soundfont song, here ye go
Ty both so much for the support btw!!!
3-2 in favor of the first voice across all the places I've asked.
making a cover of my favorite song, before I go any further I wanted to get some opinions: which of these two voices sounds better?
updated! probably the last time I'm gonna post it until it's finished.
according to a friend of mine who's a music theory nerd, the main track is in the key of c mixolydian which is a hell of a name.
wip thing with the mother 3 soundfont.
I like the little squish when they land.
oh wow this is really good.
i have made the decision.
i wasn't asking. that's his name now.
his name is john.
oh shit nvm
what if I just robbed you. what then
icey. bluey. bluey icey
um. um.
...i'm bad with names
now give me five bucks
i remember I think
i can sort of hear it.
np!!! :>
song is very very good btw! 100% has that summer vibe.
yup, just added it to the wishlist.
isn't there a remaster of it out? or am I thinking of another game with mana in the title?
Maybe I should actually
I've never played secret of mana.
np :>
Gonna check this out as soon as I hop on my PC.
Tysm!!!!
the original for comparison.
a remix that someone else made of my music :>
i seeee, sounds nice!
Made a few songs for some friends and wanted to share these two
Can I have some
I made pixel art of one of my OC, say hi to Tyratomagoth she's my favorite lovecraftian monstrosity
another WIP music piece 👍
i dunno how i'm gonna do the arms and all the more complicated stuff but I'll figure it out eventually
trying to make a 3D model 👍
mayhaps
made some updates to this
WIP song, supposed to be sort of a boss fight thing. Used the earthbound soundfont for it
Lever action, nice
oh shit we got BRICKS!
he's tall now wtf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxHZYy682Ng I released a WIP preview of my next song, listen if you'd like to pls
they took my house's textures. Can't have shit in detroit
makes me think of credits music for some kind of "bad" ending in a game or something
nice!
so true
nana????????
Military History mostly
I'm a tad bit of a history nerd myself
oh fuck
oh dear godf
<@!263983345669505025> How much space does it take up on your hard drive?
dess_.. timeline
dess_..timeline
Not sure
I thought she was 15 in GX though?
Ah, thank you for the explanation.
So she is confirmed Ukranian
I mean if she really is Polish it'd be accurate, since Poland has a large Jewish population last time I checked.
Meh
Ah yeah, that's true
She's Ukrainian I believe
Yeah, it does actually
In that one image if you scroll way up
Why does dess have Beer?
The Maria one has a nipple bump
Luftwaffe-chan?
<@193408538909868033> Can you DM me that Oktoberfest fic as well?
Just drink in moderation, Kiri.
Oh, I see.
I'm pretty sure you would need actual citizenship for that country
Probably, but even then I don't think it's legal to just travel to a place where the drinking age is lower so you can drink.
Drinking age in Japan however is 20
She is obiding by the l a w
So she is 16 in GX, good
ayyy
I like
I am unable to do that as I do not have breasts as per the fact that I am male.
Ah, I see.
Why are there so many pictures of people using their breast to hold cups?
ye ye
Kiri best girl
dess
It's dess
Not complaining tho
That's been reposted so many times
Wait, that's illegal
???
Is good
Either way she doesn't look so good.
Is it just me?
I think she's had too much linker
Kiri's eyes in that are...
Look at that face on the figure
Stan energy
I wonder why
Hm
Who is that?
Nep cat
It would become redundant in about a month after he doubles the size of it.
Nice to see EdgeBikki getting sone love too.
Winners don't do drugs
















unless that drug is LiNKER
I suppose image files usually aren't that large though
Less than I expected tbh
<@263983345669505025> How much storage space does all of that take up?
First one I think is either a Benelli M3 or a mossberg, I forgot. Second is an FP-6, not very well known but it's the current main shotgun used by the Bundeswehr. Then there's the Pancor Jackhammer and the M1109 was it called?

M'kay
Are shotguns considered SFW?
Thanks
Asking for a friend
Does anyone have Hibiki with a gun?
The eyes too are kinda male-ish, still looks great though
hey does anyone have chris with a shotgun
I still need to actually check out Fate
Who that?
I'm mostly a pump action kind of guy but a double barrel is quite equal in terms of badassery
Thicc shotgun > thicc thighs
i just want the shotgun tbh
hell I'll settle for Dr. Ver with a shotgun
or any of the geahs with a shotgun
Definitely
Idk why but that just sounds right
Actually yeah Kanade with a shotgun
Any gear actually
Chris with a shotgun-
Do y'all know any good artist that take comissions?
Aye
Aye aye, I will try to remember
I wanna hug bikki
do it
<@263983345669505025> I'll broaden my range to any kind of gun
Thx
Anyone got some fanart of SAA from Girls Frontline?
Translation?
that will work
We gotta set you on fire sorry Saki I don't make the rules
Ignite sakimori
<:KirikaShout:607741871703457812>
Everything about her appearance just screams "hugging this bean will provide overwhelming joy."
Bikki might be the most huggable anime character I've ever seen.
Lewd
SPAS 12
May I request
Kanade is the kind of person who's just naturally good at almost everything
Is Shirabe broken or...?
Aye!
I should get around to that
Nope
Meanwhile M4 is the one trying to reign everyone in and ST AR is just watching.
Sounds like SOPII lmao

M4 SOPMOD II is adorable
Sorry
Zilla was orginally supposed to be a reimagining of Godzilla but they were like "nah" and made her a seperate character instead
Which after searching it up is technically true but not really
Oooooh I thought Zilla was godzilla
Oh
shame
Does Godzilla ever die in any of the movies or is he just invincible
No matter what
The Nuclear Lizard will always win
oh
or any limbs
try not to lose an arm this time bikki
yeah fuck him
What is the space dragon btw
Okay sure let's punch the space dragon instead
You think I know anything about the godzilla lore?
Let's punch the moth thing instead
Cause that's how that would happen
Do you ***really*** want a repeat of the arm incident?
at first I didn't realize whos hand was whos and that he was trying to strangle her with her own scarf
Would hug
SOPII = very good
You
Thank
I require wholesome bikki if anyone would oblige
If Finè committed a parking violation would she be finèd?
She boutta wipe out some commies.
Finé: hey sorry for that one time where I did weird shit
Chris: lmao u cool
Ogawa best dad
I love the comics <:MikuPraise:585839808765493249>
Y e s
Fuck UMP 45
Except for UMP
All t dolls are precious
sop ii precious.  Gr also very precious
Didn't chris have a rifle once that in one scene she used as a melee weapon?
And I think that's it.
Dual pistols and dual revolvers
Wait no
I don't think we saw any new ones in AXZ or XV though?
Ah, nvm then
Are those shells?

Wait a sec
no
what??????
Milfugear
Thank du.
No idea what that's from but it looks cute
Looks beautiful
:D
Me rn
I feel immense guilt, and I fear the gods will quickly deliver their verdict.
Sansade
Tsubasa's fast as frick
Why does Chris look super smol compared to usual?
Milf Chrisu and Gamer Basa are both absolute blessings.
Gamer basa after a long night of hardcore gaming.
gamer basa
gamer basa
what was that rady?
Wholesome Chris is literally the most precious thing in existence
Oop! All gungnir!
I imagine tsubasa would be quite livid about it
Kanade: *are you challenging my floof?*
Chris x Chris x Basa x Basa (&Maria)
okay mind if I put down the one that allows it to output neat depending on user input?
A friend of mine is helping me out
I'm still quite a rookie with C++
True
awwww
int main() {
  bool is_cute = true;

  if (is_cute == true) {
    cout << "awwww";
  }
 else {
    cout << "neat";
  }
}
bool is_cute = true;
let's be honest kanade would probably be a massive mood if we got to see more of her.
Honestly I'm a sucker for vibrant lighting in general, especially in games
Jokes aside I love the vibrancy of that image
y'all tripping that's obviously fudou
swear to god I'm gonna get diabetes from all this floof chrisu
sitting on a noisu
yes I would like to see a dead body kanada
Mega Dess Party, where chris just yeets a bunch of mini kiris
hibiki punches trump and biden.
a weapon to surpass metal gear
Has the staff book been translated?
Sneak 100
Tsubasa isn't wearing glasses
i've never seen those 3 in my life
what do you mean
shirabe no!!!!!
Absolutely diabetes inducing
Oh yeah the image hadn't loaded
What's that?
Ruke 63?
Was wondering about the cats

That looks great
goodass!
Translator having a bit of a stroke

I have been fulfilled
Thank you
I require bikki posts
what is this from?
who the FRICC hurt soppo?
I require all of it
Soppo is so hexkin cute I think i might die
I usually play as Brandenburg in EU4. I'm not particularly good at it, I often struggle to secure north germany since I usually get most of europe to hate me at that point.
Have fun
fucking u l m
I've played EU4 I know too many names of german places than I should.
The z was a typo
Her last name is Dienheim, right? That's a place in germany iirc
According to google; "The peak of the witch hunt was during the European wars of religion, peaking between about 1580 and 1630."
Since she was a smol girl during what I assume was the medieval era
But carol herself is probably more than 500+ years.
Thanks
It's an french thing and I can spell any french words for my life.
As old as the chaeteugh however the heck you spell it
You're a boomer in spirit
Elfnein is boomer?
Pictured: The Nephilim after enjoying strawberry jam toast. That's it, there's nothing more to see here. Move along
Same
<:ChrisDespair:607743600545234970>
Imagine having images
<@400844698140409856> sorry for ping but I simply have to know cause if looks official-ish.
I would also love to know.
Register it in the International Precious Smile Protecction Organization
Never have but that is a smile to protecc
BAYONET = GOOD
CHRISU GOOD
Oh my god that one with the hug they just both have a look of pure joy on their face.
DMJII MORE LIKE ABSOLUTELY PRECIOUS.
EEEE
Open the flood gates.
I would like to humbly request any amount of wholesome images. While it would be Symphogear-related wholesome images would be preferred, I will appreciate any wholesome content
I'll do my best!!!
Thank you elf9!!!!
Who elf9 cheering for?
<@453836798796234762> I will try to get around to watching it!
my god I want a dog, but I guess 3 cats is also quite swell
<@142629493624799232> CUTE FLOOF
Unite forces and post ***all the pictures***
Also yes
Satania, right? The gif, I mean
<:MikuPraise:585839808765493249>
Thanks a bajillion, both of you
basa does not look amused
cause I like rainbow colors
decided to just use the one from the ova
thank you I wanna use the one shemmy posted but I don't wanna use it as my pfp unless the artist gives me permission
Need a good elfneinu pfp, can anyone help me out?
thanks
that would be a likely cause.
why am I seeing so much artwork of the agents whose names I can't ever remember?
symphomemes?
may I request
when it's been 30 seconds and you haven't done genocide
Honestly I really liked S1's art style, it's just the low budget that was holding it back.
Can anyone help me with that?
I need fanart of Elfnein looking exceptionally distraught or confused to use as my new pfp
so there's literally no danger
the gun has no barrel

Nah it's fine cause if you look
apparently
okay maybe
no
I haven't noticed until now that elfnein has a small braid.
Thank you!
May I have elfnein art?
> >Miku as your wife...? I don't really get what you're saying.
> >why don't we "talk" for now?
> 
<@263983345669505025> 

Is that the actual translation?
who are those two?
That's alright! Again, sorry for wasting your time.
<@!106866895076003840> Question: would I be able to commission you to color it? If so, how much would it cost? I'm really sorry for bothering you about this in the first place.
Aye aye, I'll look for that
Where can I find one of those "ai colorers" ?
Yeehawnein
That sounds good, Lily!
thank you again!!! I totally love this.
Mind if I use this as my pfp?
It's fine lol.
<@!106866895076003840> <:ChrisHibikiHug:630262562361049121>
thank youuuu
sadfsdadf
yee haw
Thanks
<@203444794737950720> mind if I use your colorized version? 👀
i should actually find a cowboy-themed anime
Also what's boku wa howdy.
finally got it colorized using the ai after fiddling around a bunch. could be better if I spent the time to color it all by hand but hey, can you blame me for being a bit lazy?
soppo!!!!
Wasn't there a cowboy chris??
I need more anjme girls with cowboy hats
Abs
Fjdndb
pleasssss
i need more abs stg
abs
Cyoot.
Who is that tho
Maube
Sopmpd plzxz
doesn't have any spoilers don't worry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhsMR3nfKcA
her song is also great
Valid
actually there's 3 j months...but it's on of those two
one of the two j months
july? june?
have you heard the character song that was released back in uhhhh
soppo toppoooo
toppo soppo?
<@!257970367732121602> i see you are quite cultured.
Anyone got some nice fanart of Yukari Akiyama from Girls und Panzer? I've been watching the OVAs with some friends and was reminded of her great floofiness.
it's sopmod, don't question her.
It's a lot friendlier than most other gacha games, imo.
I wanna grind for modiii but I don't even have neural upgrading unlocked yet
soppppooooo
pov: you're a noise.
springfield!!!!!
Can someone throw some reaction inages my way?
~~and my hand would likely end up a mangled mess~~
i would give micha doggo belly rubs
these drawings are so pretty
s n ow
nice
give her
she wants dirt block
flare is actually into symphogear iirc so her little suit having hibiki-color schemes is fitting
mecha hololive?
she looks like she's enjoying it more than miku lol
damn
lmao
She's my favorite charactee from revstar i love her so much.
Bananice
rissuuuu love their art so much.
:)
Bananice.
yeah that's fair
who doesn't?
...do I want to know?
Love nana 💕
:)
Yay :)
them
it me :)
I love it so much my friend is great :)
https://twitter.com/FizzyBananaSoda/status/1450471485433319425?t=QVPftOs9h01CJly4I33wwQ&s=19
can I share art of my transition goals that a friend made for me?
Aaaa thanks :)
please ping me when there's samus art btw I like it very much.
TY IT LOOKS GREAT!
:)
NO
:)
Very good
you okay there yggdrasil?
It's very good
nice!!!!
Aaaa ty for pinging me this looks great.
i love her face underneath the visor.
Love her
Ty
Plz ping me in any revstar art btw.
https://twitter.com/e05I30gsVQwmOlQ/status/1482739424018710528?t=v0sY8IN5EavW5w8fxJIr6g&s=19
epic ty for showing this.
WOOOO
Bananice.
epic ty.
junna twintails...so cool.
WOOOO
bananice...
WOOOOOOOO
WOOOOO
love them.
WOOO!
yoooo
Ty
WOOOO
LOVE THEM
Awesome...
Omg.
love them...
tyyy
epic
tyyyy
WOOOO
Tyyyy. Sorry again
ty!
WOOOO
huh. interesting.
wait so most fruits probably have that kind of radiation?
Incredible
I subscribe banana girl content.
WOOO
NO ONE PINGED ME FOR THIS??? smh
WOOOO
Ty!!!!
i wish I had a dress like that.
I LOVE THAT ONE SM.
OH MY GOD THAT'S SO GOOD
WOOOO
she has some good art on there.
ye I was browsing through pixiv earlier.
i wish eleanor forte was more popular so there was more art of her.
miku of the hatsune variety I love her.
WOOOOOOOOOO
i got revengence today.
the day you stop posting daiba nana art in this channel will be a worldwide tragedy.
OH MY GOD THIS IS SO GOOD. why didn't you ping me for this smh
MARIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
epic
i'm afraid to ask what you think I meant.
with a sword.
no i meant like cutting you in half.
what
i'm going to turn you into a banana split
mabushii...
https://twitter.com/sotanghonn/status/1546511226095763459 last one for real this time
it's her birthday!!!! in japan at least.
https://twitter.com/yakigasimauma/status/1546510099018969093
https://twitter.com/udauda61786/status/1546509829258510337
so true!!!!!!!
how did you know
https://twitter.com/idea_L_8/status/1546509660475142144
IT'S ALL SO GOOD
https://twitter.com/2Akisyou78/status/1546509938155212800
https://twitter.com/kuma_9931/status/1546513711481114626
https://twitter.com/S_16Mako/status/1546524508349050883
https://twitter.com/aokiotemoto/status/1546509671934357504
https://twitter.com/Kaga_878787/status/1546509886837882882
hmmm. 5 more
last one cause I don't wanna flood this channel too much.
https://twitter.com/qui_yue102/status/1546509857465184256
https://twitter.com/gyunyu_gokugoku/status/1546555891562205184
https://twitter.com/alincoArt/status/1546521628388995073
i have retweeted so much daiba nana art today.
https://twitter.com/wat22273524/status/1546602377372786688\
https://twitter.com/archasturr/status/1546462669137649664
why so much chris today?
ah, gotcha.
I know very little about tsukasa.
Who else has dual weapons?
Like, nana has two swords.
Actually come to think of it why do both of the characters with those issues have dual weapons.
The stories are really good but yea it's still a gacha game.
TWO guns.
They really just gave the girl with abandonment issues a gun.
Aruru my beloved.
me neither I need to play more relive
WOOOOOOOOO
lmao
Love her.
Awesome
WOOOOOOOOOOO
WOOOOOOO
pls ping me in any lycoreco art from now on I love them
WOOOOOOOOO
me and who.
two of my favorite interests combined.
chisato lycoris recoil in a revue outfit.
a piece of art has never made me feel so hyped.
HOLYYYY SHIT
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOO
OH MY FUCKING GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
https://twitter.com/karemahikakuro/status/1557276064111480832
i love chisato sm.
i think I already saw it.
they actually look like they would make sense as like, a jrpg party.
did I miss any lycoreco art.
that's not hikari
this is crossover art in case that isn't obvious.
except for one character in re:live
in revue starlight? no.
in lycoreco? yea but usually just pistols.
https://twitter.com/karemahikakuro/status/1558522438823972865
i'm actually on the last level of act 2 right now, gonna eat lunch and then kick gabriel's ass.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LET"S GOOOOO
https://twitter.com/kuromahikaren/status/1561754716647747585
I love her
les goooo
epic
MAHIRU SWEEP
https://twitter.com/Rissuuu/status/1568644739465105415
Beautiful
the finale was so good I am praying for season 2
chisato...
Les goooo
the beloveds
SWORD CHISATO
OH MY GOD IT'S GORGEOUS
also idk how often touhou art gets posted here but if it ever does tag me
tysmmm
Can you ping me in touhou art as well btw
Which one is she from again? I still haven't moved on from 6. (Probably would've finished it yesterday if I wasn't running on like 2 hours of sleep)
Alice!!!
marisaaaa
!
Wooo
just rt'd that lol
MARISAAAAAAAA
This is the second time I've commissioned him, and the difference between the first one and this one is amazing he's gotten so better
Ye ye I love it!!!!
It was supposed to be black but I neglected to correct my friend cause I didn't wanna be a bother and I knew he was super busy with school stuff 😭
My friend's a super good artist I'm glad I commissioned them
https://twitter.com/FLASHYMAGlC/status/1594015488551489536?t=S9gMsfyAyqhzTPLo9AXgcA&s=19
sanae studying. will she pass her exams?
everyone's favorite misinformation spreader ❤️
KOISHI!!!
https://twitter.com/kyusoukyu/status/1603750545650352128
junko (touhou) my beloved
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/99868497
https://twitter.com/68_zusao/status/1603400812222468101
https://twitter.com/ROME35793562/status/1603393016374644741
https://twitter.com/cazanami/status/1602645093735104512
koishi!!!!!! ❤️ ❤️ ❤️
Wooo!
marisaaaaaaaaaaaaa
koishi with the maid outfit, what will she clean?
marisa the best
yuyuko busters
https://twitter.com/mc0o5/status/1614488353512263680
then again sakuya would be good at most things, time-stopping abilities give you a bit of an advantage
sakuya would be so fucking good at yugioh
she's got a whole uhh. whatchamacallit. the box
actually damn she has a really high quality audio setup wtf
what she listening to
Strawberry flan...I love it sm
https://twitter.com/hey36253625/status/1614660486049718273 marisa AND reimu!
https://twitter.com/syuri22/status/1615170731779985408 reimu!!!!!!
marisa
https://twitter.com/sinononome_/status/1615369030793326596
CIRNO!!!!
That works too yea
NO LOL risse's art is always so good
i'm mutuals with the artist on twitter
One of my followers
omg oomf
is that rumia?
Sakuya my beloved
I love whenever she has the ourple bow
MARISA
What she listening to
I like giving people second chances.
Hey, he wasn't that bad in the end of GX. I'll admit for the most part he was a scum bag but y'know, redemption and all that jazz.
We don't hear anything about him or see him at all.
I would like to see more of Bikki's dad personally, they kinda just threw him away in AXZ
That'd be pretty cool imo
I would like an english translation of XDU personally.
Like an actual game series like Neptunia or Dargonropa (however the fuck it's spelt.)
Not like XDU
I personally would love a Symphogear game series
What do we know about XV so far? Do you guys think it'll be the finale?
^^^
Like German marching music, British patriotic songs...
Like, showing off all the different types of music in different countries
I would love spin-offs
tbh I'm kinda fucking stupid sometimes.
Honestly with the main theme of Symphogear being something as broad as Music, I think they'd be able to make a bunch of spin-offs and such. Maybe that wouldn't be a good idea, I'm not sure.
Realistically I think Tsubasa would take over
Has one been released?
PV?
Go on
Alright, thanks
Are we allowed to have season 1 spoilers in here?
He almost died in season 1
I love Genjuro, but you're gonna have to die for plot sake.
The fact that they everyone thinks Commander is basically invincible would make the impact that much more.
Elfnein dies in endgame
I mean we could kill Hibiki's dad, it's a win-win.
True
Maybe Commander?
Just hopefully none of the main gear's.
Fair enough
My heart cannot take that.
Perry plz no
I mean if it's gonna be the finale as we expect then it better be damn good.
I hope not
Symphogear G is my favorite tbh.
Yeah, not saying it was bad by any means
Agreed
AXZ is my personal least favorite.
Meh
I could do without. I just felt disappointed that they just pretended he never existed.
Something among the lines of "Use it, and be cursed!" referring to the Gungnir's god-killing ability
There's one line in the ending of AXZ from Adam that might be important
That only makes sense yeah
I personally loved the training day song
I myself am a sucker for marching songs, but I highly doubt they'd have that stuff in there.
True
I would love this
Yes
How long does it usually take for translations to be released?
Of July? Thanks
Do we know the exact release date?
I personally love call-backs and nostalgic moments
I don't think it will be
madlad
oh god
He's already powerful enough to beat all the gear users.
Genjuuro with a gear is terrifying
In the last episode, where everything seems hopeless, and we're convinced that our dear characters will meet their end, BAM! Top dad comes out of nowhere and saves the day.
Genjuuro doesn't need a gear
Just imagining Hibiki's dad wearing that stuff is so cursed
Hibiki drops her Gungnir and her dad picks it up and transforms
I want it just for comedy.
Yes
I'm gonna call them the Beef Stroganoff Girls from now on.
I want all of the other girls that I keep forgetting the name of to become gear-users, at least temporarily
Comic relief is actually pretty important imo
Hm, true...I'm gonna wait and see what happens.
Doesn't seem that scary to me
Did they release a second preview or...?
Maybe that's the main plot of XV?
Yeah the cover really does give edgebikki vibes with the whole scarf covering mouth thing
We all know what and who they're about
Yeah
It's Custodians, not just Custodian
Well I mean
Y'know despite the whole unified language thing they sure had some issues communicating, didn't they?
They real reason they messed up the tower is because they thought they were playing Jenga.

it was given to me last month
o  o  f
oof
Well Symphogear isn't going to be premium only, right?
Well I guess I should've activated it later then, oof
Honestly didn't check
Maybe
Like he was just like "Who here's a weeb" and I said "me" and he just DMed me the code lol.
I got a Crunchy Roll subscription that some random guy was kind enough to just give away the code for.
oh yiss
I don't quite know.
Except I can and am required to wait unless I go and find it on some shady website with porn ads.
Can't wait then
Oh dang.
Is it good so far tho?
Well guess I'm gonna mute this channel to avoid spoilers
When does it go free?
Oof
Is it premium only rn?
Where can I find it?
Damn I need to watch it
Wait is XV out?
Thanks for the tip.
Except some websites are tricky and block your adblock
I should do that.
Give genjuuro the infinity gauntlet
Genjuuro is a custodian who just fell down to earth and landed on his head.
Still impresive.
Yeah exactly.
Genjuuro could 1v1 Carol, change my mind.
Genjuuro is the backup in case everything goes wrong.
I mean it's probably the case
Has it ever been confirmed that only females are capable of activating relics?
He's just that way.
I don't think there's any real reason for Genjuuro being so stronk.
In which case do all the drugs.
Said drug is LiNKER
Unless
Winners don't do drugs.
Killed for being too cool.
Anyone can be compatible if they train long and hard for it I think.
It's probably in the unified language that existed before the whole moon thing.
I guess they have to overall be a good person first of all.
Oof
He's a wholesome little ninja.
I personally prefer Ogawa above Gen
Yo less impactful?
Ogawa fake died once.
^^^
Just need to make sure I have batteries for my flashlight
I like dark
Woo boy, XV is gonna be a lot darker than usual, eh?
Right so just watched episode 2 and uh
I wanna pin batgirl's wings to a wall and just leave her there for revenge.
We haven't seen much of her yet
Who's the other one again?
And then that sadistic motherfucker who murdered a little girl just to traumatize her enemy.
First of all we got melancholy catgirl.
Can we discuss these new villains?
Anyways
I personally think we should just drop this.
Right can we not do this?
I couldn't care less about appearing manly.
I honestly don't care about masculinity.
I mean I'm not masculine at all.
Yeah it is.
Yeah.
Maybe it's some cultural thing over in Japan that we don't know about.
I'm sure it's not the intention.
My testosterone has been insulted
Oof
Which were female.
They were men but then they were given perfect bodies.
What's ace representation?
I'm not very aware of the popularity of all the characters, guessing that Chris is #1 waifu for most people?
Millaarc is the bat right?
Oh
Which one is Eliza?
The first season definitely had a pretty low budget
Symphogear has a smaller budget I think
But they're also fictional characters
Truew
Emotions are weird and complicated.
No one is ever constantly one way
Everyone can be an asshole sometimes
Everyone's a total hack sometimes
Also can I take the hug in your place?
I said falsely justify, sometimes there is fair justifications
Some people would just try to falsely justify their actions instead of apologising
Aye well the best thing is you know it's something you have to work on
That's good
And that's good.
Haha...I live a very unhealthy lifestyle
Can't miscommunicate if you don't communicate at all
Except usually I don't get into arguments that often
I kinda do the same thing too
A lot of people do that I think
This server is a billion times more peaceful than some of the other ones I used to be in
That is bloody awesome.
It's kind of irritating but meh.
Also something is wrong with my S key I have to like press down pretty hard.
Send please, it sounds awesome
Ooooo
*typical 'you got a licensee for that?' joke goes here.*
Either way I don't think it's happening.
There is this one guy who did make 3D printed guns that actually worked, but they fell apart after a few shots.
And yeah that would be fair.
Huh, cool.
Oh, where you from then?
Unless you don't live in America.
Imagine if you could actually make it a functioning gun. Not sure if that's legal but this is America so it wouldn't surprise me.
<:GenjuurouThumbsUp:336657189475188740>
Nice job, cast5.
Damn that's awesome.
Ooooh
What are you making these for?
That's damn good
I am of small brain person.
Thanks
oh
When is episode 3?
So the new episode is every saturday, right?
Fair enough
I don't eat Fruit Salads often but I don't like Lemons are a common ingredient.
If your Fruit Salad has lemons in it I dunno what to say
Why do I keep forgetting who Fudou is
Makes sense as Hong Kong was a british colony
It's just not funny
We get the joke
^
I really like Bikki's new outfit in XV
I see.
Ignite sounds badass, Amalgam sounds mystical.
Beserk, most likely
Fair enough
Where can I usually find the YameteTomete subs?
Yeah, they're quantity over quality
oof
Crunchyroll's subs lacks any soul imo
Where can I find the YameteTomete subs? (is that how I say that?)
Someone's gotta die this season.
But not in episode 5, no
I can see them doing that eventually if it is
Unless it's the last season
I wish I could make other people's ringtone for when I call them just be me making ringing noises.
It's perfect
I fall for that kind of stuff real easily
||Did miku just fucking die?|| (spoiler for episode 5.)
Right so just finished watching episode 5
Thanks mate.
Aye.
What's a Sakimori?
>when you finish your character's arc and can't think of a new one for the next season
"Wanna see me do it again?"
Tsubasa probably has her limits when it comes to lawfulness. If the law says she's gotta kill some innocent person than she would probably be like "Yeah fuck no."
I don't think they count on their viewers not fallimg for everything
The old man also seems to be a massive power hungry A-hole
I don't know why but the face of that man just reminds me of a certain German dictator we all know and collectively despise, his face sort of has the same shape, very square.
Probably true
Do you guys think the autoscorers are gonna come back again or were they just there for the hype factor?
Fair enough
Oof
Also I'm upset none of you commented on my pun
Elfnein must be protected
noooo :(
That's probably what's gonna happen, but we don't want it to :(
Full Metal Alchemist?
If they made an entirely steel statue of carol, would it be a....
Two for the price of one
True
Carol comes out when shit's getting serious.
So they just have split personality disorder
But if Carol stays we lose Elfnein, don't we?
Micha 2.0: Now with even sharper fingers.

What's SSJ?
I don't like how they're just re-using Tsubasa's character arc *again*
Honestly a lot can be done with Symphogear's concept.
^^^^
Class
Shit gtg
Was it ever explained why they fucking murdered that old dude?
He's just a nationalist prick honestly.
I always hated Fudou
Honestly in episode 8 is looks like all of Noble Red might just die
~~i do not care about the child murderer~~
Yeah, even if they do die they'll just get noped back into existence like in the end of season 1
Yeah
A character we actually care about.
I want at least one character to d i e before XV ends.
It's possible
He had his time in the spotlight
We don't need Ver again
Either or could be a win.
Or die
Maybe he'll get better later
Still kinda pathetic but he's getting better.
He's fine in XV
:((((
Oh, I couldn't find Episode 12 last time I looked for it.
12
Thanks
Aye
Is episode 12 out yet?
But I doubt we'll get anything more than that :(
There's the chibi OVAs as well
Alrighty, thanks
Is it confirmed that XV is the last season or is it just an overwhelmingly likely assumption?
If they did do an english dub it's most likely they would keep the songs in Japanese
Yeah
Yeah a english dub for symphogear is very unlikely, if at all.
Okay time for input that nobody wants but I'm still gonna say it.

***english dub when***
why do things always end like a few months after I find them? I just discovered Sympho in summer like wtf.
will have to do that
Never watched any of the concerts
I uh
true
and ***then*** it's all over
technically we still got the Chibi OVA
Kohinabana Hibiku
***what is heiki hecchara***
What does Heiki Hecchara actually mean?
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089> <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089> <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089> <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089> <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
I'm sure there'll be fanfics and such that continue the story. I myself have an RP server with friends, (though tbh we meme around more than we RP.)
Time to watch the concerts to fill in the now emtpy hole in my heart <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
F
tbh I'm still dissapointed that we never saw more of that other group of girls. The beef stroganoff gang, I mean.
What's happening with bots?
Didn't everyone's gear break at the very end?
Bloody 'eck
Hddhhdhrhdjakaisht rn
that's lots of coins
what the-
^
dess_timely
How do I check all the cards in a pack?
Ah
Because you got one before
Ah
rv_tokenBank
rv_tokenbank
rv_rename "Also blank" "God Fister"
rv_mycard Also blank
rv_rename "Blank???" "Yo Yo Master"
rv_mycard Blank???
Why aren't the images popping up?
Okay is this just me???
rv_mycard Blank???
rv_mycard General Purpose Assault Lesbian
rv_mycard "General Purpose Assault Lesbian"
rv_rename "Miku Geah" "Hyper Lesbian"
Thanks!
How do I rename cards?
rv_mycardlist
rv_mycard Igaligma
rv_mycard Kanada
RNGesus bless this poor soul.
I'm proud of my card names
rv_mycardlist
Thanks
I feel like most anti-gay or anti-trans were just dumped by a gay person or a trans person before.
Exactly.
My personal stance on stuff like this is "It's not causing me any trouble, so let 'em do what they want."
Radical ones I think he means
Radical Feminist alone are annoying to me.
TERFs sound like absolute pricks
"Gender Traitors"
Okay what the fuck?
Oh
Same, Derp.
HRT?
I generally don't like lewding either way
What about Carol?
Kirika must be p r o t e c c t e d
She's like, 15/16
No
or FBI Maria will get you
No lewding Kiri p e r i o i d
No
no lewding Kiri
We're typing
I mean technically we're not writing either
I agree
^
Not in a sexual way of course, I just like how Vanilla ice cream tastes
I like Vanilla ice cream
Is there a fetish for wholesomeness?
I don't think so at least
I have no fetishes
Ah, I see.
TERFs can get off our turf
I still don't quite get it
Explain?
I lewd upon special occasions
I am a wholesome boi
I thought the guy was cool when I first met him, guess I was wrong. That's a shame. :c
What region was that again?
But yeah this is why I don't use twitter for politics
Yeah, they're very small differences and easy to fuck up.
Female and Male bones actually do have some differernces in shape, yeah.
What the f r i c c
The Chinese government is honestly just awful.
Speaking of British Imperalism, did you know there's a movement in Hong Kong to re-establish themselves as a British Colony?
Yeah, our military is perhaps a tad too big...how many of them are even stationed on the homeland?
Such cases are not at all exclusive to America. Doesn't make it any better of course, it's still awful.
Both sides have good ideas and both sides are absolutely idiotic sometimes, so just take the good parts from both.
I don't like associating with political parties, but if I had to, I would probably go with Radical Centrist, I just go with whatever works well, whether it's left or right.
Such as a certain compromise named after Missouri
Compromises aren't always good, yes.
^^^
Like, just make compromises and stuff.
Politics today are way too divided honestly.
On a different topic, I believe political parties are d u m b
Well I mean, better than having no money at all. But I see your point, yeah.
That sounds pretty cool
What does the insult even mean?
Can we just thanos snap them?
Rats literally killed 1/3 of Europe
I really wish it wasn't that way but nowadays that's what everyone does.
Nothing's gonna get done by yelling a bunch.
Has everyone just forgotten how to debate?
Wow
I have not
Debates in U.S politics is literally just trying to convince everyone that your opponent is literally the devil.
Honestly I think stuff is gonna be a lot better once we get a new wave of young politicians. The ones currently don't seem to be adapting to the times.
Yeah...
Yeah U.S politics are actually probably worse than British politics come to think of it.
Wasn't thinking
Yeah
No
Well
I talk about how American politics are shit but they're nothing in comparison to what's going on in the U.K
There's no easy way to leave the EU I would think.
I'm an American so I'm not an expert on this whole Brexit thing.
What are the options again?
That's great!
I don't think I contributed much but you're welcome either way 😃
That's good, you seem to have this all under control
Oh, that's good. Do you have a plan of how you're going to handle it?
I'm sorry if I'm not helping much
Have you tried to talk to him about it?
What did he do, if you're comfortable with telling me.
Are you afraid of hurting his feelings by giving it to him straight?
He sounds very clingy
Oh, I see.
Ah, I see.
Sorry, but what's a thatcherite?
I honestly hate the whole right-left politics stuff.
It's like they view it as some sort of game, they forgot that they all have the common goal of making the country a better place.
I mean yeah I absolutely LOVE the games and I'm definitely not quitting them at all, nor am I gonna blame them for my issues. I just need to take a small bit of time away
Yeah, EU4 and HOI 4 are fun games and all but I need to take a break and remind myself that history isn't just a video game.
Seriously though I need to like take some time away from those nation-building games cause they're fueling my obsession.
Like if I went on about it you guys would probably start thinking I'm an absolute weirdo
Sometimes I'm genuinely concerned about my mental health when it comes to my obsession for countries that don't even exist anymore.
What has trump done so far? I honestly haven't been keeping up to date.
I'm all for capitalism, but monopolies are just stupid.
The Sherman anti-trust act part tho I do quite like

Man, poor Ben Harry.
Right 2/3 of those things aren't even directly about him.

what did old Benjamin Harrison even do again?
Honestly I don't have many opinions regarding trump. I don't think he even wanted to win in the first place and now is just kinda trying to look like he knows what he's doing. Most good things that have happened in his presidency so far aren't really a result of his actions even. In the long run he'll probably go down in the history books as one of those presidents that no one really cares about like Benjamin Harrison
I do like tanks ngl.
I hate the two-party system
Yeah
I can say with confidence that he's not getting re-elected in 2020
Not to mention most of their original shows are awful.
The founder himself was an asshole and now they're doing this shit
Honestly fuck Disney
I don't expect to see a unified earth in my lifetime, nor do I expect my grandchildren to.
Definitely
Which causes a few problems sometimes.
*looks at the balkans*
I personally want to hope that one day the world can do so, but it's so unrealistic.
Do you guys think that the world could ever be unified? Like, under one government? Or do you think that no matter how many thousands of years pass the earth will remain divided.
Alright, y'all mind if I move on to a different topic?
Also yeah, I agree with that Melua.
Of course that's nothing much by our standards today.
They had better ideas than most of the world did at the time.
and then we made political parties.
Although yes ol' George was like "yo don't make political parties."
Not sure though.
Also Maxwell that's kinda untrue from what I know. It mainly started from the whole Federalist and Democratic Republicans thing.
Yeah, that sounds like a stupid system.
Also what was said *shit*
Honestly all the 3rd parties do is take away votes from the other two, albeit a very small amount. I personally would love a 3rd party though, like a middle ground between Democrats and Republicans.
Wow!
~~not that it matters~~
Is there the possibility of a green party running?
I'm not that involved in politics, I'm only 15 after all. I'm interested in it, I wanna become a politician or a lawyer later on in my life, but I need to do more research.
Who are the DNC again? Democrats?
Who are the candidates for the USA 2020 election again?
I myself just try to stay optimistic, even though I know reality might just slap me in the face.
Sorry.
True
There's exceptions to that. I assume most of you are familiar with Alexander Hamilton?
True.
I'm not smart okay?
oh
Have we ever actually checked if Mars has any resources other than red sand?
Bouta say lol.
True
It sucks that I probably won't live to see us fully colonize another planet.
How ***s t r a n g e***
But whenever someone actually ignores that and makes something new, it's usually succesful???
No one ever wants to try anything new.
What would be the best way to dispose of it then?
me small brain
oh
I'm not exactly a nuclear physicist so I'm not very informed on the topic.
How so?
Can't we just send the nuclear waste into space. I mean it's expensive yeah but I think it'd be worth it.
What type did Chernobyl use?
I assume it does.
Does nuclear power harm the enviorment as well?
Unless you don't have anything else to say I guesss.
Anyways, continue
I dunno why I thought that
I had the wrong idea
Oh wait
Can't wait to play Fallout 5 in real life.
Either them or the US
China alone is currently the one emitting the most carbon I believe.
It's highly unlikely that the entire world will suddenly convert to green energy
That is true. And at this rate I think it's too late to stop it.
The world honestly would probably end before we got a united earth.
~~something the USA apparently haven't learned after they invaded those places that ended up hating us~~
That is true Saki, there's nothing more unifying than an outside threat.
Yeah, if a united earth was to exist it would need some more advanced administration.
Most people have realised that war is bad and don't do it
Yeah, exactly.
easy in quotation since conquering the world and making sure your new global empire doesn't immediately collapse isn't easy at all.
That'd be the "easy" way, yeah
Yeah, I would like to talk about it since it interests me but as you said, conversations about the middle east usually end poorly, especially on the internet.
I probably shouldn't start talking about the middle east as I have very harsh feelings towards one of the countries there.
It's certainly better than most of the countries surrounding it.
I find it impressive how Israel is able to hold on when nearly all of their neighbors want them wiped off the map. They're a cool country in my opinion.
Oh, right.
Where are you from again?
Honestly war with Iran is more likely than war with Afghanistan right now.
Why would you ever travel to Afghanistan anyways. Not saying it doesn't have it's fair share of pretty sights, but it isn't exactly the safest place, even when it isn't being invaded.
Oh, right.
Which country are you from?
But we won't have the tech for that in a LONG time.
||who's fudou again?||
|| on both sides
Probably
They did use German WW2 tanks
Bavarian Illuminati  <@141531216200466432>
Especially extremist
Not being a fucking Nazi.
It's called
You see there's a solution to that
Extremism is the cause of most bad things in the world.
I'd punch any extremist.
No one who has 2 braincells would ever side with a nazi no matter what.
I can stand being hated by a Nazi
I'm CST.
What timezone are all y'all?
That's fine
Yeah 12 PM is middle of the day
Except I'm very weak
Sleep is for the weak
Wow, I just realised how crappy my social life is.
Not that I regularly hang out with at least.
Come to think of it I don't have any IRL friends at all.
I have no friends who like anime
*would you like to hear about our lord and saviour, the almighty bean Hibiki?*
I am generally displeased by the stereotypical individual of the Baby Boomer generation
Fucking boomers
It's scary how much political influence social media has.
Erwin Rommel is a significant part of the myth, some historians say he was the most moral german general and didn't commit any war crimes, other historians say he was just another tun of the mill Nazi.
Look up the "Clean Wehrmacht Myth"
Some Nazi propaganda even tricked their enemies in WW2
I don't think that's how that works.
Only 1% of people die as virgins, amongst that 1% is Nazis probably
I don't think I've ever watched any but I know the style and it looks cool as well
I also really love the 1700s coats that rich people would wear, but I'm not sure if those are considered Trench Coats.
I really hate that trench coats are usually associated with rather negative stuff. This is a rather unpopular opinion but I think trench coats are pretty damn cool. Not leather ones, no, those look too edgy.   You know the NCR Ranger armor in Fallout New Vegas? I like that kind.
The Japanese Government in general confuses me.
~~gotem~~
Elfnein? More like...
Generally unpleasant.
Exactly, payment isn't always in physical form
Thank you for sharing this.
I support this.
This is good.
Aye aye : )
I really love this server and how I can have deep conversations with y'all.
This has been nice, again, thank you all.
I'm glad I did, it's good to reminicinise or however the hell I spell that.
There's also that whole karma thing if you believe in that
And I guess you could also see it as a sort of indirect payment.
And again, most creatures are naturally self-centered, so it's really only natural
Well it's not hurting anyone, quite the opposite in fact.
In fact I wonder what that's called, that pleasant feeling you get when you feel like you've done something nice? Endorphins?
It's like how some people seek stuff that gets the adrenaline flowing.
I think most people are in that pool, I don't think there's many people who do good just for the sake of it. 
On top of the fact that being a good person often nets you more support and human attention, it usually gives you a warm little feeling.
Sorry if I sound underappreciative about your help here.
Yeah, you're definitely right.
I guess it does, huh?
If I was a bad person, then I wouldn't know it. Most bad people don't think that they're bad.
Thanks, Melua.
That's probably right. I don't think anyone is just naturally disposed to be a selfless person, as humans are naturally selfish, as are most creatures on earth actually. But I guess it's better to act like a good person than a bad one.
Sometimes I really don't feel like I'm a good person. I often just feel like I'm pretending to look like a good person. I honestly dunno what kind of person I am, I'm usually pretty monotone and I lack that much of a personality.
I think that's super interesting really.
Like I said, it's a large scale popularity contest.
Indeed.
A popularity contest that has resulted in shaping history and causing the deaths of millions.
So in theory, assuming gods and such do exist, what if the gods in Christianity, Islam, etc. all exist and are all engaged in some sort of theological popularity contest?
Christianity actually does have other gods, it just says that THAT god is the better one.
https://www.firstthings.com/web-exclusives/2014/01/the-bibles-many-gods
I let people get to me too easily.
thank you
Worst part about him is that he's charismatic, he can get into people's heads.
I like most of the people he talks to.
Right, I'll just go with that then.
It's like the teacher hating you
Thing is he's rather influential in the community.
but he deserves so much worse
Which telling someone to fuck off kind of is childish.
And he just calls me childish
I've done it before because he knows how to push my buttons just right
What the hell do I do about people like this?
If I ever have a different opinion than him he aggresively is like "Uh no that's fucking wrong," and literally just does not care for anyone's feelings
He's a chrismatic manipulative asshole who has some sort of superiority complex
He's in a group with me and he can honestly go fuck himself.
Right I'm super fucking pissed right now with this one asshole
I always have an irrational fear that the higher ups in a group don't actually like me.
I like them for recreational use, like at a gun range, but I don't see the necessity of personal ownership of a firearm.
Don't firearms get turned against their owner 9/10 in house robberies?
I trust the government to some extents. Not all extents of course.
Yeah, you're right. I didn't think of that...
Alright, just making sure.
Yes, I am. I'm sorry if that makes you think less of me.
Me?
I personally disagree. 
Also, I know this is probably an unpopular opinion, but I myself am willing to give up some rights as long as ot guarntees my safety and as long as it doesn't give the government power to purposely oppress me.
That's why I want regular psychiatric evaluations, that way it'll be easier to find those people before it's too late.
Everyone has the capability of being a good person, no one is naturally disposed to be a killer
I think that anyone who decides to use violence for any reason other than self defence needs mental help, but most of the time it's too late.
The stuff in New Zealand awhile ago I would personally label as terrorism
I personally don't view it like that, but I have no doubt that others have thst view.
People should always form their own opinion
I hate how they can basically just brainwash people
To be completely honest I don't look at the media that often.
True, true...
The media is not a good representation of public view.
I never hear people say that
The exact definition is "the unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims."
It's only terrorism if they're trying to violentlg push some sort of political agenda
I think that we should have psychiatric evaluations at our medical check ups.
It's a pretty big part, one step at a time.
Just recently there was a mass stabbing in south California, 4 killed 2 injured, and as of right now we don't know of any motive, the guy's certainly just crazy. Those 4 people could've been saved if that guy could've gotten good mental help.
Honestly I blame most of the problems in this country on the fact that the government doesn't seem to care about mental health
Everything should be balanced imo
Some moderate capitalism is fine imo.
Excessive capitalism*
I know nothing about yemen
???
I hate that this country is infested with people who don't feel bad about causing misery for others in order to make a profit.
I never said remove them
We do need to make our education a lot better
Agreed
Surely there's some other way though that we can find and help people who need mental help
Humans are weird
But like
I want to find a way to make whole-heartedness a more common trait.
Deal
I'm really sorry if I ever appear ignorant
But most are
I know that.
Ugh
Why can't good intentioned people selfless people be in charge?
Money has been ingraved into human society since...forever, really
All throughout history.
But there's been so many wars over just money
True
The love of money is the root of all evil, as the saying goes.
Which is stupid
Thing is people don't like change
Yeah
Those are sick bro
Except radical kickflips
Why?
I have this one friend who if any of you ever got into a political debate with it would probably end in massive frustrations. One bullshit thing he said once is that "Every step towards socialism is one step closer to the death of this nation" and I was just like
Yeah
I'm not saying both sides are right, Melua.
Well yeah
I mean in the big picture
But like, how?
We need a new system.
Hm...
Leftist policies, rightist policies...
Both have some good ideas, and an eagle can't fly with only one wing.
I really love how we can talk about stuff like this without everything going to shit, it's why I love this server <3
Especially when the population is ***w o k e***
It's pretty hard to govern over such a large population
Sooner or later it'll all come crashing down like it did with Qing.
I agree
China is one of the worst countries right now. It's kind of sad honestly,  throughout history china has been home to many great minds. Imagine what they could contribute to human society if they could think freely? If they weren't under threat of them and their entire family being put in a camp because they disagreed with the government.
Politics are too complex to be accurately represented on some stupid chart.
Personally I think this whole left and right bullcrap is stupid
To sum it up in one sentence, "Both left and right can be good sometimes, and both can be bad sometimes."
Centrism to me means that you don't always stick to just one side.
That's the opposite of what I think centrism is

Yahoo is historically bad at buisness decisions
I'm in the same boat as Dunkek
humans have existed several thousand years and we still can't get over the fact that some other humans are different than us.
I like that point of view.
I wanted to ask what opinions some of you have about the EU. I live in America do I don't know much about it. It seems like an excellent concept, but they've made some pretty stupid decisions as of late.
That's bloody insane.
Wait what were we talking about again? I don't remember.
I'm bad at remembering most things.
It's fine. I honestly just put several thousand because I forgot the exact number.
I said several thousand which is technically true. 10000 is technically just a bunch of thousands crammed together.
I never said the world was 2019 years old
yeah <:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
Oh, I see.
So if parliament is suspended, what happens?
Ah, I see.
One thing I know is that people don't like the conservatives.
I'm not too familiar with British politics
Ay
Who's the PM again?
What country?
^^^
Right so when I sort of rotate my wrist it mades a sort of crackling sound and it often hurts after about 10 minutes of writing. My hand has always been shakey and all my life I've had shitty handwriting. Should I see a doctor about it?
Some of their GDP goes to China, right? Since they're an autonomous territory.
It's safe to assume it's definitely a lot
Hm.
How much does HK contribute to the chinese economy? In statistical terms preferabley.
Sorry if it sounded like I was spewing anti-globalist stuff, didn't mean to.
I just think it's interesting. I would actually love a world where we can get along without having to draw lines between eachother.
That's not the point I'm trying to make, in fact I'm not making any points.
I just find it interesting how us humans are sometimes more similar to other animals than we think
And how the white pack seems to explore a lot, likely because their territory has no water source.
I find this incredibley interesting, how they have borders and such?

Why is he so bloody determined to push brexit?
Ah, do you think that's likely to happen?
Does the British government allow the impeachment of the PM?
I believe so, yes.
That's a pretty wide range. Either way it's an issue. Thanks for showing me the statistics.
Yeah...not just gonna ignore that
True
Well that's per capita, alaska is not very well populated
But like, is that just coencidence? Is it because we have a larger population? Or is it the result of an issue we have that we need to fix.
Only if you want to do that.
Texas has the 2nd most shootings?
I also don't go outside much
Other than cops of course.
We are pretty big gun nuts, statistically speaking, but I've never seen someone carrying a gun around here.
Possible
I'm not too engaged in politics, I do know that Texas seems to have more shootings than other states. Not sure about the statistics
Nationalism is usually a bad thing though. At least, when it goes too far.
That's true
Okay so on one side I love my state, I live in Texas, but on the other side I know that we also have some bloody severe issues (which is a large understatement.)
Again, take my word with an entire shaker of salt.
"Man shall not lie with another man," is a mistranslation or something from something I heard once. It's supposed to be "Man shall not lie with boy." 

And yeah it is super cherry picked and let's be honest less than 1% of people have read every bit of it.
Not sure if that's true but tbh I never paid attention in sunday school so.
iirc the one part of the bible that every points to is actually against pedophilia, not homosexuality.
^
Yeah...
I've never heard someone like that in my own life. Maybe I just live in a good city.
Autism is such a wide spectrum
It's actually pretty common. I myself have high-functioning autism. I have trouble talking and with focusing.
Don't forget that many of the greatest people throughout history were thought to have autism. Of course we can't prove that since said great people are long dead but the stuff they left behind seems to indicate that they had many symptoms
People who say autism is a disease are probably my least favorite people
Nothing brings people together more than a foreign threat. Except it's equally as dividing in the long run.
What the fuck
Of course it's cause of the cold war.
Oh
I stopped at about 6th grade. 

Don't get me wrong, I do love my state as I live a pretty privileged life myself, my opinions on America as a whole are pretty meh.

But like, the pledge is so bloody stupid, who even thought of it? And why did everyone agree?
the crusades were dumb
In the 4th crusade only a fraction of them actually went to the holy land and the others pillaged fellow christian land notably ***fucking constantinople*** which absolutey devasted the Byzantines who would fall to the ottomans about 100 years laterr
I think
That people actually died in.
Once there was a war over a bucket.
I mean
Gregory II? I don't remember
Uh
Remember when the pope responsible for a bunch of death, (even more than other popes,) was given the title "the Innocent"
Much more effectice than the old approach of "praise our god or we'll fucking kill you and your family."
God just sounds like a massive egotistical jerk in the bible tbh
What are the main differences again?
Well maybe not a billion but a lot
The bible has a billion contradictions.
There's literally several passages which say it's okay to kill heretics too
Wait is that actually a thing that journalist say about Poland
What do you guys think about Europe?
^^^
Haven't heard about the camps before though.
Not to mention their conflict with Pakistan, and the overall poor living conditions.
True, still got ISIS.
Ideally everyone would just leave the middle east alone but that's not how the world works sadly
Yeah, Russia isn't exactly much better.
"In war, the first casualty is truth." -  I dunno who said this I only know it from the cod 4 death screens lmao
One argument I've heard in favor of it is that "If it's not us, then someone else will be exerting their influence."
Like the Syrian civil war.
Current.
What do you guys think about America's involvement in the middle east?
Right y'all mind if I ask about a pretty controversial question relating to American foreign affairs?
Big oof
I want one of those musketier hats with the feathers in them. I know I would get some weird looks but I think it looks cool.
I myself don't wear hats but I want to. My school's dress code has relaxed incredibley this year as you can theoretically wear anything as long as no privates are shown, so I could actually get away with wearing a hat.
Yeah, that's fair.
But hats are cool :(
ARE HATS JUST SOME SORT OF ANCIENT UNIVERSAL HATE SYMBOL LIKE WTF.
^^^ THIS
Okay least he wasn't killed but that reason is even stupider like.
Right
~~i have never heard ANYONE say yee haw unironically why is this our stereotype wtf~~
Yee haw noises
Meanwhile I'm here in Texas like
Aye well the north's got their fair share of fuckery
The North and South still kinda hate eachother today which is pretty sad.
Pretty much all of the declarations of independence cited the right to own slaves as a reason for secession
Mostly
Are you from Poland,  Electric?
^^
"That's a very american thing to do."
Okay that's true but I am hurt.
We like attention
Ugggggh why are we humans like this
That fucking hurts me so bad like.
Polish Death Camps?
Why do journalists tend to be so bloody stupid?
Thy as well iirc
Yes.
Welcome to the English language we can't make up our mind
Even when referring to a singular person.
Y'all is my favorite gender neutral pronoun and I will use it at all opportunities
We don't have 4 different words that all translate to "the" unlike a CERTAIN LANGUAGE THAT ALSO USES UMLAUTS A LOT.
Yeah many languages have a plethera of gender specific words
Exactly, we Texans are very progressive.
~~just ignore the fact that we're actually super conservative typically~~
Oh
I know european geography better than american geography for some reason.
How close is Idaho to Texas.
I do hear people say y'all a lot.
If I'm not mistaken the star in california's flag literally represents Texas.
Back when they were both first formed they were sister states
I hate how nowadays Texans and Californians often hate eachother nowadays
So like lodge?
Kurwa is the only polish word I know, because I am just so mature.
iirc forests are supposed to burn and then sort of regrow in some sort of process? I forgot what it was called.
Whoa
"Smart"
Well
Just smart animals
Because we are animals in the end
It's just a giant mexican standoff except instead of aiming guns at each other we're aiming nuclear weapons.
So far
Probably not though
Well you never know. Maybe some cell organism would adapt to he able to survive.
Yeah I think it's much more likely that we'll kill ourselves first.
In the future whatever species that might dominant the planet will view us the same way we view the dinosaurs.
Leaving the EU doesn't make them stop existing.
Would put in shitposting but it has a touch of politics so

I think it's best to live with limited ignorance.
What's happened?
You okay?
???
It's hard to think about the fact that one day you may go go sleep and just...not wake up
I want to believe we have something like a soul
Idk
Or perhaps it's still active on a different level that we don't know of?
I think the dream theory may be possible
I don't want to believe that I basically cease to exist, but it seems most likely
For me it's a optimist vs realist thing
^^^
Pretty heavy question here: do y'all think there's an afterlife?
No, not really.
https://kotaku.com/french-court-says-valve-must-allow-steam-users-to-resel-1838259529
My "meaning of life," that I have for myself is to make sure I can say I did more good than bad for the world when I have to leave.
Your set your own objectice for life, this ain't a game with an objectice marker. I don't believe in pre determined destiny really.
By default, there is no meaning. Because you have to make your own meaning
Here's my view on "the meaning of life"
Criminals actually can vote in some states, hell some states allow them to vote from prison. Just a fun fact really I'm not contributing to either side of the discussion.
Like ever other sentence I use the word "I" or "Me"
I feel like I talk about myself too much in conversations
Yeah
Right I've been procrastinating like hell and now it's biting me in the ass cause if i don't get my shit together I'm gonna have mandatory tutorials and after-school stuff on Thursday, and the cherry on top would probably be my mom making me feel awful for dissapointinf her. So currently I'm bloody blitzing all that work I laid off (while not doing it half-assedly,) and I think at this rate I'll probably be fine
Great! Honestly it's amazing to see things like that.
Probably more money than I'll make in my lifetime
~~am not good at life advice sry~~
I mean, you've got us, at the very least. Besides, life is long and the world is big, you'll find some good irl friends who'll stick with you someday, long as you don't shut yourself off from everyone else.
<:HibiMiku:432007202136391690>
Margaret Thatcher?
The political side is stupid at least
Twitter is stupid
If a civil war does happen it'll be less so a civil war and more so a mediocre coup attempt that ends quickly
^
I dunno what my home state of texas would do in a hypothetical second civil war
I think it's unlikely, but somewhat possible if a string of unfortunate events occur
Probably a mix of both
The fuck is wrong with some people?
So a fellow student today talked about how "funny" it was when he accidentally ran over someone's dog.
Sorry
fricc
I only know him for watergate
Nuke the washing machine
Put the reds in the whites, it makes them extra clean
Use magic
Imo a balance should always be maintained between the power of the people and the power of the state. Of course that's very hard to do because greed is a thing
It's fine
I'm not too fond of anarchy but I can see the reasoning in your beliefs
Anarcho-Communist?
Yeah
???
Wonder where I've heard that before.
A good idea ruined by human greed?
What's that?
Pfft
But again that's all I know of Margaret Thatcher
All I know about her is the Falklands War, and I actually support her decisions there since while colonialism is bad and all the Falklanders, according to a mass vote a few years later, preferred to stay with the British
Lots of people own guns just to shoot them at the gun range for entertainment
The internet has given us many great things, and equally horrible things
imo hunting is more practical use for firearms, as some people make a living off of selling fur and such, not to mention iirc the defender's weapon is usually turned against them in home invasions, not sure of the factual integrity of that since I just heard it off of the internet once and as we all know the internet cannot often be trusted <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
~~i don't like those coyotes i think they're planning on a mass assault soon~~
I think the first few should be blanks.
Yeah, that is true.
Yeah
I wanna make it clear that I'm not against gun control, I'm only opposed to an absolute ban against all weaponry. I think that more background checks and barriers should be put in place.
Yeah pretty much, it'd be more effective to eliminate the law than to try and fix the mess that it is.
Oh yeah that law certainly needs adjustment I would say. There should be a more strict definition of what a perceived threat is, and overall it needs to be more strict. Pulling the trigger should be an absolute last resort, imo. If you can avoid it, do so.
What are the stand your ground laws again?
I apologise if anything I say sounds uninformed ~~because it probably is~~
An assault rifle is a rifle designed for assault. Guns like the AR-15 are designed for effectively eliminating human targets. Shooting people is an assault. Honestly I think civilians should be allowed to keep guns designed for hunting and all that,  but you don't need a bloody sniper rifle to fend off a robber or shoot a deer. Hell, if there's a robber in your house you shouldn't just shoot him unless you know the robber also has a weapon of some sorts that can threaten you or your family, otherwise you should just scare them off with it or something. The gist is that civilians should only be allowed to own guns have a practical use like a small handgun for self-defense and a hunting rifle for hunting.
We need to sort out corruption in the government honestly but that's easier said than done
Look at the war on drugs
Clamping down just forces them to go underground
there's people in the world who defend stalin and hitler, some people are stupid.
Wait like actually dead
What the actual heck
Whoever thought this was a good idea can go and shove every existing copy of that paper up their anal cavity.
It didn't give you advantages
Except TF2 did it right
TF2 had a splendid economy
Still do, just got birnt out
I loved TF2
The Great TF2 Depression
Yuuup
Yeah
Reminds me of TF2, which is basically a zombie at this point
The previous arse wasn't even banned, he just left in a very immature fashion because he got pissed when the higher ups refused to bend over.
That's so accurate it hurts
Thing is it's this guy we knew back before we split (it's a long story,) who was constantly a dick to everyone who split away.
As soon as a massive dick left a server I was in another joined and took his place wtf.
Germany could've won WW2 if they just bought more golden eagles from gaijan smh
War Thunder is most guilty of that
***it's not murder it's surprise death***
Imagine someone pops in here expexting to see politics but they just see us talking about the economics of an online game
Forgot this was <#336297840529899522>
Oh right lmao
It's usually not worth it but
Hell you could even craft cosmetics
Yuuup
An optional thing that doesn't give you an advantage
More games should use that style of lootboxes
^^
It can
Yes
No special unique weapons could be obtained via boxes
Yes, Yori
Imagine getting rich off of playing video games.
It's insane
Dammmmn
And the stock weapons were usually better anyways.
All weapons could be obtained for free
I love how Overwatch fans have just pulled a reverse card on Blizzard.

"Oh, you don't like Hong Kong? Would be a shame if one of the game chars became a symbol of Hong Kong..."
Okay maybe that's too far but I hope they face severe consequences
We don't need another EA
I hope Blizzard goes bankrupt one day
Ye
There's this one youtuber, MarphitimusBlackimus,  who still looks at half life secrets and such
True
TF2 is immortal
TF2's coming back I'm telling ya
As well as Karma Charger
Also a pillar of the TF2 community, SiN, has come back recently
And it has a large cult following
TF2 is splendid even now
But I have been a n g e r e d
I don't even play overwatch
Hecc blizzard for what they're doing
On sunday there were like 2 in one day
If you don't know what an amber alert is it's an alert that plays on everyone's phone when someone's been kidnapped
There's been a lot of amber alerts in my location recently and it worries me a bit
Yeah that's very true
Imo
As they should be
So mostly it's like physical copies
Ooooh
But some games had to have a seperste German version that removes blood and such-
Just a ban on advertisement?
Does Germany still ban violent video games or has that changed in recent years?
Why look stuff up when these guys say it for you they definitely won't tell lies to influence your decision in a way that benefits them.
Nazi Propaganda even tricked the allies kinds with the whole clean wehrmacht myth
^
Whenever I play HOI 4 I usually go Democratic or Imperial Germany even though the historical nazi route is stupidly OP
I honestly just like painting the map, it feels oddly satisfying.
I hate the HOI 4 community but I love the game itself
Wait what are talking about now?
Or am I thinking of Doom 2016?
Wasn't the recent Wolfenstein game allowed with no censorship at all?
The most violent movie I've ever seen was Saving Private Ryan
I never saw Rambo
I mean I'm just 15 I'm not gonna have rational thoughts about the fate of all of humanity
Like I said it's an overdramatic take
I just wish we had a reset button
Yeah ik
Okay so overdramatic take; just fucking nuke as all to hell so we can start from scratch.
But what happens when everything starts falling apart and we're too busy yelling at eachother to fix it?
It's like trying to untie an impossible knot.
It's fucking stupid and I don't know how it can be fixed
Politics is literally just
"hey look at this bad thing you put us in charge we'll fix that bad thing except lolno we just made another bad thing lmao whoops."
This problem exist in politics in general
Also reminder that penal labour is legal in America. According to wikipedia;
Penal labor in the United States, including a form of slavery or involuntary servitude, is explicitly allowed by the 13th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution.
Yeah it's stupid
Others you can literally vote straight from prison.
Only in some states
^^^
You can vote from Prison in some states
America's prison system is absolutely incompetent.
Okay
Oh
Bad
Oh
Is that good or bad
Why do people fail to realize that making things illegal doesn't make them stop existing
- Dictatorships trying to look like republics
"Yeah we have elections it's just that I'm the only one who votes and I'm also the only candidate."
I don't think they can even do that legally
Well we're not stuck with this president for too long
Thanks for explaning it
Aaah, I see
And that's apparently legal
Per month
I mean there's iPhone apps that are secretly free trials that charge you like 50$ when the free trial ends.
Dickish, but not illegal most of the time.
[Everyone Liked That]
I guess you could say Blizzard has turned into an Avalanche
Or at least when this thing started I mean
Their stance was always pretty obvious if you ask me.
A concept that some corporations seem to forget
Reminder that game companies aren't shit without their communities.

Most memes in general are typically unfunny cause there's a 50/50 a hundred people already made the same meme
It's like saying that violent video games cause irl violence.
Can't beat the simplicity of stripes
Is nice
I didn't either. Tbh I only know the trans and gay one.
Honestly I'm moving out of the U.S as soon as I can, because of people like that.
What the fuck
Why can't humans just be nice, why is it natural for us to be massive dicks?
Yeah...
Well, sometimes leaders were respected but still bad
And we all respect her quite a bit.
Power should always be gained through respect if you ask me, it's shameful that those who are willing to step on others are often more succesful.
Ah yes
I'll never get how people feel better about themselves after making someone else feel worse.
Society has to move on eventually. It'll take awhile, but it shouldn't take too long.
Or course I am also a highschool student
I had a 4 day weekend last week
Don't worry, the b o o m e r s will die out eventually
Lmao
What fucking logic is that
Remind me to never visit Georgia
For self defense I mean
But it's punishable if you use excessive force I think.
Like dropping something out a window and it just so happens to land on a bystander?
Second degree murder? I'm far from an expert on law, I'm 15 for christ sake, but is that when you kill someone but you didn't quite mean to?
10, 15 years?
I think they got like
You guys know that cop who went into the wrong place and f*cking murdered someone in their own house?
If someone can find that image, I think it was in this server, please tell me
2 weeks into it's trip in america it was found mutilated
It survived through canada and Belgium just fine
There was this meme I saw about a robot that was going on tour around the world that depended on the kindness of strangers
No wonder one of the biggest american stereotypes is that we're jerks.
Typical american citizens are just fucking pyschos half the time
We like to feel superior to others
But I digress
Jellyfish are literally sacks of nerves that float and eat and sting people like wtf-
That's why I hate jellyfish
Fucking church pastors haven't read the entire bible
Even if he did I doubt that was the reason lmao
I don't think he knew she was gonna get sweets
The state which has a flag closely based on the confederate flag
Ah yes, Georgia
Everyone's a bit of a moron
God I used to be a moron
In a good way
Honesty I used to be a typical "LiBtaRds LmAo" kind of kid when I first joined, but this server changed my political views drastically.
And same-sex love is not new whatsoever, it used to be very common actually. Especially in ancient greece.
The concept if nonbinary and trans has existed for awhile. There was one greek story about a nonbinary person who saved aphrodite or some other god
Adverb?
There we go
Oh right, allow me to revise my comment
It's disgusting and present pretty much everywhere in politics
I fucking hate the whole duhumanize strategy degenerates use.
That's the pinaccle of petty
Still a bullshit excuse
Move to Canada or Europe
This is why I want to get out of America ASAP.
Incels I would say are much worse
Quite different, I think
Uh
It's their belief, if you thought your belief was wrong it wouldn't be your belief
Narcissism is sort of a natural thing, people are often biased towards their own beliefs because well
Thank me later
A PC that tazes you whenever you're being a dick on the internet
It's a big reason, but some people are nice because it feels good to do nice things sometimes.
Not to mention the ability to post shit anonomously
^^^
Arguments shouldn't be competitions
Oof
Not many places on the internet when you can talk about controversial topics without everything devolving into a caps-lock breaking battle royale
Same here
The U.S goverment when a large chunk of the population is suffering from some form of mental illness: *I sleep*

The U.S government when there's oil in another country half way around the world: ***real shit?***
best wishes aria [the threequel]
Assuming you live in America
Aye well that's 'murica for ya
And it's fine, TB
That's good news, Aria!
Very sorry for making it a big deal.
I was just worried
Oh, I'm sorry
What happened to saki?
And I can't @ her either
Why is Saki's name white now?
Uh
A Digimon-themed toy?
Unless I'm wrong
Unfortunately one is owned by a titan of a company, the other is not
Never watched digimon
I think you are c o o l
^
That makes me feel a lot better, thanks a bunch Maxwell :)
Thanks
Honestly it's probably just me being paranoid because of past things in my life.
That's fair.
On that note there's actually something I wanna ask, do you guys view me as sort of annoying or otherwise stupid? I kinda feel like I'm sort of the server moron.
Yeah I was proposing a theoritical situation earlier, even if I DID do that it'd be pretty obvious due to my indistinguishable  idiocy <:Ver:336656981144109066>
It's crazy how we can be aware of how bad we are as a species but not be able to do anything about it
Kinda ironic since we came up with the concept of logic
Well they can be patient like the rest of us and wait for climate change to kill is all
Some people get a feeling of power from it
Theoritically I could make an alt account and say some fucked up shit here and if I was careful no one would ever know
Lmao
Lower her expectations <:TsubasaYareYare:407397617451139073>
It's an intentional understatement
I'm referring to Yon's earlier comment
If a world war happened I doubt it would be without a few nukes.
A world war?
Nuclearly so
Explosive
Said change would be
Change, yea
Well
Civil war 2 electric boogaloo
*gasp*
Guys we need to defeat gravity to save the world
Everything falls cause gravity is exista
China fell apart several times though
Both parties are stupid it's like a sad comedy show
The two party system is stupid anyways
The cats will launch the nukes
Oh right
Monkeys are plotting against us I tell ya
That would require a big series of big mistakes
Imagine if earth just says "a'ight fuck y'all", becomes sentient, and nukes itself
M.A.D
I understate literally everything I say.
yet
i use the phrase "electric boogaloo" every now and then and I have not been raided by the FBI yet
Honesty there's nothing I can add, it's probably already been said.
<:HibikiScreech:633468460030230548>
ANHILATE IN A GOOD WAY
<:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158> YOU WILL NOT JUST DO WELL, YOU WILL FUCKING ANHILATE THAT INTERVIEW
YOU CAN DO IT KERRIK
Don't believe everything you hear, even if it's from someone you trust
Improve structural integrity
Cybernetic enhancements could be very dangerous without proper restrictions. Personally I think it would be best if any enhancements were to be minor things that like
Hm Rahki makes a good point there.
Elaborate?
What are y'alls thoughts on transhumanism? As in like, cybernetic enhancements and such
Also that thing with the bannana company in central america?
British East Indian Company?
I mean, corporation have an alarming amount of control here in America. I can say with confidence that a big enough company could bend a country to it's will.
I honestly won't be surprised whatsoever if in the near or distant future a corporation buys an entire country.
You really can buy anything with enough money, can't you?
Are said people "coneincedientally" the ones will all the money?
It's like they know it's a bad idea but they're too embarassed to admit it so instead of just calling it off they keep delaying it
Mhm
I just wish we could have the best of both worlds
Yea
And of course we can't just take away that anonymity because everyone would just throw a fit, claiming that their "free speech," is being surpressed.
Both of those statements are true
Why do asshats seemingly rule the internet?
What did you used to think?
For all we know the universe we live in could just be one out if billions and billions that merge together to form something else. Much like how we're made of billions of cells and atoms.
I think the universe in general is god, it very much acts like an organism, a cell perhaps.
It doesn't sound too far off to say that the universe itself is a giant organism
And with how many translations it's been through and twisting it around, there's a lot of stuff that the bible probably orginally didn't say at all.
Yeah that's me essentially
Yeah that sounds about right.
Oh
Is there a name for the believing in the general concept of a god, but not believing in specific details?
Better than the ones who ordered the crusades and were responsible for killing quite a lot of people
Hm yeah
I don't doubt it but I wanna see still
Did Francis actually say that, is that real?
In the words of Martin Luther, "Fuck the pope."
It's caused far too many problems all throughout history
Also yeah fuck the papacy
If you ask me, I think there's some sort of higher being in the world but I don't think the human race could comprehend such a thing. It'd be like an ant trying to figure out what the fuck is up with humans.
Goated?
Well yes
Organised religion, mostly. Religion in general also has some issues but my problem is with the big religions.
I don't know why humanity hasn't realised how bullshit religion is yet, but that's a discussion for another time.
Why do people get so uppity over other people wanting to have different parts, anyways? How does it affect them?
The better solution would be if everyone could just pretend to be decent human beings
Yeah, many religions seem to depict god as a person, a sentient being
So many questions, never to be answered <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
Even if we could, what would happen if we tried to go past?
Yeah, we couldn't possibly catch up with it
Imagine how cool it would be if we could like, find the edge of the universe. If there is an edge.
Kinda sad though
We're a speck inside of a speck.
We won't be around long enough to discover everything in our own galaxy
Yeah it doesn't
Do you guys think there are different universes?
You thought that like galaxies and such didn't move around as everything expandex?
Ooooh I think I understand
You thought that it kept making new stuff out of nothing as it expanded?
Nah, there's definitely worse than thet
Worst case?
Curse of balal
I don't do good in heat
I keep away from the heated ones
Plz no kill me
^^^^ wow this is so a g r e e a b l e
<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
I'm kinda guilty of just saying "I agree" in debates here
Aye
Mhm
~~yes~~
New vegas reference^
~~Yup that's a standard score there, but after what you've been through I'd say that's great news! So we know your vitals are good, but that doesn't mean them bullets didn't leave you nuttier than a bighorner dropping.~~
Yeah
The flag isn't but the words are
Wait no
The flag and words are identical to my first one
The dictators I mean
I mean if you live in a dictatorship it's likely they don't want you accessing that site at all.
I would put neutral for that.
Mhm, I thought the same. Whenever it came to that I chose neutral/hesitant
The flag looks pretty tho
Difference being that instead of equality it's justice, dunno why
It's basically the same?

Okay so I retook mine
That one kinda came out of nowhere
Uh

Because the world is stupid
Agreed
It's flying way over my head
If they want to what?
I mean if they want to
Let them be them I don't really care.

Radical centrist from what I understand is just "hey if it works it works," which in hindsight is a stupid idea because some things work significantly better than other things and sometimes they actually don't work at all.
i don't know
I used to be hardcore radical centrist.

I'm doing the 8values thing cause I did politiscales but not 8values
miso = boomer?
So like 10%
I love how the lady next to her is just like "why did I pursue a career in politics."
I love history.
As if it wasn't already fucked
But yeah your uncle is a massive boomer and I hope he gets what's coming to him, just thinking about how people like him exist angers me.
Frick
<:Ver:336656981144109066>
Hit him with the ok boomer
"yeah but I changed your diapers so I can be a prick all I want lmao"
Fucking hate when people say shit like that
Wait what
My grandma did the same awhile ago. She's alright now :)
I think
Mhm
Not to mention my chemistry teachers are usually super cool
Well yeah chemistry is not a boring class by any means.
It's just a thing that y'all don't do over there?
That doesn't sound like a very fun school.
I'm gonna look into that. I think we have an anime club too. Thanks for the advice.
I'm very bad with names <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
I usually play along because I don't want them to know I forgot their name.
Yeah that's exactly how it is for me. I suppose it's just a thing some people have to deal with growing up.
I'm a Sophomore in Highschool. Almost end of the first semester
So like, I'm in a weird state where I sort of have irl friends but not really? Every now and then someone will say hi to me in the halls or they'll talk to me and ask me how I'm doing or give me compliments. Thing is 99% of the time I don't even know their name but they act as if they're super familiar with me which is more so an issue on my side. The issue is that I myself don't talk much and whenever I do I feel like I'm making everyone else feel uncomfortable. I think it's mostly people feeling sorry for me because I kinda give off that poor depressed kid vibe with my head always down and not talking much. 

The more I talk about it the more I realize it's an issue on my side and I need to do something about my social ineptitude.
So I've been seeing a lot of ads on YouTube about Mike Bloomberg's campaign. Could someone perhaps fill me in?
Yeah no that's a real shit thing for your parents to do. That's not their choice to make.
They likely haven't done anything about it becaude the staff themselves are also racist homophobes.
<:TsubasaSmug:585839805737467920> <:TsubasaSmug:585839805737467920> <:TsubasaSmug:585839805737467920>

technically not victory yet but we're getting there.

We're calling it Britain 2: "This time we won't get our politics all fucked up."
Right we're getting rid of the old britain and making a new one
"Fuck the poor." - Conservatives, basically
So what do y'all think of the idea of taxing the rich a lot more to help the middle and lower class?
Ugggh when will it end
It's pointless.
Modern politics is like a broken pencil.
Usually not multiplayer.
Games, definitely.
I think my problem is primarily a mix of ADHD, Minor Depression, and young age.
It's embarrassing to think about actually.
I would hit myself on the head repeatedly when I got upset and would often crawl up into a corner.
I had it pretty bad a few years ago where I was really screwing over my life but I'm not sure if that was depression or autism.
I spend most of my time watching videos and playing games and I usually don't feel all mopey when it comes to that but outside of that and particularly in school I'd say somewhat.
So I've kinda felt like shit recently. I know it sounds stupid and a tad edgy but I sort of have that overwhelming feeling of "meh" where I can't make myself care or keep myself motivated. It's been screwing up my grades and the few social interactions I have. Now this part sounds even more BS and attention beggar-esque but I think I have some sort of minor depression? I'm not a doctor so I can't diagnose myself but a few of the symptoms are right on so it's a possibility. I'm really sorry if I'm just making myself look stupid right now.
No one ever got anywhere by calling themselves stupid and ugly.
the moon maybe
pence and trump moreso than others
fun fact, 99% of politicians can go f*ck themselves.
Like how the fuck.
I once saw a story about a 13 year old somehow sneaking his way into the american navy.
Hillary was also a bad choice but at this point I think she would've been the better option. Even if barely so.
He's only where he is right now because he was lucky and was birthed into a rich family.
on the buisness man thing
Not a particularly good one
Except this time we'd be fighting against an actual army rather than poorly organised insurgents? And yeah it hasn't,  which makes this all even stupider
Y'all ready for another pointless war in the middle east that will ultimately cause more problems than it solves and will be exploited by politicians to gain more support from close-minded blind patriots?
I try to be optimistic but that's quite hard sometimes
Probably true
Just do it again from the top?
Can we just have a new game +
An all out civil war would probably be a bad idea.
There will probably be riots
https://youtu.be/FCuoj5Dz6VI
Y'all of heard of the AlternateHistoryHub, right? That guy made a video about why war with Iran is an awful idea quite awhile ago actually. He brings up some great points, particularly a sort of training session meant to predict how a landing in Iran would go.
They aren't a bunch of poorly organised insurgents
That's true
We go to war with Iran, but because of the terrain and crap it quickly becomes vietnam 2. The conservatives take a major blow and are swiftly voted out of office for the most part. This is wishful thinking on my part, of course it would be ideal to avoid war with Iran completely.
One possible scenario
So either wait until all the stupid old people are replaced or we can go with the more violent option.
We need to radically change the current system, but the question is how the hell are we supposed to do that?
Both were awful options
Well you do you I guess.
Some people try but it's pointless when everyone else is just too lazy.
The fact that we're able to realize our own shortcomings.
Anime, Art, Games
Culture
Humanity isn't completely awful. We're responsible for some good things as well.
For all we know that might be even stupider than we are but have access to resources that we don't have that allows them to easily make advanced tech with no effort
We have no idea what any aliens might be like
But how do you know that?
Or aliens
Was probably Iran.
"Who shot it down tho?"

"Yes."
aliens are always an acceptable excuse
Trump seems to have a trend of promising to fix situations that *he caused*
What did I say that was so funny?
And every single time I speak up about something people just fucking giggle like
I don't even know what defines me other than "socially awkward nobody that people think is smart but actually only possesses very surface level knowledge."
I wish I wasn't such an uninteresting person. Like, there's not a lot that's special about me.
In fact I have quite a few unhealthy habits that I need to metaphorically vaporize and dispose of.
I've been skipping breakfast a lot recently. I need to stop that, not good for me.
The world works in mysterious ways
Honestly just saying "fuck it" is strangely motivating
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720> <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
Thank y'all :))))
It also helps when you don't overthink literally everything
Getting in the mindset of "fuck it as long as I know I'm not doing anything blatantly wrong why should I care about what they think?" And also remembering that there's probably some people out there that I'd probably get along with actually really helps a lot.
Right so I've just had a sudden burst of confidence and actually socialised a bit and feel pretty good about myself so I feel like I should thank you guys for the advice.
I overthink everything
That's probably my issue then
Nobody wants to initiate a conversation with me, and if I try to intiate one I'm just gonna make them think I'm a weirdo
^ precisely the issue
Yes because trying to find those people includes the risk of public embarrassment
It really fucks with me.
wha
Just motivation in general really
Yeah
Febuary 19th
I'm currently a high school student. Sophmore. 15, going to be 16...exactly one month from now actually
Well I'm not planning to get a job until summer starts
I need to keep it saved for those occasions then, because when you listen to a song constantly it sort of looses it's effect.
The TF2 theme honestly gets me hyped up every time. So I might try that.
Well
Honestly I think I should just stop thinking too much
Thank you. I've heard of that before, and it works sometimes.
I'm really struggling with finding that self-confidence for when I need it.
Okay so can anyone with experience tell me a good way to get yourself hyped up and get your confidence all sturdy?
Sometimes I am, sometimes I'm not.
Unless they hit you first then it's fair game.
Don't adopt that mindset when it's an actual person. Hurting actual people is bad
Just uh
Honestly I tend to visualize my life issues like that.
by writing it.
and you have to beat it up
that deserves to be beat up.
like, a really bad person
Imagine that essay is a person
Mhm
Abridged miku is 90% of what's wrong with it.
We still have the pledge of allegiance back from the cold war
US schools aren't even good at brainwashing but they sure try. Honestly US schools are all around pathetic and sad.
He also gets a tad upset when I mention the language barrier, which is understandable
So uh an incident occured in my personal server and one guy left and says he'll be back eventually. He's trying to vent to me about something but I can hardly understand him because his english is awful, his native language is russian. I feel really bad about not being able to help him out because of the language barrier.
The only people I feel good about talking to are barely in any of my classes.
I just don't
Okay but the thing is I can't force myself to have that sense of urgency
bool fizzy_confident = false;
Maybe I should talk to people more to build up confidence and force my brain to realize "oh so talking isn't a 100% chance to make you look STUPID"
Is it just magic?
but how do I m o t i v a t e myself?
I just can't motivate myself when I'm focuses on having to do stuff
But everytime I try to climb out I just give up
It's all my fault my grades are shit and only I can pull myself out of this ditch.
It's so much easier to just say "well it's because everyone else doesn't help me enough," but I can't say that with good conscious because they actually help me quite a lot.
<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
It's super freaking annoying knowing that you can only blame all your failures on your own laziness and lack of interest in what is actually pretty important
I believe that's called anxiety
you mean C?
If things do go violent in America eventually, with revolts and shit, I'm worried I might be stuck in the middle of it, being in Texas
I'm just really hoping I'm not staring into the future with europe
The british invented them for their african colonies iirc.
As in when they were first invented?
I mean not nearly as awful as the nazi ones but having them at all is absolutely absurd.
basically staring into what is probably the future for america.
meanwhile I'm just here across the atlantic like
Poland and Hungary iirc.
As in it's a pretty good concept ruined by, you guessed it, stupid old men
the EU would be great if it wasn't bad.
Oof
So what happened with Brexit?
I mean gatling guns existed but they were a novelty really
Definitely not.
"*well constructed argument with a good amount of evidence*"

"bUt GeOrgE wAsHinGtoN sAid-"
Honestly some people treat the FFs like gods or something when some of them were actually pretty stupid.
Some people say that the founding fathers took into consideration that weapon technology would advance, but I call BS on that.
(Hi texas)
Or if they enter your house
Yeah I can agree with that.
Well I think it would be dependent on exactly how excessively
Honestly the shock of having had to kill/seriously maim someone is punishment enough for "Excessice Legitimate Defense."
Look at internet historian's video on "the balloon boy"
American "Justice" System, where whoever has more many to bribe people with wins.
You'll either get punished for something you didn't do, or get away with something you did do.
the american justice system is stupid
And shoot them when they arrive and claim that you thought they were an intruder?
What if you invited someone to your house
But like
*building a sentry-*
What if it's someone you invited to your house?
How paranoid do you need to be?
Probably tbh
I'm honestly not sure.
It's just that the engineer in TF2 is texan lol
Cause it feels like one
Is that a TF2 reference?
With the build a turret thing
Also rady
Yeah we have "hold your ground" laws
What's a caucuses?
what
I think i'd die if I stopped now.
oxygen is a hell of a drug, super addicting.
You know, I always have thought of such ambitions for my life, but when I look around and see other people's experiences with life, I know I'll be lucky just to be moderately successful. I'm not special at all, at least not in a good way, and I know I'll probably never be able to do the things I want to do. I'm not exactly looking forward to it, living my whole life while my dreams and ambitions will likely be out of reach for all of it.
Couldn't of have said it better myself 
~~because I am awful at communication~~
||I hope it goes well! Also I have to compliment you on taking the intiative for it.||
I mean there's always revolution but I'd rather leave that as an absolute last resort.
Hard to fix a corrupt voting system when you have to go through said corrupt voting system to implement those fixes
It's finding out what the hell you gotta do to fix it that's hard.
But identifying the problem is the easy part
Our voting system needs some changes if you ask me.
and then they just call you salty when you call them out on it.
yeah pretty much
oh and also guns.
>Fought for independence
>Stupidly patriotic
>Split nearly 50/50 between two parties with the conservatives still usually winning because it's easy to just say "everything's fine lmao" than it is to propose any change that has even the smallest chance of negative consequences occuring.
Honestly the more and more I think about it Texas really is just mini america
The dallas metrocomplex is basically a slice of the north down in the south.
Although there is a significant amount of liberals here too, and that number is only growing due to all the people moving in from California and such.
I mean I live in texas which mostly supports trump.
My not-legally-step-dad-but-pretty-much-step-dad is actually a trump supporter. He's mostly a cool guy but I try to avoid talking politics with him.
Aight
And of course it's often so vague we don't even know what it means
too bad that people worship that piece of paper like it's some holy text.
Those same people I know also support trump saying that the economy's been better with him which is either completely false or he got lucky and got in office as the economy was booming on it's own.
A lot of people I know don't think he's capable of delivering the promises he makes.
too bad we have to deal with the voting system to do so.
also make it so that grumpy old people aren't in charge of everything.
And I'll declare Symphogear the national anime.
I will win the 2020 election
me
the answer is...
who will win the 2020 election?
I haven't I keep forgetting tbh
I always come out a lot happier after choir
A few, I absolutely love my choir class
That's absolutely identical to my situation.
So basically now I have to readjust my entire stance on a lot of things.
I think it's because up until recently I've had a superiority complex because I usually was superior to my peers (on an academic level at least,) but recent years have forced me to realize I'm skilled but don't have much experience and I am now in a part of my life where experience and effort matters more than natural skill. Because earlier in my life I would always ace everything without trying but that's not the case anymore.
I just have a severe issue of getting jealous over stupid things.
I compare myself to people far more experienced than me and then blame myself for not being as good at them when I don't have that experience.
I have identified yet another one of the many things wrong with me that I need to fix!
yeah that's fair
fidget spin yourself into church
But it's far from perfect.
Well yeah it doesn't immediately collapse.
Why must capitalism be the way it is.
Prices would all go up accordingly?
How does it work again? I was told that everyone would get 1000$ every year or so but also have to pay higher taxes. And I can definitely see the issue there.
I would if I was old enough to vote.
It appears he's been aggressively sidelinesd.
Yeah I hadn't even heard of Yang until recently
Ah, well that's an oof for him.
What do you guys think about Andrew Yang? I've heard a few good things about him, particularly about his Universal Basic Income plan.
i play eu4 so I'm basically an economy expert. to fix inflation you've just gotta spend a bunch of administrator points.
Inflation, the greatest enemy of both economist and people browsing fanart not wanting to see any of that weird fetish shit.
Last time I did this I was much closer to the center.

My opinion on anarchism: it's a lot like communism with how it would have to depend on people not being selfish pricks for it to effectively work.  <@302063351767498752>
I myself don't 100% understand how ot works, but I do now that lots of people are pissed about the electoral college and all that jazz.
That's not what's being said whatsoever.
Nobody was saying you were saying it like that though.
I mean I don't see why she would block me so I assume it's her friend settings.
Mega oof
I tried to add aria as a friend but it didn't work for some reason
I will miss you too, I will look forward to seeing you again <:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
Not about the vehicular manslaughter I am not familiar about that at all.
When you know what you want to say but don't know the words for it.
Yeah I know that frustration
I think that a well-executed punishment can actually help with reformation. However, if it's too harsh, they might feel that the punishment was unjust, and if the system is being unfair why should they be fair? It's important that they don't grow a zealous resentment of it, but they should still have a desire to avoid ending up back there.
Very vague I know.
For me personally, the definition of punishment is "a disciplinary consequence bestowed upon an indivudual as a result of an ill action they had performed."

Reformation for me is to have the person realize why what they did is wrong and have them refuse to do the same thing again.
I joined cause of the friend who introduced me to geah. They're in the server but rarely talk here.
And then there's a deleted user who posted an arrow pointing to me with the caption "LOOD THIS"
You were one of the peeps who said hi
May 26 2019 here.
thank you. that does make me feel a little better. there's just some stuff going on with my family right now and that's why I'm a bit upset
I absolutely despise just fucking spectating from the sidelines but I know that it's for the best that I just stay out of it.
i fucking hate being absolutely powerless to help and when I do try and help I end up making everything worse.
I was born back when valve was seriously dominating PC gaming, back in 2004. Valve's games where some of my first on the PC
Good luck with that
Murder is bad
Yes
This is certainly a thing that is going on
I'm okay with giving a bit of my money away if it means I can live in a stable society where I don't run a severe risk of getting shot every time I step outside just because they felt like it.
But humans are inherently selfish.
A complete anarchist society would rely on the good will of other people
Isn't there a page in the bible that instructs you how to properly beat your slaves?
Ancap is the least anarchist out of the anarchy ideologies.
The media just keeps shitting on him because even vaguely assosciating yourself with socialism makes you the devil himself according to some people.
How many luxury sport cars?
Meanwhile, I wonder how many houses Bloomberg has?
And yet everyone is focusing on sanders Castro comment
sounds like a 4-chan operation
As <@504069701911969803> requested (i don't have the 8axis on me rn)
I think the main appeal is just the action.
I actually like Goblin Slayer.
I'd let Grandaddy Bernie execute me <:MikuGay:336656810788388864>
I know I'm a good person for the most part but my feelings and such are just telling me: "no you can't feel good about yourself you suck you have literally no personality nothing about you is interesting and people are only nice to me out of moral obligations."
I actually came here to do my occasional rant about how I find it impossible to convince myself that people care about me even though there is a bajillion evidences to the contrary in this server alone but I'll save it until after the memes e
What is the capital of Ecuador?
Beelzebub
Baseball
<:ChrisHibikiHug:630262562361049121> <:HibikiHug:620080558462205956> <:ZweiHug:672455346949980170> the holy trinity
Aight
Not quite sure what to think of that.
Thank you!!!!!! I know my reactions often feel underwhelming and not genuine but I really ***do*** appreciate it
Nah it's fine
And as you said, Hatt, experimentation is important. I should sort of "try out" other mindsets
I should trust my subconcious more.
The number one problem I have is that I either don't think or overthink.
I feel like my life has been slowing drifting towards the shitshow it was a few years ago and I'm trying to turn thst around as soon as I can but that's of course not easy and I'm dealing with lots of challenges.
Thank you all. I really really ***really*** appreciate it!!!!!!!
Carrying on the last name is also a big part.
I'm bad at describing literally anything sorry. Basically she's absolutely obsessed with me because of all the stuff surrounding my birth and me nearly dying at birth and her also being very Christian and so thanking god me not dying and also the classic case of the parents wanting grandbabies irregardlessly of whether or not the child wants to have children when they grow up.
I'm just straight, I've considered being bi but I feel like I've only thought of it because I want to feel better about myself and converting based on that I feel would be non-genuine and bad of me. Also if I did date a guy it'd be a massive middlefinger to my mom since I'm the only male child of hers and you know all that jazz.
I think you're super interesting, Rady. Honestly you're loads of fun to chat with.
Thank you all a lot. I super duper appreciate it. I think I need to sort of allign my subconcious as well. Because my concious mind knows what the problem is and what to do, but my subconcious is just like "real life sucks just play video games and ignore it forever."
I barely have any control over my mind, it's always all over the place. ADHD and all that.
How do I push myself more? Do you know any strategies?
I moreso mean a sort of mental tool.
I know
My phone calendar
Because otherwise I'm just gonna overthink it or forget.
I need something to help push me towards this goal.
Okay so here's the thing.
I've literally been looking for isolated spots at the lunch tables to sit down at.
I should also stop sitting by myself at lunch.
Maybe join an afterschool club?
Just going up and talking to someone I'm somewhat famliar with?
I often find myself asking "Is it worth running the risk of making myself look like a weirdo?"
Thing is, I've known that it's been a problem for so long, but I just haven't done anything about it. I keep telling myself I will buy I'm just abysmal at talking to people.
Thank you.
Do I sound stupid?
I'm just so detached from everyone else. It barely feels like we share the same world.
I have a few people at school that I consider friends, but even then my overthinking and lack of confidence leads me to still not feel comfortable.
I really need to make some close friends, I feel like having someone to sort of lean on is what I've been missing.
Mhm.
Next year it's gonna be 4:25 PM. In exchange we get like, 6 days less of school?
I take a stimulant and I forgot the official term for the other pill but it's for my Autism (I have high-functioning autism,) and it's supposed to help me focus more.

School ends at 4:15 PM
I'm at school. (We're currently not doing anything so that's why I'm on my phone.)
I think it might be that my meds usually wear off by this time? But I don't take anti depressants.
Yeah
2:53 PM
Why do I always feel more depressed at this time of day?
But I don't know *what* to do. I've tried writing stories but I always forget about them. I really like voicr acting but I also forget about it.
Cause I know I'm pretty bright but having those talents doesn't mean anything if I don't use it for anything.
I need to do more things to be proud of.
It's like that one Japanese swordsman who became so good at dueling, literally beat an opponent with a wooden sword, that he gave up on dueling and started writing poetry.
Some days I'll get on a TF2 server and absolutely dominate, other days I'll be on the bottom of the scoreboard.
That's why I treasure my inherent average-ness when it comes to most games.
And it feels frustrating when 99% of the playerbase can crush you without a sweat.
Yeah.
The closest I am in any game is probably TF2.
I've never really reached that level of skill in any game where there's just no more room to improve.
But it wouldn't of have felt special.
Well yeah.
Where do you go from there?
Because like
Yeah, I understand that 100%
Ah.
Which game?
I guess you're right. There's no good without the bad, and vice versa.
I wish that it wasn't always inherently easier to screw something up compared to how hard it can be to make something good.
It's goes the other way around, too. You can turn a great day into an awful one. It's actually much easier to do so.
Exactly!
And you can always turn a curse into a blessing, right?
I guess it's a glass half full half empty sort of thing.
Which is equally as motivating as it is scary.
You never know what the future has in store.
Yes
Who would've thought that my online friend introducing me to an anime where a girl punches god would lead me here?
I would probably be in a much darker place without y'all.
You guys are freaking amazing btw. This place has helped me out so much.
I thought Obama was supporting Bernie?
Farthest left you're gonna get in America sadly.
Biden our time
I guess until then we'll just be...
I'm sick of wrinkly old pricks stuck in their ways being the ones who call the shots.
And that's never going to change, is it?
I wish he would :(
I wanted to do one of those shitpost things where I make a mod for Half Life and replace all the lines with my own voice
I think I really need to start making goals.
I support whiskey on that statement actually.
And I'm excruciatingly gullible
I would not survive a week in Britain. I am awful with sarcasm and stuff like that
Well by today's standards he's probably not very progressive
fuck it just resurrect teddy roosevelt. he was a swell fella

And pretty bad in some places
So he was just "meh" for the most part.
I didn't really have any understanding or interest in politics when Obama was more significant, so could someone give me a quick summary of where he stands in general?
Wait did you have a birthday recently?
You have other friends, right?
That's a real shame, but ultimately for the best
I see
Did you try to tell them how you felt?
Also a list of things I need to work on 

- Allign my subconcious mind with my concious mind, (I keep on telling myself that I'll do something, but my subconcious always gets in the way.)

- Talk more to people and make strong friendships, if I have really good friends then that will help motivate me because I would be certain that other people believe in me.

- Fix my school grades, this has been a source of stress for awhile. I need to ask my teachers for help if I simply don't understand something regardless of how embarassing it feels.

- Be overall helpful, it really helps me feel good about myself when I know that my actions have improved peoples day.

- Be more open about my feelings, I've usually refused to open up to my family and friends about how I feel because I'm always worried they're gonna judge me or blame themselves for it. I need to realize that letting my family get a better idea of who I am as a person will likely improve my relations with them.
<:HibikiBlep:605209109284782090>
Still struggling to convince my subconcious that being lazy and just not doing anything, while comfortable, is not sustainable. Still going with the plan I had, and I do feel I've been doing slightly better with talking to people. I also talked to my dad about how I felt and he helped me out too. I decided to make a sort of "bucket list" except instead of stuff I wanna do before I die it's stuff I wanna do before summer of this year ends. One of the things on that list relates to that one project where I do all the voicelines for Half Life; I want to get my dad to do a few as well since he is funny dude and I love him. I've also been eating a bit healthier and trying to get more sleep. Overall it's going slowly but I'm making progress, and I'm sure I'll gain some momentum as I go on.

Will keep y'all updated
https://twitter.com/JustinWhang/status/1235041551413198849?s=19
Speaking of joe biden
But I'm not a political theorist or anything.
Fair point, I'm sure there's a way though.
I think there should be since the mind does begin to deteriorate as you reach the end of your lifecycle.
Should there be a maximum age limit for voting, since there's also a minimum?
did somebody say D  O  O  M
I isolate myself far too much. I really should rely on them some more.
2 sisters. Both older than me, they agree with me on it for the most part.
I can't deal with two more years of it. Hell, two years minimum.
I could legally move in with my biological dad but I don't want to put that burden on him.
I despise my "step-dad", not even legally my step dad but he may as well be because he calls all the shots. My mom can't financially support the family without him, so we can't do a fucking thing about it. He's a sociopath with anger issues who acts like a child and has no idea how to treat people with autism, who have radically different minds, nor does he care to learn how. He doesn't care at all, he just wants to feel powerful. Meanwhile, I have no power at all. I can't do a fucking thing, my only choice is to deal with it until either he leaves or I can leave.
McKinney, where I live, in on lockdown now.
Anything I could say about it is either pointing out the obvious or it's already been said before.
Sorry if that comes across as somewhat passive-aggresive I was trying to find a way to word it that didn't come off that way-
Well that's quite good for you.
I'd be less upset about healthcare putting people in crippling debt if said healthcare was actually good.
I haven't being keeping up with politics for my own sake, how's Bernie doing?
The whole reason people are "complaining" is so that people look at the issue and try to solve it, but some people just seem to think that issues will magically go away if you ignore them.
When people acknowledge that there's an issue but knock off people bringing attention to it because "you aren't proposing a solution you're just complaining!!!!"
Which is one of the most irritating things for me
and the other 0.5% is them just saying "k what are you gonna do about it?"
0.5% is them actually making arguments
because 99% of what the right does is pick apart arguments that either no one is actually using or they just intentionally misinterpret it to exploit the fact that the viewer is just going to take their word for everything.
Someone should just make a channel called "PragerY" which makes videos in the same form that just point at all the bullshit in PragerU videos.
Well the Right's ruined my YouTube advertisements.
"nooo the left ruins everyythinnng :((("
fucking hell "the left ruins everything," that title alone just sounds childish
Well I didn't want to say literally and risk overstating it but in doing so I've understated it haven't I?
Not to have what is basically conservative propaganda shoved in my face.
I watch youtube to escape the BS politics and mindfuckery of the real world.
Every god damn time I see a PragerU ad a small part of my soul dies.
I like to think that whenever Trump gets bored he just spins a wheel and decides to fuck up whatever it lands on.
Hardly narrows it down <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Gonna need to be more specific.
it's like your cat that you keep telling to get off the table but no matter how many times you shoo it away it just comes back onto the table like wtf why can't you understand that YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED ON THE TABLE THAT IS WHERE THE HUMANS EAT AND YOU ARE GETTING YOUR FUR ALL OVER IT.
Where the left is hardly leftist.
Well I mainly meant in america.
It's really only there because those kinds of people always exist.
And I mean a significantly lesser extent
Tbf the left does the same thing, but to a significantly lesser extent.
Person: *isn't in neck deep in the right of the political chart*
The Right: So you have chosen communism.
I don't think a disease can be evil, it doesn't have any ill intents. Or any intents, really. It isn't a consciencious being.
"Fuck it, national bolshevikism"
Is it just like
I wonder what the thought process for those kinds of people is.
I was thinking that
What would criss cross be in a political context
I think I can survive that long.
Only two more years, optimally
Mhm.
She was pretty justified in the divorce at the time, my dad had much bigger anger issues.
Too bad I'm only 16 and she can just ruin my life if she felt like it.
Today hasn't been very good in case you couldn't tell
99% sure she's just pissed off that the person who isn't my legal caretaker does more parenting that she does.
I just looove how my mom not only fails to offer me any emotional support, but actively tries to cut me off from the one parent who DOES offer me emotional support because she feels "betrayed," because she divorced him when I was like 4.
Or just shoot next to it, it'd probably get scared and leave
ask it politely to leave
Hope he turns out okay!!!
Probably
if we're going all in on religious freedom, then does that mean I can kill people that don't follow my religion?
Nah I think that's about right.
Rather than just stretching their pre-existing religion and intentionally misinterpreting stuff.
Actually be decent people?
Religion is more commonly used as a tool to control people than anything else.
religious freedom unless your religion allows you to do a thing we don't want you to do.
ah, right
Guess I better start saving up then. If it ends up being too much either way, I guess either Denmark or Sweden would be my second choice.
oh
Just because, everything I hear about it is splendid.
Has anyone here ever been to Norway? I plan on moving there when I'm old enough and have the money. And after I've learned the language
And it sure as hell ain't holy <:Ver:704169051391524875>
The United States of America are not united, nor American.
"The holy Roman empire is not holy, roman, nor an empire."
GS would be 1000x better if it just didn't try to make a plot. It's strong point is the action.
I'm not sure I fully understand that concept.
Aye I suppose so.
I'm gonna describe my political beliefs in one sentence.

People should be able to do whatever they want as long as it does not negatively affect others in a way that cannot be comfortabley ignored or reasonabley mitigated by the person(s).
Rather than a figure.
He feels like an actual *person*
To me that's one of Bernie's biggest appeal
I actually think that would someone help his campaign. Let people know that he's a genuine person.
It would be great to see him play PUBG or something
Ah.
So Bernie streams on twitch right? What games does he usually play?
It's not america if nobody is trying to turn a profit from it.
you wanna send stuff to your friends but don't wanna catch the virus? Give us money fuck you
That's one way to enforce social distancing
Just shoot the virus lmao.
Here in texas.
oh right we're slowly opening resteraunts back up.
I don't know how texas is doing.
Don't worry guys we'll just use online polling I'm sure people won't find a way to exploit that.
Can't get voted out if no one can vote.
Bernie dropped out right?
Who are the leaders in the democratic nominee?
Oh i'm dumb
How are the U.S elections going? Which one of the creeps is ahead?
Mutual understanding
But yeah that's good
I wouldn't know. I'm usually the one trying to join friend groups in vain.
Mutual acceptance.
Well as far as I can tell that's probably the ideal ending.
How did they react?
Were you harsh about it?
i absolutely love theodore roosevelt.
Guess that makes me a progressive libertarian or whatever the name for that would be.
I don't officially call myself a progressive but I do have progressive beliefs.
Mhm.
I guess you could just make your own political party that follows all of your beliefs, but it'd be pretty hard to find other people who also believe in all of those same things.
did you mean: hell?
The concept of political parties is fundamentally flawed for that very reason. Finding a party that perfectly fits your beliefs is like finding a needle in a haystack.
applying as a retail clerk with my preferred positions being cashier or courtesy clerk.
ye
Applying for a job at a kroger 8 minutes from where I live. I don't actually know my SSN though and it's 2 AM so I doubt mom is awake to tell me.
Thanks poland
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/after-years-of-fighting-alongside-the-illinois-national-guard-the-polish-military-deploys-a-team-to-help-fight-covid-19-in-the-chicago-area/ar-BB13rbvA
Complaining's all I'm good for tbh. I mean financially my family's better off than most and I've got tons of supportive friends but for some reason I have the audacity to continue complaining and being an unproductive shit and I can't blame anything or anyone other than me, but even knowing that I still find myself not doing anything about it.
I'm still gonna feel bad about it because self-hate and all that shit.
when you want to vent but you know that it'd be fucking stupid because all of your problems are your fault, unfortunate circumstances aren't to blame and in fact you're pretty lucky in comparison to other people you know who seem to be enjoying life substantially more (which makes you feel even shittier about yourself because you're here typing out a stupid contradictory vent in an anime discord server (which you've barely been active on,)  on your expensive gaming PC while there's people much worse off than you having a jolly time.)
Hard to say since they aren't an organized group with a central authority.
Ah yes, american freedom. You are free to actively oppress minorities but if you oppose fascism you are literally a terrorist.
He gets the guilotine.
Fuck randy pitchford.
https://twitter.com/BlackRockShadow/status/1266912740259627008?s=19
Big brain move, declare the police terrorists
How they hell do you declare them a terrorist organization when they aren't even an organization.
Isn't Antifa super unorganized anyways?
"Everything I don't like is terrorism"
What the fuck
what
So antifa's a terrorist organization but not the KKK? Interesting.
I don't think we're gonna be able to do anything, the police'll do anything to get even peaceful protestors to go home and now the military's getting mobilized.
Doesn't matter. We can't do anything.
Well, stuff'll change actually. For the worse.
I'm generally an optimist but fuck I cannot imagine a single good outcome at this rate. The protests are gonna be end up being dispersed and nothing will change ultimately.
which I really hope isn't true.
in my case a friend while playin fucking terraria informing me that someone burnt down an orphanage.
I just wanna be able to sleep tonight without having all this shit on my mind
Thank you. I'll stay vigilant I suppose
But at the same time I feel like shit for going against him because he actually defends me when I'm not looking and he also helped me buy a headset when I was just short.
He did get banned from the community in which I first met him.
<@!676272618839605249> I've called them out. Many, many times before. But apparently that thin layer of irony is enough to protect him.
He's the definition of schrodinger's asshole.
they just coat it in a thin layer of irony and everyone plays along apparently?
they are.
fucking-
But my softie little self said "maybe he's changed!!! or maybe you were wrong???"
i really shouldn't let myself get pushed around. I should've blocked the prick when I saw his friend invite on steam.
shit that they sent


I decided to accept a re-inivation to a group of friends I decided to part ways with and I'm slowly beginning to realize why I parted ways with them in the first place.
Yup
Bug spray works for people too if you spray it in their eyes. <:VanessaSmug:689395769199165447>
Absolutely
Also not mentally capable of a lot of things
He's not physically capable of a lot of things.
School opens back up in fall here in Texas.
Exactly.
...except the first wave hasn't really ended
let's make it more true
time to exploit the middle and lower class for my financial benefit!
The Nazis actually despised Socialism and Communism.
why are all my dreams about people being mean to me and yelling at me
Mom's making go to in-person school even though I quite clearly stated that I preferred the online alternative
4th of july!!! The imperialists will be extra feral today.
Unless she isn't taking them for herself and actually selling them to other people. I wouldn't doubt it.
My sister does have ADHD I think. She has her own meds though. I'm not sure why she doesn't ask if she can be prescribed mydayis or something.
But yeah, I'm glad I have it again because I feel a lot more focused and relaxed than I did last week.
I have to hide my pill box in my room now.
Yeah. Mydayis is the one she stole.
Aderall in specific is a popular "study aid," as I've heard.
I'm told it's not an uncommon thing.
Yup.
I'm still pissed that my sister stole my god damn meds. My own fucking sister. How messed up is that?
Got my meds refilled so I've got the second pill I'm supposed to take. Forgot it's name, but it's an ADHD med.
Until it halts, or even starts going backwards?
And how do we know that it won't continue to slow down?
Yeah but that train of progress seems to of have halted.
I know I won't live to see it.
But even if it is possible
I wanna be hopeful, I wanna believe that the world can eventually get better.
Well, parent and said parent's boyfriend.
I'm 16, I currently live with my parents.
It sucks that once I finally move out and have to buy my own ADHD meds, I'll have to choose between having said medication and having financial stability.
I still see my biological dad regularly though
Hello I'm Network
<:TikiPraise:672430544381935625>
<:NotLikeFist:689188869974786133>
When #BanTedCruz is trending, but it's about banning him from American Airlines and not from existence in general.
Not mental state, I think I can guess that.
What state are you in?
Well, not so much as giving the students the option as it is giving their parents the option.
The school district I go to is giving students the option to either go to in-person school, which will probably requires many precautions for safety's sake, or continue doing online school.
Like
Not sure about that, quarentine will probably still be going on when school starts back up.
This is unrelated but my Mom also decided that she won't send me to in-person school.
It's terrifying how the media can convince so many people of something that is blatantly untrue.
Sounds about right.
I support trans rights but I don't live in the UK.
What's the % of males that support it? Article didn't say.
tis funny
Lmao it's okay.
Who is austin and why is him speaking so bad
"Austin speaks"
Oh yeah I've heard of this youtuber, covers stuff like Autism Speaks
Jesus christ I didn't know just how fucked my state was about it.
https://www.kielichlawfirm.com/texas-law-employers-vacation-policy/
Found a website that sums it up pretty well
I also tried to search it up myself, apparently in Texas employers are not required by law to provide any vacation days, even for holidays.
fuck
I live in Texas, does this state have "at will" firing policies?
america is pay to win :(
What do I do if I find they're trying to do that or something like it?
Yeah, I'll try and stay on my toes.
Alright, thank you.
Tried googling this because I was a tad worried, I didn't find any answers so I thought I'd ask you guys. Is it possible for places to pay you less if you have a "Mental Illness," in my case high functioning autism
Yeah he's senator.
lmao.
jfc
Like, I keep on making dumb mistakes that make my friends feel bad and I hate myself for it.
You ever feel like a bad friend? That you receive too much support from your friends and never give back enough?
90% of the time people who cry about cancel culture participate it in it themselves and only dislike cancel culture when culture they like gets cancelled.
I find it ironic how /pol/ and other 4chan pages go on whining about cancel culture and complaining about how they got banned from twitter after advocating for the mass murder of minorities and then they just turn around and ddos a trans subreddit or anything they don't like.
It was spurred on by some thing in the other server, I'll dm you a screenshot.
<@!84811738653929472>
"You ever feel like a bad friend? That you receive too much support from your friends and never give back enough?
Like, I keep on making dumb mistakes that make my friends feel bad and I hate myself for it."
Probably an ADHD thing but it doesn't make me feel any better about it.
> As long as you learn from the dumb mistakes then there’s no problem.
<@!263534352422404096> But that's the issue, I don't feel like I ever learn. It's not that I don't try, it always just slips my mind in the moment.
Is it possible for us to achieve a world that could be considered "good" if the dominant strategy for success is to be selfish?
Logically, good morals should be rewarded and bad morals punished, but it always seems to be the opposite.
Why is it advantageous to be an asshole?
But why does greed always win in the end?
Why is it that almost every good thing in history was eventually ruined by greedy old men?
Incompetent Nobles as a whole, actually?
Doesn't Poland have a history of incompetent Kings?
...but far too late.
I always thought it was the other way around with the whole catholicism vs orthodox thing.
Well, thanks for the history lesson. Very intersting.
Proper bruh moment.
Like, did Sigismund send a response to let them know they would eventually be coming?
Did they just assume that he had ignored their terms?
Man that's a really intersting alternate timeline though.
I think in that timeline, we'd be hearing about "The War of the Russian Succession" like we do with the War of the Austrian Succession and Spanish Succesion.
Not sure if would would've lasted in that case then, simply because I think a lot of the catholic places, specifically the HRE, would proceed to attack or something like that. I'm not exactly an expert in geopolitics though.
Ah, I see...
Is geopolitics like that the main focus of this fanfic you're writing?
Is that stated in the actual anime somewhere?
> Which, because of the Illuminatis just-before-AXZ shenanigans, is under de-facto Russian occupation. *Again*.
That time Poland almost subjugated Russia, but the king at the time wanted them to convert to Catholicism iirc and that was a no go for the Tsar.
Oh yeah.
<@!445783190976856065> Also where did you find that out?
Yeah definitely.
It's only natural given it's geographical and geopolitical position throughout most of history. Really sucks, doesn't it?
<@183785454447886346> they don't like it when I try to be what *I* want to be and not what *they* want me to be.
tfw your mom only loves you at all because she wants to live through you.
Mhm...
It can always get worse.
I'm not giving in.
Only encouraged.
I'm in texas btw, I don't think we have mandatory social distancing
They don't seem to care about people wearing masks.
There's police at the entrance of the beach. They only searched our bags for glass bottles.
I just wanna go home.
Mom pressured me into going to the beach and is now trying to pressure me into taking off my mask.
Sort of a trend, isn't it? The majority always tries to label groups of people that aren't the same as them  "mentally ill."
reminder that autism is a natural variation of the human mind and the only reason we struggle so much is because pretty much everything in society has been built to accomadate neurotypicals and everything else was just an afterthought.
I have my location set to mars 👀
Both, iirc.
I'm bad at explaining literally anything, someone help me get this through his stupid fucking head.
"Friend" of mine said he genuinely didn't understand how "tr*p" is a transphobic term...
I don't get why I try so hard to act "normal" when I know I'm just not, cause autism and stuff...
Tf is tekken
Unfortunately Kerrik, most people seem to have the opposite issue.
Why can't people just be nice?
Heckin...
It should be.
I fucking hate it when people are like "AT THIS RATE THE ENTIRE ENGLISH DISCTIONARY WILL BE BANNED-" shut the fuck up we took away your slur it's not the end of the world.
I've been trying to get into streaming myself. Issue is I feel like I'm too reclusive and not outgoing enough. I just gotta keep trying ig.
Btw can you dm me with where I can find your streams?
Fair enough.
I mean, isn't the main issue with it getting a career started in the first place? It's insane how persistent you need to be to get a good amount of recognition.
Yeah I didn't think that one through
Couldn't you just copystrike them? It's your character.
Or just move it to <#407060923078017026>
I mean looking at hololive's "idols," ...probably not very strict. And yeah I don't think it is.
I always forget is ofc means just of course, or of fucking course.
Ofc.
Well yeah.
Either way, I hope it goes well for you!
I wanna do vtuber stuff do but that means I would either have to make an avatar myself, which requires talent, or comission one off of fiver or something, which costs money.
Sorry lol.
Oh.
You're trying to get into streaming? Do you have an actual vtuber avatar or anything?
I would imagine.
it's cause she thinks I would focus better in an in-person enviorment...despite me historically being easily overwhelmed in areas with many people.
It's like parents only have children so they can push someone around.
I'm 16.
"oh you were on your phone yesterday!" There wasn't anything going on.
"You had headphones on!" *they were plugged into the computer.*
She has the highest god damn expectations for me, but at the same time doesn't fucking trust me.
I don't understand.
and didn't even tell me about it.
Also she apparently put a camera in there, tracking me.
I just hate how parents think they're above criticism.
She literally doesn't listen unless you raise your voice. She constantly talks over people.
I did. She continued accusing me.
Second of all I haven't done a single fucking thing wrong so far.
first of all you aren't some sort of fucking god, I can argue with you.
And then she fucking threatens to send me to face-to-face classes if I "continue fighting her on this"
So my mom just accused me of skipping online classes because I wasn't at the desk...because they dismissed us early...because my algebra teacher doesn't fucking waste our time with things that could be done in 5 minutes.
GENERAL STRIKE IS TRENDING IN THE US LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO

Rip
What happened?
I was gonna get a job at pizza hut...
huh
that's something a chalk would say.
Sadly
<@!354236264595324928> Greedy asshole took charge and ruined everything, just like so many other things in history
Being good at opression isn't a good thing
Well of course.
damn it all if that ain't relatable, Irina.
Getting easily annoyed or pissed off over small things.
I've been feeling strangely irritable lately.
Or at least that's a fancy way to say it...I like it though...has a nice ring to it...
It's sort of a pseudo-freedom I would say.
I'm just worried that the capitalist culture of America would screw it up, people using their freedom to take away others people freedom...which is sort of already happening? Please take everything I say with a grain of salt, I'm not particularly a political scientist.
But I agree with you for the most part. My only issue is what about more "toxic" communities?
Struggling to put my thoughts into words here.
Government for the people, by the people, right?
And things always go wrong.
I think that a strong government could be good if said government isn't corrupt. Unfortunately people have been looking for ways to find loopholes in systems since the very invention of basic government so that's never going to happen.
Yeah that was the idea
https://nypost.com/2020/08/22/asteroid-heading-our-way-day-before-presidential-election/

apparently NASA predicts it only has about a 0.43% chance to smack us.
btw have y'all heard of that meteor thing?
Even though they sure as hell are pretty good at delaying it.
Capitalism will probably fall apart eventually.
I think anarchy would require a radical societal shift away from extreme individuality and towards a focus on community.
No matter what, someone will find a way to exploit the state and bend it to their own selfish will.
We'll get there eventually
I wanna believe that anarchism would be great, but it sort of depends on people NOT being assholes.
Do y'all know what the overton window is like in japan?
Didn't H*tler also take inspiration from America's jim crow laws or something like that?
Alright. Sorry
What's the difference, in your eyes?
They're basically cousins though.
can schools stop ignoring how Manifest destiny was blatantly fascist?
Like, I always just say, "thank you, I appreciate it," and I'm always worried that it comes off as really flat and meaningless as if I don't care., like a pointless pleasantry with nothing behind it.
I'm pretty useless aren't I? Everytime I try to comfort a friend or show them appreciation I feel like I'm just making them feel uncomfortable.
Just please try and not jump that quickly to rather harsh conclusions, alright?
And then you ask if I support pedos, when I made sure that the murder wasn't being glorified when the murderer didn't know nor care.
How the hell do you get that out of it?
What
I doubt he was aware or even cared if they were pedos.
Oh
Were they killed by the state trooper gu
yeah that's bad.
Never played league. I refuse to.
Same. War Thunder still occasionally pisses me off.
Way things are goin'? Can't say I would mind some revolution. Thing I'm most scared about is that things would get a hell of a lot worse if we lose.
Like I would prefer if it could be done peacefully but...
Expected more revolutionary.

Oh wow I was thinking of doing politiscales again
The State <:MikuDelete:661660028410920990>
state?
Politics...hell of a drug, I say.
Because it would.
unless they show us themselves
Way too broad.
"Well that kinda depends..."
A lot of the questions are just like
Pretty center
By tankies I'm referring to authoritarian communists like Stalin or Mao.
Tankies ruin everything.
Well...Poland hasn't had the best experience with the idea of communism cause of the tankies.
The council will decide your fate.
everything just feels like I'm pretending.
why continue wasting people's time and effort?
I always push aside or waste help given to me
Fucking ironic isn't it? Even me saying that everything I do feels ingenuine l, feels ingenuine itself.
I'm typing like this is some fucking drama show or something. Guess that proves my point.
God just fucking listen to me.
Like everything I say and do is fake.
everything I do feels ingenuine
Who would openly admit that they're just a lazy person who tricks themselves into thinking they care. I want to care, I really really do, I don't want to be a heartless fucking asshole but that's exactly what I am. A heartless asshole who tries to be good because I don't want others to hate me.
I just don't want to admit it, who would?
i tell myself I don't know why but I know exactly why
that's just the thing: i always waste that help. i never improve, ever. I know what I should do, I want to do it, but I never do.
why am I even typing here I am perpetuating one of the things that makes me awful I fucking suck up attention thst needs to be used on people who need it more.
no I'm bad, it's just that no good person would respond to someone beating themselves up by agreeing with them about it.
i am awful that is all
I think so.
Which I guess is true sometimes...
She always tells me I complain too much and that I'm a brat.
Doesn't help that my sister reinforces that idea constantly.
Because it feels like I'm being selfish or bratty for complaining so much.
Like just typing this is giving me a bunch of anxiety cause my brain is telling me "lol no you're just an attention seeker you stupsudbfhhfhd."
Like, right now I'm in that weird mood where my mind makes me feel overwhelming guilty for literally everything.
How do I help myself get out of a bad headspace?
"they jumped him!!! It was self defense!" He literally walked into that protest, gun ready, waiting for someone to give him an excuse to shoot them, and he found that excuse.
I don't get how people can justify it at all.
The one that claimed he was "protecting his buisness"
I don't know his name.
so in another server (none of the same people who are in here,) I just saw a person I consider a pretty good friend post memes glorifying that one murderer that the alt-right's fallen in love with
Good morning.
Today's been shit, maybe tomorrow will be slightly less shit, or it could be more shit than today was. Maybe it won't be shit at all. I don't know, and it'd probably be easier if I just didn't care.
Worst time in the 21st century.
Absolutely.
Something we have to live with, as much as it sucks.
There's some similarities, but there's only so much you can represent with a bajillion 1s and 0s
I personally struggle a lot with it.
That's another thing, most people have a breaking point where it becomes far too difficult due to overwhelming emotions.
Some people can, others have a lot more trouble with it. It's a variable thing.
I am going go be leaving this server for reasons that I unfortunately cannot, or rather will not, publicly discuss. If anyone here wishes to keep in contact with me, please shoot a friend request. I am sorry for bothering you all with this, but I'd rather not leave without saying anything and end up being seperated from even more of my friends.
Anything for a pal, Matt.
<:Zababies:672238628398956594>
Always remember all the good you've done when you feel down.
You're a good friend, Matt.
Of course there's always going to be these sorts of moments, but there's always going to be good moments too.
There's always hope.
That's not true.
Does that help at all?
Absolutely. My solution for that is to find something to distract you immediately rather than soak up the negativity like a sponge.
But after a recent event that I'd rather not talk about, my anxiety surrounding how others interpret my words has been somewhat amplified.
Maybe I shouldn't be so concerned about these things...
Sorry, that last bit sounded like a dismissal didn't it?
I understand. If you ever need to talk about something, we're here for ya. I'm maybe not the most qualified person to help, but I'll offer whatever help I can, and I'm sure there will always be people more experienced with it to help out. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day :)
Anything I can do to help?
Anything else bothering you?
Sorry for the sudden pity party there, moving on...
I'm not being helpful am I?
We should be flexible about it.
It's best that we stay diligent, or vigilant whatever the word is, and don't set our expectations too high nor too low.
Seems like it.
Yeah I'm sorry for the confusion.
I thought you said "i won't be around here much longer"
I misread
Oh
Oh.
Also, are you moving out of the country lectric?
I suppose I stand corrected.
Fair enough.
Besides, nihilism's never helped anything has it?
Whatever happens, I'm sure we all can get through it. We got eachother, right?
nay-vay-duh
Absolutely. We should all do all that we can to support her.
oh well guess I'm purple now
I was usually purple back then
that's super pretty
fuck the two-party system
Well I guess that happens when you're the only two (relevant) parties...
I don't get how two parties that are so close together on the political compass can be so divided...
It really says a lot that the dems would rather appeal to the *other fucking party* than the progressive wing of their own.
Either way their not healthy at all lol
Not sure why it would make you fat.
The DSA seems pretty promising though. They've got a ton of new members since the election started, mostly left-leaning democrats who were sick of being neglected by the mainstream dems.
Looks like the reform party is pretty much dead though
Wish we could get something like that in modern times
Wait Ross Perot was from Texas. Yee haw moment
He won 18.9% of the popular vote????
Woah
What's the story behind Nader btw?
That's another one of the big issues, these third parties aren't given a platform at all so most people don't know they exist. That's why I would prefer publicly funded elections, not only would it help third parties but it would also diminish the role of big corporations since a party wouldn't be able to get more votes simply because they could afford more advertising.
I say, having to click resend about 5 times
Also discord seems to be a bit less fucky right now
I mean they would have an easier time getting on that debate stage if we didn't have the awful First Past the Post voting system. Maine had Ranked Choice Voting for the presidential election and quite frankly I think all states should have that. Most people don't vote for third parties because they don't want to waste their vote, but if we had RCV then they wouldn't have to worry about that.
^^^
He pulled out in a very sloppily manner that just caused more troubles.
Trump has repeatedly promoted violence, I remember when he praised a bunch of his supporters who were trying to block Biden's campaign bus with their cars, one of the veichles in Biden's convoy was pretty heavily damaged.
Democratic Socialist here.
oh god ted cruz is on there
i am immediately concerned that it's been flooded with people who were banned from other sites.

Mhm. My only problem with it is that I don't really trust our current government with it at all.
Yeah you wouldn't hear complaints from me.
My favorite part about politicians whining about being censored on twitter is that it implies that they want corporations to uphold the bill of rights, but at the same time they think that telling corporations to do anything is sOciAliSm.
democrats are not leftists. The mainstream democrat party is center/center-right.
It's literally just right-wingers as far as I can see. Everything opposing trump is getting downvoted into oblivion.
what about the fact that it's been confirmed that republicans have also committed fraud?
They both suck.
It shouldn't be a competition
Or just chinese companies
Is it the chinese government itself...
Here's the thing
Evidence?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhMAt3BluAU
Let me get a really good video real quick...
Oh dear...you do realize that all of this has actually been amazing for China?
Unfortunately I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon, as much as I would love for it to happen sooner.
Maybe they'd argue "they'll just vote for higher wages and we'll go bankrupt!" because I guess the higher ups just think everyone else is dumb.
Yeah I guess that's it...
On a different note, I don't get why workplace democracy is such a commonly ignored idea. Doesn't it just make sense that the people working at a company ought to be guaranteed a say in how it operates?
Is it common for people to sort of "bait" like that?
I see...well, thanks for looking out.
Hm
No idea who they actually are, I just unfollowed.
I just randomly saw them follow me and my monkey brain immediately followed back.
sorry twas eating pretzels and also got a call from my sister.
<@!84811738653929472> <:ChrisHibikiHug:630262562361049121>
You are not a net-negative, in fact you're a pretty big positive. You've absolutely put smiles on a lot of people's faces.
You bring happiness to other people, Matt. Whether you know it or not.
What i'm trying to say here is.
But
Though you shouldn't necessarily hate yourself for thinking it of course.
But it's not healthy at all to think that.
When I'm in a really depressive mood yeah.
He's currently doing a series on the history of Turkey.
I highly recommend checking out his other videos, they're all great.
<:ZweiHug:672455346949980170>
Who?
What can we do to stop them?
what the fuck.
I had an argument with my libertarian friend the other day who argued that it's perfectly reasonable that workers are treated as disposable assets to be immediately replaced at will.
yeah
anything to force the two parties to actually get shit done instead of deadlocking each other at every god damn turn. I don't even like the Libertarians that much but I'm just desperate.
god I'd give anything for just two and a quarter big parties.
I gotcha.
Does australia suffer from a case of two-party-system-idus?
Ah.
What's the current "ruling party" in australia?
That's crazy
didn't y'all also once have a prime minister that just straight up dissapeared?
the more I learn about australia the more I learn that it's just a massive memeland
lmao I love how the camera slowly pans between them.
well, I learned something today.
SEX PARTY???????
THE ***WHAT***
EXCUSE ME
They named a lot more things.
true.
It's just that I can't understand the other languages at all, so I don't know if they're bad or good.
I mean yeah it's probably not exclusive to euros and americans.
Europeans (and Americans too,) are horrible at naming things, historically speaking.
...I think there was a swedish east indian company actually...
Pretty sure there's several more east indian companies
I forgot that objective truth and individual thought is pretty much dead.
ah right.
it's almost as if when proposed between two choices, the well-being of the people and more ***MONEYYYYY***, corporations will *always* choose the money.
if it operated like a government we might have some democracy.
<@!207452640886521859> yes plz.
American economics are built around the free market just doing everything, and when the free market fucks up no one knows what to do.
"but...it already has.."
"it won't fail!!!!"
"what about when it fails."
"nah fam the free market will just do literally everything for us."
gerrymandering too why the fuck is that even allowed at all?
lobbying should be abolished, elections should be publicly funded.
Yeah, fair point Kidz
Hot take: fines aren't an effective means of regulating larger corporations, because they're so wealthy that they can just shrug it off.
workplace democracy plz
hot take: workers should have a say in the affairs of the corporation they work at.
why does every single mainstream political party ignore the working class? They're literally the most numerous population.
and they're still the most viable third party...end meeee
I mean the government is shit but the solution is to reform it and make it not shit, not just get rid of it.
(my mom and step-dad are conservative, my biological dad is actually pretty liberal.)
I'd love to go to DSA meetings but it'd be pretty hard to explain to my conservative parents.
I don't think it'll ever happen in America. The distance is too vast, and there's too many people.
What do you mean by "unless the millitary splits."?
If revolution is *truly* the only real option, then I guess I'll have to be okay with that. But there's so many ways it could go horribly wrong, so I would prefer to save it as an absolute last resort.
It's possible to replace the current system with another by democratic means though, right? Perhaps not the best example, but that's how we moved from the Articles of Confederation to the Constitution. Again, bad example as the circumstances are radically different.
But at the same time reform has proven time and time again to be ineffective.
I mean look at the october revolution in Russia, the Bolsheviks betrayed the other leftists almost immediately.
The idea of revolution worries me because it's quite easy for something just as bad to rise in it's place.
I mean I know the nordic countries are great but why iceland in specific?
why iceland?
Sometimes I wonder if it's possible to fix any of it?
god our world is such a mess
At least in governments the people typically have a say in how it operates.
on the topic of colonialism, did you know that latvia once had a colony in the americas?
True.
I wonder how different our world would be if colonialism just...didn't happen.
> What's wrong with gays in the country...?
The polish government is infamously anti-lgbtq+
???
putting this in here cause politics but holy shit whoever made this has way too much time on their hands.
kinda scary how the number one thing stopping them is that it wouldn't be beneficial from a buiness perspective.
how likely is that, anyways?
...well it's 2AM right now so that probably answers that...
Theorycrafting?
?
Probably an autism thing???
It just always feels like I have no energy.
And even then there's still the problem where I fail to meet even reasonable expectations, like doing homework or taking my time on a test.
That's the reasonable solution yeah but like, how do I rewire my brain to not feel like shit for it?
God I'm absolutely pathetic.
Like, I set super unrealistically expectations for myself but fail to meet even the practical expectations every time.
I hate that I have massive ambitions but no energy or determination to actually do stuff.
Well I also haven't been venting in here as much recently, specifically because of that thought.
Whenever I'm complaining about something here I'm always thinking that someone's reading it and just thinking "shut up you privileged moron."Also I feel like my general negativity ends up making other people feel worse.
Like, I'm literally always complaining about something, usually a very stupid and insignificant thing.
I wish I wasn't so inherently annoying. I feel like just the way I talk in general annoys people.
That is true, actually.
Why is our so industrial-esque? Like a factory or something. I dunno how to describe it.
Exactly, yeah.
The way I like to describe it is that "society" or whatever you would say tries to shove a square peg down a round hole.
And that's honestly where most of the issues come in, it's hard for autistic people such as myself to properly communicate with neurotypical people because of that difference in framework. Not to mention we're often forced to adopt neurotypical "formulas," because most of these systems were invented by neurotypical people.
I mean, autism is a very wide spectrum overall. I personally do still have assumptions, presumptions, and automatic conclusions, but I'm sure there's a part of the spectrum that commonly doesn't. The main thing about autism is that your brain just overall has a different thought process than "neurotypical" people, it's kinda like using a different formula for the same problem I wanna say.
I think it's more so that, with autism, pretty much everything takes way more energy to do. I don't know why.
That's a really interesting idea actually.
in that mood where, despite not actually getting much done, I feel mentally exhausted to the point where even playing video games feels like too much effort.
who/what is lush?
basically the most dark-web place that isn't actually on the dark-web.
mmmm.
despite how shitty reddit is at least they banned r/incels. Meanwhile 4chan lets people casually organize campaigns of harassment.
fucking /pol/
#startcisshaming trending on twitter <:TsubasaNeutral:688429723205894149>
"it won't!!!"
what if the free market fails?
"the free market will take care of it!!!"
we literally already spend a lot of money on public healthcare, it's just that our system is horribly managed and politicians would rather just make it entirely private instead of fixing it.

yeah I know
"but with universal healthcare our taxes will rise and the m oney we spend will basically be the same!!!!"
that sounds like they're just trying to kill poor people.
meanwhile France comes in from nowhere with all the anti-muslim stuff they passed recently.
they're having a competition for shittiest western nation.
they don't wanna be showed up by the US.
that same person also said that it's totally fine for workers to be treated as replacable resources.
"just make your own buisness."
one argument I've legitimately heard from someone was
why the hell don't we adjust our minimum wage for inflation???
"the minimum wage was just fine when I was your age!" yeah cause inflation is a thing.
I really hate the argument that's like, "we didn't get it when we were younger, so why should they?"
woah two "once in a lifetime" economic recessions in one lifetime what are the chances haha
but it already did.
Yeah I think you're right.
Man you got a disease for doing literally anything back then huh?
Absolutely, yes.
Well like I said, if they aren't the same god they can still probably co-exist, even if other religions claim there's only one god since of course they're going to say that.
I personally call myself a cosmopolitan. I think that most religions are ultimately talking about the same god, but have different stories to tell about them and worship them differently. And even if they aren't the same god, they probably co-exist with one another or something like that. Maybe it's a naive idea but I think it's neat.
Ah
We talking about religion?
The worst part is I know what my problems are, I know what I can do to solve them or at least make it not as bad, and I have people willing to help me. But I just don't. I don't know why.
I always tell myself I worry too much but occasionally something happens that reminds me that my worries might be 100% justified. Like, I'm always super worried I'm annoying to other people and that's because I have annoyed other people so many times in the past and I just don't learn. I literally can't not be annoying unless I just surpress myself and I absolutely hate it. I have everything I need to live a successful and happy life,  I've grown up in a decently well-off family most of my life, I have a family that loves me, and I have people who love me. But my sheer incompetence when it comes to communicating has fucked me over more than anything else.
<:ZweiHug:672455346949980170>
american politics is fuck.
Yeah I usually hear people argue about how rural areas would constantly get out voted in a proportional system.
RCV pog
I typically call myself a democratic socialist. Also first past the post is an abomination.
They should only be used as vague references.
I mean labels in general are ultimately kina dumb.
I remember I used to call myself a radical centrist. God I hate my old self.
Basically. No idea how to put it.
Objective truth is dead yee haw.
Monopolies of any kind are intolerable.
What does that mean again?
That's really the most we can do.
It likely still exists but to a lesser extent.
I've never been there so I wouldn't know.
I swear in my head I put tomato but...
why did I put potato.
But it also glorifies child abuse with the potato metaphor so...I guess it's not really trying to be coherent with it.
Yea definitely.
Other than that though I have no idea where symphogear stands politically, maybe that's for the best?
It's the most useful thing twitter has ever done.
Honestly
Mhm.
tankies make me sad.
Mhm. People are more likely to buy something from say germany or france as opposed to a country they didn't even know existed.
<:ChrisBang:702166093065748500>
capitalism.
zoooommmm
man I love foreign cultures so much.
Mhm.
U.S is also a boogeyman if you don't live there...actually even if you live there a lot of the time.
sadness
That's also possible.
Why does the west typically make worse cartoons?
I wonder what it is that makes the difference.
Most good cartoons we have also seem to go downhill too.
this too yeah ^^^
curiosity is a powerful force.
mhm.
Pretty much all we know about them is that the made symphogear and a few other things before it.
It's especially hard to mind read the writers when, afaik, we hardly know anything about about Kaneko and the other writers, and their thought processes during the writing.
the fuck.
Ah yeah fuck that.
What does Geisha mean?
well sometimes you don't have any other choice than to deal with them.
Geisha?
I'd rather be seen as annoying to a bad person than anything positive.
If you're annoying people for the right reasons, more power to you.
I'm fine right now
Usually barks or growls, but never physically violent
He's apparently not completely like this towards other people
albeit in the sink
Well yeah but he also literally shattered a plate over it.
He was freaking out at his daughter because she was freaking out, he literally screamed for her to get out.
well yes the problem is my step-dad wasn't freaking out at the dog
I'm convinced
my family is just cursed
By freaking out I mean like, really yelling at each other pretty loudly.
it's over something so god damn dumb too. My step-dad's daughter is over and she brought her dog with her. Said dog is very bad with strangers and bit my leg. This causes my step-dad's daughter to freak out which in turn causes my step-dad to freak out and everyone is just fucking yelling at each other and it's dumb.
thank you guys
i fucking hate it.
I've never had a year in my life where there isn't yelling in my house on christmas eve.
something always has to go wrong on christmas eve, no matter what.
Did anybody get hurt?
I'm just so unbelievably incompetent, I always end up giving people anxiety, weirding them out, or otherwise making them feel like shit.
i wish i wasn't so horrible at socializing.
Conflicting definitions and such.
Mhm, exactly.
Strange how labels can either be a huge help with understanding, or end up making a huge mess of things.
I'm glad we could discuss this together, mutual understanding is poggers.
Thank you.
Okay I think I get it now.
So just ignore the people with that in their profile?
indeed.
that's what I was thinking.
So in some people's twitter bios I've seen stuff like "no bi/pan lesbians," and as I am pretty uninformed of a lot of LGBTQIA+ things, it sort of confuses me? Could someone please explain?
And I seriously doubt things will suddenly get better immediatley after. We're gonna be dealing with the effects for this for years to come.
Yeah. The pandemic's just made everything worse.
That's good advice. Thank you
I feel like I'm always sort of on the edge of "nihilism," (not sure if I would call it that,) where I want things to get better and stuff but part of me thinks that there's no realistic way to make things better, and every small thing that does get better will be met with several other things getting worse. It just feels pointless putting in any effort for such ridiculously small gain. I'm probably just being stupid, ignore me if so.
weird how that turns out.
huh
*accidentally said welfare instead of tourism, not sure why
iirc a huge chunk of their economy is built on tourism and of course as we all know money matters more than human lives /s
That's the worst part, they'll probably all get away with it.
This is terrifying.
Mhm
The good cops usually quit, are fired, or are just complacent.
This is fucking terrifying
Yeah I don't agree with them obviously.
People in another server are defending this by saying "it's the people's god-given right to overthrow the government"
I'm fucking terrified rn.
"2021 won't be any worse than 2020" is what I told myself...
This is all fucking absurd.
A small price to pay.
They have their faults but the nordic model as a whole is great.
They are pretty good, mostly.
Mhm
Yeah but you should still learn the native language.
Not to mention if you know Norwegian you pretty much know Swedish, from what I've heard.
It's a realitively easy language.
I've been trying to learn Norwegian for awhile now
I hope that'll happen. Especially after this.
What the fuck are we supposed to do when the cops are on their side???
Question
Dang...
And I imagine there's a lot of competition in trying to get a job there.
Nvm then
Oh damn
Aren't the majority of the world's lakes in finland actually?
Don't doubt it
The roads?
Nice.
Sorry kerrik :(
Not sure about sweden though.
Honestly nordic geography is absolutely fascinating. You got the straits of denmark, the fjord of norway, and the billion fucking lakes in finland.
Plus the Norwegian fjords are beautiful.
Well
EVEN KNOW
I DIDN'T
DUXK
Fuck
QIAT
I hope it is fake.
https://www.tomorrowtides.com/discordtobeshutdownby20222.html
Dunno
Different in a good way?
Different? Definitely
I heard something about a fridge full of molotovs as well
Let us never speak of this again
IT SOUNDED SO PLAUSIBLE.
i am so fucking dumb
This is embarassing.
Before I send it
This has taugbt me to actually click on shit
We're here for you.
I've never heard of that one
nice.
But yeah I think all the other ones failed.
well the first one was a success iirc but it didn't last too long
Even then it sucks to barely have anyone there irl.
My sister is even worse in that regard. The only people in my family I feel I can actually talk to is my oldest sister (who has moved out,) and my dad (who is divorced from my mom.)
Cause it's supposed to help with hyperactivity and impulsivity iirc, but in doing so it sort of just...represses your feelings as a whole? Idk I'm not a medical expert, I just take the stuff.
and often times cause problems of their own. Abilify and other medications like it often make me feel really empty and emotionally blunted.
They make it easier, but they don't anhilate the problem
Mydayis and Abilify (however you spell that last one.)
Yes
This whole situation could be so simple.
In the end that's pretty much what all my struggles boil down to, me being a moron.
Too late now. God I'm a fucking idiot.
I mean I just tried. I'm in between classes rn.
Sorry thst was worded kinda rudely
You don't know my mom. She has a way of talking that makes everything she says sound super dramatic and stressful.
She does work downstairs. I could try but I'm kinda scared to.
"Would you be allowed to do that in-person?" Etc.
My mom's downstairs and everytime I go down there to do that and tell her she makes me feel like shit for it.
Virtual
Can't. Class.
Admittedly I haven't eaten breakfast today. It's just so easy to forget about it.
I've been trying to.
Thank you for that. It means a lot.
I don't work very well under pressure. I just sort of shut down.
That's the thing. It feels like anything I do is a waste, but not doing anything makes me feel like crap too.
But it feels physically painful to even try to start doing something
I just wish I knew why I'm always so exhausted and what I can do about it.
It's gotten to the point where even playing games feels like a chore. And school has been hell because of it.
I never really have the energy to do anything. Even the smallest things feel like they exhaust me mentally.
Lol
Thank you. It means a lot
Honestly it's amazing how this place has single handedly changed me as a person.
Yeah but it also hurts knowing how many people hate me or think I'm a creep. Because when I first joined this server I was a majkr asshole
Intrusive thoughts of shitty things I've done in the past I would punch myself for AAAAAAAAAAAAA
And during
Before and after
Why do I always have this intense feeling of anxiety after actually being open and social?
I gotcha
A

This is their description
I don't get why we don't directly vote on more things.
At that rate isn't it just a symbolic message?
What does it even mean to be impeached if you're not convicted?
He IS the first U.S preaident to get impeached twice iirc.
To sell more beds yes
Sleep is propaganda.
Nice.
Which is like 11 AM cst right?
Nice.
So what time today does it happen?
It sucks.
Bernie
We have ted cruz
Seriously some of the worst politicians come from my state whyyyy.
Texas would go like, a month. Before we collapse because of our inept politicians
Democrat.
Mhm
Yea
Thiccxas
I might be biased but texas is probably the only kne that would do decent. Not that I want to be independent.
But you gotta take into account logistics and stuff. Texas is the only state with its own power grid iirc.
Depends on the state.
Would probably be forcefully surpressed.
But then what will my favorite Mexican resreraunt, On the Border be called? (Joking. Not even my favorite mexican restaurant lol.)
Oh
I don't think either side even wants that.
I don't think that would go well for either side.
What
Yea that's what I'm most happy for.
But yea I'm glad it's over.
Time to bully him into actually doing things.
Alrighty. I thought that left/right could be used for either social or econimic but I guess not.
Then what do you use to refer to the social axis?
Social and economic axis are different, yea.
I don't blame you lol.
Labels are confusing sometimes
Reactionaries get their name from the people who "reacted" to the rise of liberal reforms in the...1800s? Early 1900s?
But I guess I'll just say progressive/reactionary from now on.
But yea I previously just used progressive/reactionary and socially left/right interchangeabley
I'm a demsoc personally albeit recent events have got me leaning less liberally.
True.
well anarchy isn't exclusive to the left, but somewhat more common there.
Thank you for explaining
Ah. I understand
Hopefully
Sometimes I just really hate myself because I look around at my overall pretty decent life and remind myself that I've done nothing to really deserve it, I was just sort of born into it. Meanwhile people who have had to struggle so much more than me live in such worse enviorments. I just feel like a privileged asshole.
I always feel so emotionally blunted and empty and I hate it so much.
Hope so too.
nitro users
Thank you.
that's probably a good idea.
Yeah. It hurts alot
I see
That's definitely happened to me a lot. What do I do in that situation?
I see
so i just need to communicate better basically.
I feel like most people just want to tell me to fuck off, but don't have the heart to say it.
i usually do that. But they're always too nice to tell me no.
i'm probably being dumb I'm sorry
I'm just terrified of trying to look for that one, because what if they aren't, and I ruin my friendship with them by burdening them and exhausting them?
So many people have abandoned me, given up on me, or forgotten about me, it has to be something I'm doing wrong.
And because of that, so many people in the past have given up on me.
It's just. I feel like I'm exhausting to deal with.
it is when there's nothing that can really be done to help.
i think I want some help. But at the same time I don't want to waste everyone's time.
i don't know. I just feel like what I'm saying is stupid or somehow wrong.
i'm sorry
i'm terrified of venting to people now, because it always starts this cycle where they try to help, get exhausted by just how hard it is to help me with my problems, and then they give up on me, so it's sort of gotten to a point where I just don't want to talk about my feelings at all, but at the same time I want and need help. I just don't know what to do anymore. It's probably dramatic and dumb idk I'm sorry.
i guess my little 2 cents I put in didn't help at all. sorry about that.
i hope your step-dad has numerous painful things happen to him
it's dumb.
when has america ever faced consequences for any of the horrible things it's done?
good!
sorry for the ping
hm?
My mom's apparently been trying to find me a therapist but hasn't been successful so far. Not to mention our family's pretty tight on money anyways, as my step-dad left us rather recently.
so what do I do?
I think you're right, yeah.
this is what I'm concerned about.
But it feels like people are reluctant to go to me for help, because they're afraid of burdening me.
I want to be a more reliable person, someone that you can fairly consistently go to for help with stuff. Right now I feel like I'm very unreliable and usually the one that needs help the most.
I have no clue.
I feel like the person I want to be and the person I am are very drastically different.
Absolutely, sometimes it's great to just take a step back and just do nothing at all. Otherwise you might overwhelm yourself, or end up overthinking stuff. Of course you have to do something eventually, but it's good to take a break :)
thank you.
what's alexithymia?
I'm really not in touch with my emotions at all, it's very hard for me to understand a lot of it.
I think a personal attack is anything that like...insults who I am as a person, like, an attack on my personality and other things that are an inherent part of me. If any of that makes sense. 

I don't know why they're so strong on me, especially considering I do it to myself all the time. Or maybe that makes it worse? I don't know.
Sort of. I can't really take personal attacks at all, I'm very fragile when it comes to that. But otherwise I think I'm at least average.
that's amazing!
It feels like everything I do is the wrong thing. I never feel confident in my decisions.
Thanks for explaining!!!
I think I understand, yeah
I would assume so
Wouldn't printing more money increase inflation as well? I'm not an economist lol
just sell its phone lmao.
Thank you. It really does help.
I wish I could convince myself of that. It's really really hard. I cringe at myself whenever I try to say anything nice to myself, it's really dumb and I hate it.
It's like my brain just doesn't believe it's genuine? Not trying to say it isn't but like. It feel that way, even though I know y'alls kindness probably isn't just pity.
Why is it that most of the time I don't really feel anything when someone is nice to me. Sometimes it'll even make me feel uncomfortable and awkward.
:)
I'll try that. Thank you <:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
Sorry
I don't really understand any of my feelings very well.
I don't know, really. Overthinking maybe? Poor self-esteem?
that's what I did when I ran into the same situation.
<:ChrisHibikiHug:630262562361049121>
Thank you, ein. That helps a lot :)
Aye, I understand. Thank you.
I just wish self-compassion wasn't so hard for me. It's impossible for me to say anything good about myself with confidence. Guess it's just something I need to grow over time.
Thank you, a lot :)
I see.
True. If good people like me, then I guess that must mean I'm also a good person? I think that's how that works at least. Thank you.
Yeah. I mean, there's nothing wrong with being nice to everyone of course, it's just that I can't shake the feeling that there's nothing really special about me. It's hard to put this in a way that doesn't sound like a massive pity party, but I genuinely just can't understand what anyone would see in me, so I always reach the conclusion that they don't actually see anything in me at all. That probably sounds stupid somehow. Sorry
No. Sorry
It often feels like people are only nice to me either because they're just nice to everyone, or because they pity me.
Why do I have to live in this hell state.
I'm probably just worrying too much. Sorry. And thank you. It really does mean a lot.
I probably should've already had a job by now like both my sisters did.
I feel like I should've figured it out by now though.
I'm absolutely terrified of my future. I don't think I have any of what it takes to survive. I'll probably end up at a dead-end job, assuming I could even land a job at all. This is all probably just nonsense fears that I shouldn't be giving attention, but nonetheless I'm just so afraid.
Gotcha.
Thank you. I worry about that a lot when I just say "thank you!" Over and over again
Do I sound dismissive rn? I'm kinda worried I do.
That's a really good idea, I'll try that!!!!
That sounds like a good idea!
Thank you. This helps a lot :)
Right. I need to learn to not be so afraid of making mistakes. That's just pretty hard to do.
Thanks for the advice btw!!!!
It also doesn't help that when I try to ignore it, it feels like I'm refusing to accept responsibility.
I've been trying to get therapy but not many places take my family's insurance, and we can't really afford to get better insurance.
How do I learn to not worry so much?
Like, I just posted something in the wrong channel in another discord server by accident, someone very kindly corrected me and I fixed it, and I still feel horrible.
Why do I get such horrible anxiety from making the smallest mistakes.
And it takes a bunch of energy and is horrible for the enviorment.
Yeah unfortunately true.
when will NFTs just die
This makes me feel somewhat better after the shit I saw earlier today.
Well there's some good news for once.
That sounds neat
"I would love this on a t-shirt."
God damn it that's my favorite movie <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
probably for the best.
I never know anything about them tbh.
wtf
honestly this server was probably 90% responsible for me getting out of my anti-sjw phase.
Dunno what else you would expect from a civil war discord.
MENA?
Invest in kiricoin
surprisingly it's not banned in my county, at least not in my school district. I say it's surprising because I live in one of the most conservative counties in all of texas.
I'm glad you're okay.
i hate my state.
Yup, sounds like Texas alright.
I don't think they could take a chunk out of a nato member without pissing them off.
Didn't Poland do a massive military build up recently, cause they got their asses kicked in a theoritical war game?
if you can bear the combined stupidity of them without wanting to explode, that is.
ah, thanks.
is RT state-affiliated?
I dunno I just don't think I have the mental fortitude to keep up with the happenings in the world. It would just make me feel like shit constantly.
to be completely honest I don't keep up with news that strongly. Most of my information is just stuff I happen upon on twitter which is...not a good news source.
I probably couldn't find that specific article if you asked me.
Take that with a grain of salt though.
iirc they've posted some pro-war stuff before.
Even jacobin is pretty...meh sometimes
ah.
what are RT simps and Dore-knobs
If Russia had as much influence as the US does, they'd *probably* do worse, but they don't.
yeah I saw. Still really scary that this is what our governor thinks, and that if he could get away with it, he would.
the gap between the two hasn't exactly been getting any bigger tbh.
gotcha.
sorry for misunderstanding
I thought you were saying that it *was* possible to enforce.
how so?
I don't think it'd be possible to enforce.
does this actually carry legal weight or are they just saying stuff?
this is literally the closest they can get to genocide without just straight up putting trans people in front of firing lines.
they might have to chose between me and their job.
i'm literally out as trans to most of my teachers. I like to think none of them would want to report me but like.
someone please tell me this is fake.
i'm fucking terrified now.
https://twitter.com/ErinInTheMorn/status/1496511215719399431
war be like that.
Either way, this would actually probably lead to fascists become more prominent in ukraine, just like what happened after the 2014 stuff.
"denazification" oh fuck off putin.
https://twitter.com/olliecarroll/status/1496678911962501124
i'm not an expert tho.
I don't think there's any scenario where Ukraine "wins," just different degrees of losing. Either they'll get stomped on or give russia a bloody nose (and then get stomped on.)
at the very least they'll *probably* provide some form of support.
I wonder if NATO will declare war in retaliation. Probably not???
boy oh boy I sure do love living through several "once-in-a-lifetime," historical events!
But it's still very scary.
I doubt Putin would be able to get away with total annexation.
Has Putin always been this dumb?
Thinking any army in the modern age will have good moral is dumb. Everyone pretty much universally hates war nowadays (for good reasons.)
Cause they're stuck in the past, from what I can tell.
I don't know.
I think S.A.D mainly triggers when the weather "transitions"
I dunno. Whatever weather makes me not feel depressed.
Not sure tbh
A bit overcast i think
Pretty cold.
Or so I'm told.
If it wasn't for my mother's savings, we'd be about 200$ away from risking losing the house.
I'm not officially diagnosed with clinical depression, and I kinda can't get a diagnosis since my family doesn't have the money.
Recently depression has been kicking my butt even more than usual. Probably due to something called "seasonal affective disorder" which from my understanding is like...when the weather is shit, I feel shit.
Ty!
Aye aye.
I thought so too but I thought I remembered it being stated otherwise, hence why I'm asking.
Venting in this channel isn't allowed, correct?
get me the hell out of here.
in addition: https://twitter.com/ErinInTheMorn/status/1498728240285949961
Ah, neat.
Who is that?
I thought it was 2014?
"Those who live by the sword will die by the sword." - some dead guy idk I just remember it from civ 4.
Ah, true. Thank you for clarifying
Just a meaningless gesture, really.
And yeah the EA situation is stupid.
I definitely do support some form of sanctions. I just think we should advise caution with it. Because couldn't it also make it harder for those in opposition to the war to protest, theoretically?
It's just that I don't think it's fair for them to suffer the consequences for the actions of a government that they have no say in, and in fact that government  actively surpresses those who try to do anything about it.
I can't say I agree with the idea of punishing the common people of Russia instead of aiming for the oligarchs and elites responsible for the war. Especially with the significant amount of Russians who are against the war. *maybe* if their nation was actually democratic, I could understand holding the common people somewhat responsible. But, well, Russia is clearly not democratic.

Please do correct me if this take is dumb.
ty! That eases my worries just a bit.
Ukraine did indeed exist for a bit before then iirc.
i'm ngl I thought that was a weird simpsons statue at first.
What's PMC?
boofschev lmao.
Interesting!
Epic.
I cannot see the sticker.
oh
What does immolated mean again?
God I wish Stalin just never existed.
I imagine if he was able to do that it'd cause quite a mess that would last until today.
Didn't stalin also resume the state-subsidized vodka factories that kept everyone drunk, too?
Yeah ofc.
ah, neat.
where are you from, Lank?
First Past the Post?
ah.
...so are there any non-authoritarian parties in Poland?
I always assumed it was just skewed the right, just like in America.
anyways who wants to help me start the Symphogear Party
eh, fair enough ig.
~~also does this still belong in serious discussion?~~
Even Norway had a "Beer Unity Party"
Beer parties seem to be pretty common lol.
There's a whole wiki page for "frivolous political parties"
it's on the wiki page.
that's hillarious.
```In the 1991 parliamentary elections the PPPP won 16 seats in the Sejm capturing 2.97% of the vote.[4] The party soon split into Large Beer and Small Beer factions, despite Rewiński's claims that "beer is neither light nor dark, it is tasty". Eventually the PPPP was dissolved, in 1993.[3]```
yeah actually I didn't think about that. Easier said than done. Sorry.
Honestly I always thought it was kinda stupid that people thought the solution to biased newspapers was to introduce a fact checking website which is also susceptible to bias instead of just factchecking yourself.
oh? who did they get bought off by?
I wouldn't trust them for everything.
that's true but also snopes is kinda...meh sometimes.
It's as if my brain just twists every little thought I have in order to maximize my own misery.
Sometimes it barely feels worth it to keep trying. I don't really have a choice, though.
Even when I'm happy I have to constantly fight with myself to make sure I don't immediately fall back down.
I just hate feeling lonely and tired so much of the time and not being able to do anything about it.
Ty.
I'm 99% sure I have clinical depression but I can't do a thing about it because my family doesn't have the money to get a diagnosis, much less actual help like medication or therapy.
What's konfederacja?
We used to hang out and play games a bit until one day we just stopped talking. I wish we kept talking.
I wish I was a better friend to her.
Same here
oh thank god.
I think so too :>
As do you!
Ty all. I appreciate it a lot :>
<:ChrisHibikiHug:630262562361049121>
Thank you :> I hope the same for you.
I just wish I wasn't so afraid of everything lol.
That makes sense. Thank you.
I'm just scared that I'll end up hurting too many people before I learn how to do it right.
I don't think I'm a good friend to anyone, honestly.
I feel like everything would be better if I just never talked. I always just end up making things worse because I never know the right things to say.
or maybe I'm being pessimistic.
the unfortunate truth is that in the next election for his position the republicans will try and replace him with someone who doesn't have a conscience.
I used a browser extension that disables the trending tab before I deactivated my account.
Isn't that still more than anyone else holds?
I fucking hate my home state so much.
I'm genuinely frustrated with how empty headed I am. Like, it's genuinely difficult for me to form a coherent thought a lot of the time.
I almost always append whatever I'm saying with something like "but I might be wrong," "if that makes any sense," or "but I'm not sure" if I have even the slightest suspicion that I said something confusing.
For example, I'll often just shut down and stop talking if I'm feeling overwhelmed, which usually gets misinterpreted as me ignoring them.
I'm pretty bad at both. It's hard for me to put my thoughts into words quickly enough and most of my ways of expressing myself get misunderstood cause autism.
As in, your feelings or thoughts.
And expression is generally like, *you* stuff.
Well, all expression is communication, but not all communication is expression, I think.
I hate having poor communication skills. All of the friendships I cherish the most end up deteriorating because I don't know how to properly communicate or express myself thanks to my ADHD and Autism.
I think my ADHD has gotten worse tbh. It's hard for me to form a coherent though because my attention span is literally 0
Nowadays it's like...it's hard for me to think at all
I would pace around for hours just thinking to myself.
When I was younger I would always have *something* on my mind.
It's just like. I can't think of anything at all sometimes. It's just white noise
thank you :>
do I sound like i'm being dismissive right now? I'm not trying to.
That sounds like a decent idea.
I'll look into it. Thank you.
Like my old special ed class.
I'm a bit hesitant to do that as I imagine most aren't ADHD and Autism friendly.
Hm.
I'll try that, thank you!
Yeah but I do it so often because I never know if what I'm saying makes sense.
It just sucks that there's nothing I can do about it.
I guess I should just accept people grow apart sometimes.
Maybe they've just been busy, but at the same time they seem to be able to make time for other people and it's just...I dunno.
I just miss how close we used to be, because I really never had a relationship with anyone like that in a long time.
We'll still talk occasionally but like. The conversations are much more dull and cold than they used to be.
How do you go about getting over someone who used to care about you a lot but then suddenly stopped talking to you? It's like, I have a friend who means the world to me and they used to care about me a lot but awhile ago they've just sort of seemingly forgotten about me.
He'll probably turn twitter into another 4chan
True...
I guess I just don't want to accept that I've lost them.
I'm hoping that if I just give them time alone they'll come back on their own eventually. But idk.
I see.
Wdym by grieving?
Nothing really came of it.
Yea.
That's not even true most of the time
People boast about how our healthcare is high quality, but that doesn't matter when the majority of the population can't afford it.
Everything in this country is engineered to be great for those who have money, terrible for everyone else.
And provided you have money.
There was a huge scandal awhile ago over a voting law that led to a big chunk of the population not getting counted
I just wish there was *something* I could do to make this place not suck. But especially in my specific county, my vote hardly matters.
My chances for a happy life are growing slimmer and slimmer by the day and there's hardly anything I can do about it. It'd probably take more than 5 years to move out of this shitty state, assuming everything goes well.
Everyday I feel increasingly hopeless as anti-lgbt legislation gets passed day after day throughout America, especially in my home state of Texas, and the people with the power to do something about it just sit idly by, *maybe* offering some empty words.
I wouldn't be shocked at all if it was true tbh.
Ah.
What pisses me off as well is that the liberals are incompetent and hardly do anything about it most of the time.
What's a sundown town again
Isn't the current Pope actually pretty progressive, by Pope standards at least?
And if they can't make it illegal, they make it cost a lot, or illegalize something closely associated with it.
I hate how republicans pose themselves as "the party of small government!" And then proceed to make everything they don't like illegal.
Whatsoever.
And America is not smart.
No, I was saying sorry if what *I* said was offensive
Sorry if that was offensive.
But I know they aren't exactly a shining beacon of welfare.
Like, I'm not very well-versed in Italian politics and economics.
Isn't Italy on the lower end though?
Where are you from, Cypher?
Wouldn't it be possible to just like. Do both? Keep the private stuff, but offer public healthcare as an alternative if you can't afford the private stuff?
Waiting times, in most cases, are the same.
Shouldn't that be grounds for like. Legal intervention or something
Interesting
Or wax
He looks like he's made of plastic.
So what did this person do in the 90s to mess everything up.
Really?
Is there a term limit?
Who's silvio berluconi
Yeah ik.
Didn't the socialists nearly win the vote after WW2?
Hey, that's more diverse than we have in America.
Ah.
Wdym "they count nothing"
Ah. What kind of socialists are they?
What's the pink?
Fair tbh. I'm somewhat sympathetic to socdems but...they're still a bit meh imo.
I didn't expect them to have more than the socdems.
That's decent ig.
Sounds like the democrats tbh. Except democrats actually get power occasionally and proceed to do fuck all with it.
When we say dumb, how dumb are we talking.
Ah, I see.
> party that brands itself as populist and neither left nor right.

Where have I heard that one before.
It's like a really shitty game of rock paper scissors.
Conservatives make everything worse, liberals don't do anything about the conservatives, and both of them constantly suppress anyone who tries to do something about it.
wait what.
Ah.
Wdym by mandate
Wait, term limits don't apply if they aren't one after the other?
Is there not a term limit?
Wtf.
But I imagine it went nowhere because he's rich and powerful.
The fact that he suspiciously got ultra rich out of nowhere and seemingly covered it all up.
Every day I grow more and more tempted to digitally send violent threats to conservative politicians /hj
They're in a fierce competition rn when it comes to that.
(For clarification I'm not at all one of those people who think the USSR was some sort of utopia)
I find it ironic that Russia seems so eager to claim the glory of a nation they literally killed
Even a fine would be too much tbh.
Definitely shouldn't be arrested for it, maybe just calmly told "hey don't do that" at most.
I hate how I always ruin everything with my friendships because I can't communicate properly for the life of me.
ah.
have they already used them?
you mean the threat of using them or...?
aren't both the main candidates basically fascists (or at least far-right?)
Tysm.
I'll try.
No, we can't afford one with our current insurance.
Okay good.
Sorry if I forgot.
Wait did I turn ping off
Tysm. I know now that who I am isn't wrong, but I still have lots of trauma buried deep within me that keeps me from accepting it. Not to mention, I barely have a picture of what "who I am" even is anymore because of how long this has gone on.
It's like...those behaviors are part of who I am, so being taught that they're "wrong" has made me feel like who I am as a person is inherently "wrong"
I feel as if all the years in my childhood where I was punished and "corrected" for my Autistic and ADHD behaviors has led to me being afraid of being myself.
I'm glad to have friends like the peoppe in this server.
Ty :>
Ty
<:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
It would be nice.
why are Ukrainians so good at killing generals
yeah maybe I overestimated their capacity for critical thinking.
I genuinely can't see a way you could possibly spin it to justify it even in the minds of your typical conservative.
they're...punishing people for going green???? how would you even bullshit up an excuse for that?
I mean yeah I've always disliked both.
I honestly can't tell if liberals or conservatives frustrate me more because conservatives are just explicitly evil while liberals try to act like they're the most progressive egalitarian people in the world while a historic decline in human rights occurs under their watch.
sorry for worrying y'all
Struggling with the fact that I'm always going to feel alone even when I'm surrounded by people who care about me because due to my autism and how people treated me due to my autism. I'll never be able to understand myself or others nor will others ever be able to fully understand me, and so at all times I feel incredibly isolated. At this rate it feels like I'm just going to be drifting between shallow friendships all my life until I die alone.
bold of you to assume the FBI cares about what they're supposed to and not supposed to do.
in terms of actually using them...lmao.
great in terms of your job, you mean.
Big anouncement?
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/1540339085230968834?t=emvEuk3a-BKxcRROIrhUQw&s=19 has this been posted yet.
"ah shit sorry I meant to kill a completely different japanese prime minister, my bad"
Funny since he's the kind of person to tell foreigners to not comment on american politics.
I feel like a lot of people died today.
who's charles first born?
i think they should let me be queen. just for lols
oh, and 0 that cover trans issues
trying to search for a therapist in my area online and there is literally only 1 in my entire city that has "autism" listed as an issue they cover, texas is a fucking dystopia
i'd leave twitter if it wasn't for the fact that i have a bunch of friends on there I would miss
and this is why I immediately private'd my twitter account when I heard the news. I knew that there was about to be a huge surge in bigoted assholes
why does this guy have to be from my state
But most states never did away with the "except as punishment for a crime," part of the amendment that outlawed slavery if I'm not mistaken
A lot of states actually still have that iirc, maybe not in their constitution though
though I guess having any semblance of sanity is extreme for texas
people called beto too extreme even though from what I saw he is literally one of the most bland run-of-the-mill democrats there is
get me out of this state
abott won the texas governor election <:HibikiTired:422925410490253313>
iirc one of their founding members admitted to contemplating murder-suicide of their autistic child. They're a hate group that advertises itself as a support group, and idiots eat it up because apparently listening to actual autistic people isn't an option they consider
the study was overall poorly conducted, didn't it have a low sample size as well?
wrong if I ever died the entire universe would end for everyone else because i'm super special
hasn't he said this already in the past?
Yea it's just a weird way of saying it. Idk lol
"opinion manipulators"
On episode 2 rn
So Goblin slayer is pretty good
Even if it's a translation error, 9000 sounds better
What's a GBP?
Yeah IF is historically bad with PC ports.
I really liked the critical hit system myself
The gameplay still uses the same concept, but it has some good improvements
VII is my personal favorite
Anyways
They just...changed it a tad bit.
But they didn't change the story to make it fit into the canon
Because they even changed the story in re;birth 1, it has several major differences compared to the original.
Weird
Yeah re;birth 1 isn't even canon which is
Is actually my favorite probably
VII
I'm getting to that
1 and 2 are basically identical, 3 introduces some MINOR changes.
Yeah there's barely any difference between the 3 main games
Seriously though the nep games are unacceptabley overpriced
I don't know how IF is financially but I think any game that you're gonna sell for ***20$ or more*** should have a good amount or effort put into it
Yeah
Make it better
I just wish someone would do the same thing but like
Far too fanservicey for me and they could make much more interesting stories with all the interesting events of gaming history.
quick hot take: I don't really like Neptunia and think it's a massive waste of potential.
If only she wasn't stuck with arguabley the worst character in Neptunia
An excellent voice actor
Imo the story in VII was better than in the other games, but that's not saying much.
Despite all their failings, IF makes amazing waifus
Literally
Goddess-tisr
Or
Noire is absolutely god-tier
Purple heart is okay, Neptune though might just be my least favorite protagonist in any game ever
~~most of them, neptune is awful tbu~~
Don't have to put effort into your game if your waifus are god-tier
F a n s e r v i c e
Oh right
Sometimes I wonder how the hell IF got to where it is now
Which game is it that they copy pasted?
Oh wow
Oh?
And yeah that's basically it solo which is what dissapoints me
The OGs had a tight budget iirc, am I mistaken?
Oh
I'm proud to see symphogear that high up there even if I was sort of late to the party <:HibikiWhoops:585839808115507222>
All the butt-shots made me pretty uncomfortable but what else should I have expected?
Watched episode 1 of Konosuba yesterday
This guy, 14:36
Also did they get John Saint John in on the english dub? Cause this random unnamed tough facial hair dude sounds just like him.
I mean I don't dislike it at all
I'd say kazima (did I spell that right?) is the only normal one but even that's stretching
also darkness arroused by literally everything and her name makes no sense.
yea you're telling me and ngl this episode with the panty stealing is making me mighty uncomfortable.
So far I think it's swell but why does everyone there appear to be into frog vore?
On episode 3 of Konosuba
How come season 2 of konosuba feels like they turned up the bloom effects by 500%? I mean really.
???
Satania cute
Dropout's OP also slaps
1-9 on one day, and 10-12 on the second.
Only 12 episodes, I binged it all in a day and a half.
I would recommend
It's just a lot easier for me to digest in anime form.
True
Finished watching Gabriel Dropout. Pretty good, sad there's no season 2.
Probably will be more active. Distancing myself from games and stuff cause I'm feeling burnt out on all that.
I haven't been too active, just popping in and out.
Wym
????????????

watching kaguya season 1 and uhhhhh
Does anyone know where I can find the subtitles for the little mini series of Machikado Mazoku? The torrent I downloaded included the video itself, but not the subs.
Thank you!
Can't find it on nyaa
Couldn't even find the coalgirls one
a-s has one
exiled destiny one doesn't have any seeders at all
Lemme check which one has the most seeders...
Thank you!
It's all heaven's feel and unlimited blade works
I can't find a torrent for the first season on nyaa
Ah
How many seasons are there for each of them?
I think I'll go with subs
Unfortunately most are.
I usually prefer dub if the dub isn't trash
Depends
What are the best subs for Stay Night?
Thank you!!!
Fate Stay Night 2006
Unlimited Blade Works
Heaven's Feel
Fate Zero
So
Okay lemme write this down real quick
And then?
...so fate stay night?
...um
I've never watched any of the fate animes, which should I start with?
on it
Which one do you recommend?
~~cannot isps got pissy last time I pirated~~
No moneys
Watching dangonronoa and I really hope the rich guy dies.
Watched episode one of madoka
Good to hear!
I'm also planning on watching vinland saga after because I like viking stuff.
Gonna watch more after school
That's about it.
I know that kyuubey is apparently horrible.
That was cool.
The weird...cotton things?
Also I really loved the weird art when Madoka and Sayaka were running off with Kyuubey
Madoka, Sayaka, Homura, Hitomi, and Mami.
Mami is the one at the end right?
The green haired one
Who was the mannerful polite one?
Madoka, Sayaka, Homura.
Ah, I see.
The stoic one is akemi, right? It always takes me awhile to get names down...
I love her already
Ah yea her
The blue haired one?
What's her name again?
Really loved the part where the blue haired one ||just came in with a fire extinguisher||
i'll see you all tomorrow when I inevitably keyboard smash at the next crushing moment.
can't believe I've put it off for so long
definitely finishing this
wow
this is
there is only so much I can endure in a short time perioid
am going to sleep for now
i
by god that just...f u c k
cauce it's getting late but
i dunno whether I should go to sleep now or keep watching
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
||MAMI DID NOT DESERVE THIS||
NO
aiugehiaethigurt
||mami was my favorite so far wtf|| (episode 3 spoiler.)
iuaeniugriauntg
WHYYY
AAAAA
THIS IS NOT FUCKING OKAY
OKAY JUST FINISHED EPISODE 3 OF MADOKA
Since I've hit the halfway mark
actually I'm gonna give it a break now
isn't there a movie too?
starting episode 7
The ending song bops tho
||i miss mami already||
just starting 4 I mean
4
:(
randomly woke up and can't go back to sleep so I'm gonna watch more madoka
all I have to say is
just finished episode 8
everytime she's on screen she's got a different snack.
totally nothing wrong with it
what a small innocent cat thing.
||eating...himself?||
well
oh okay he's just uh
looking forward to it
WHAT KIND OF FUCKING PISTOL IS THAT?????
(Madoka Episode 8 spoilers)


RIP
UH
I JUST SAW THAT HAPPEN
YEAH
OH SHIT
YO WTF?
I'll have to ask more about it later.
???
keep forgetting to turn to the japanese audio track and it's jarring every time.
*aggresive apple nomming*
okay so what the hell did Kyouko wish for? Infinite pocky sticks? Do they say later on?
continuing my madoka watch
pretty good ig
WOOOOOOO
CREDITS BAYBEEEEEEE
FINISHING EPISODE 12 LET'S GOOOOO
DOING IT AAAAAAAA
Do I finish off 11 and 12 now or...
they're all great.
I still can't decide who I like most
that was a great episode.
||homura really do be save scumming tho||
aaaah I understand what's happening now.
||i was so happy to see her again and then you're just casually like "lol no"||
did you have to?
really show.
yea episode 10
||i'm glad to see mami again but WHAT IS GOING ON||
OKAY Uh
only on their first appearances.
GOD DAMN IT DUAL AUDIO TRACKS HAVE BAMBOOZLED ME AGAIN
episode 10 time
ngl ever since episode 3 my reactions to the barriers have shifted from "oh wow this art is really cool!" to "PANIK"
it was allll a dream :)
episode 9 ||rip kyouko :(||
how kyuubey was bad was not revealed to me
Only that it was dark and that kyuubey is bad.
this is not good
oh no
Probably gonna watch a bit of vinland saga in between
I gotcha
Might run through with the dub once, maybe not.
Definitely gonna rewatch...a few times
def initely amongst them
the best thing I've watched
probably
by which I mean
ah
Does Madoka Side Story have spoilers for rebellion?
Until you change your motherboard again
Microsoft is dumb.
It's dumb
And people change their motherboards sometimes and lose their windows code.
A lot of people do because it uses your motherboard to check iirc.
I will
Gonna be watching madoka rebellion later today, after school
Finished rebellion. It's good.
Nah I'll probably rewatch it soon
Nice.
Unless the movie recaps include significant new things.
Yea I did
(Spoilers for Madoka Magica Rebellion, obviohsly,) ||can't comprehend the fact that bebe, the one who caused me so much trauma, is apparently good now???||
At the 27 minute mark of rebellion
which subs did you use?
Are the official subs bad?
it's honestly probably my favorite anime overall lol.
has anyone here watched revue starlight? great anime, highly recommend it.
LET'S GOOOOO
<:MikuFear:642799630605615114>
mika is a genjuro-tier dad.
very hyped for episode 7
finished episode 6 of lycoris recoil god I love it so much.
started watching lycoris recoil and I'm loving it so far.
love it so much
new lycoreco episode was good i liked it.
||it's insane how quickly this anime swaps between moods without making it feel weird.||
WOOOOOOOOOO
Yea it's pretty bad. Even if you ignore the voices themselves a lot of the translations are inaccurate
nana's good there! that's why i'm upset, I wish the whole dub was like that
the fact that they chose revstar to be the one to mess up is painful this franchise deserves so much better
like. these are some really skilled and experienced voice actors there's no way this isn't the fault of the directors
i'm going to go the office of whatever company was responsible for messing up the voice direction of the english dub and cry. we could have had greatness
https://twitter.com/Kaosi1/status/1583495163623931904
Ghost makes some nice vocaloid songs, I recommend checking them out
One of my favorite songs rn
https://youtu.be/ksW7SuH6IAs
i saw it when it premiered
Cute little murderer~
