Its something I haven't really worked with before myself, but you can do what rabb.it does with a lot more people in the rooms
plex maybe?
I know how to set up rabb.it rooms for things like this, but they have a max room size of about 40 I think
Is there any sort of group rewatch planned or anything? Id join in on that if it existed
Yeah, I'm super hyped for season 5
I think I'll need to rewatch the show to get some more ideas though cause its been a while
Perfect, I've found a new home
Yeah, I have no idea how to make high quality gifs; my skills are limited to shitposts and subreddit theming
Do you mean u/foodonion?
Yeah that wasn't me
Indeed we do, I guess my reputation precedes me lol
Ah, that's a bit better
This isn't my first time here but its been ages since my last visit
Heyo!
<:HibikiHi:336657249827028993>
Hello new people!
Heyo
Oh yeah, sorry about that
***SYMPHOSMASHTHOSEFINALS***
Well, I won't keep you to talk about such measly things as anime and shitposts. Go destroy those finals!
I have faith in you though, keep at it and I'm sure you'll do great
Jeez, that's a lot of stuff on your plate
Ah, I think I head you screaming about trigonometry from way over here
Regardless, I would be down for a rewatch with all you lovely people any time
Yeah, it is
I'll ask the person who recommended it to me a while ago
Plex is a media streaming service, theres something else you need to have as well to have multiple people watching the media stream
That's some cool shit
Niiice
<@!102691114762371072> was that a Lapis pop vinyl I saw on your desk then? It was kinda hidden behind that Corrin Amiibo
does your third monitor have Hibiki, Chris and Tsubasa?
Im loving the desktop background on your leftmost monitor
Best of both worlds then
Triple monitors with a lot of cycling desktop backgrounds?
Wait, did you post a christmas Chris?
I accept and cherish all Chrises
Im pretty much exactly tsubasa's height
I thought she was around the same height as tsubasa for some reason
I didn't realise saint germain was so tall, personally
Did you mean like this?
Does nearby glass smash when you say it in your Genjuro voice?
If people had been calling it that id have watched it sooner
I think you missed GAY
But It wasn't until I saw the space shuttle scene that I decided to just watch the whole tihng
I was convinced to watch the show by a recommendation from someone online
I have tried to get my friends to watch it, but they didn't like the first few episodes
Ill just `@everyone` my server every day for a week until at least 100 people watch it
I know next to nothing about this crusade but I shall help how I can
That is so true
How do I board the ship?
I hear tell of a K-on rewatch
Your noticing of my note on this notice has been noted
Noted
I'd be keen to hear everyone's reactions to season one as well actually
Cause I haven't seen season 2
If the ship ever sails for a second voyage, I would be most interested in joining
I suppose I shall have to stay ashore then, for I have seen the first season
I dont think ill be able to make saturday, but I should be able to join in on the catchup session if that's on monday
Anyone can have yurigoggles if you're desperate enough to see yuri
The thrilling sequel to "I am legend"
"Oh, uh, sure thing boss"
"I need five more in 5 minutes"
"Okay boss, I made all the game tips!"
Oooohhh, lesbian biker who punches stuff? I'm sold
What game are ya'll talking about?
Im curious, at least
Dew it
