ahhh can't believe it's over
they've been doing stuff all along, you just never noticed since they're ninjas
wait, come to think of it we didn't ||get a transformation scene|| did we
do we get the chibi ovas like the previous seasons?
also is it just me or did Kirika and Shirabe barely get any lines
are they? been a while since I've watched the previous seasons
yeah it felt kinda weird that we got a song that wasn't sung by Hibiki
hugging>fisting
i forgot, what happened to the noise summoning staff again?
i guess they really sunk his ambitions
water way to go
i mean he's probably still got allies to bust him out
maybe a plotline regarding the old dude who's still in jail?
Chris is like Mista now lol
somehow I expected Hibiki's regenerated arm to become plot relevant somehow and now it never will
haven't they like used the song several times lol why'd it choose now to break
was it just carol or carol+elfnein?
Iirc Carol was human, Elfnein was homunculus, and Elfnein is in Carol's body...but I may be remembering wrong
Chris still the coolest
i need a new mecha-magical girl-music show in my life
I was hoping Chris would get an epilogue with her caretaker from last season
he probably turned people into newts
Witch hunt era?
so...around when was Carol first born?
Beef stroganoff
doesn't GBF do something similar?
Kanade: Become geah!
left it open ended for harem master Chris
being geah is suffering...
Miku:...
Hibiki after the end: eh? Is that what you were thinking? Guess it's not the same, haha
Ogawa spinoff pls
Elfnein should've sung Beef stroganoff during the karaoke scene
wasn;t she literally on a ship with Kirika and Shirabe
Chris is the harem master of all the gears
akuma miku
movie pls
maybe the pendants were broken into their bodies like Hibiki in season 1
Riyo has convinced me Gudako is the canon protagonist
i barely recognised Bikki's voice in Granbelm lol
Alchemy is so advanced these days
she was in a hairy situation
Watch Granbelm and try to make out Bikki and Maria
yeah i wish the custodian lore was brought up more
they get to all speak in Fine English
symphogear cooking spinoff pls
being alchemist is suffering...
that feels so much like a meguca screencap
Basa and Maria already have jobs, kinda
Beef stroganoff song every episode
A cooking spinoff would be nice
