Direct link to some info repository like the wiki or keywords for quick reference material?
I agree with Alice, there's another server I'm in, people going "damn, another one" whenever someone leaves is the most depressing thing, even if you can understand why they left.
<:ChrisAngry:336656958272700417>
~~Sorry.~~
I had to return my KFC bucket, it came charred.
I'd be down for Kanaday.
That's a neat idea.
never enough zenbus
That's true.
I totally didn't nick that idea from another discord I'm in.
I don't know if you guys already thought about it, but you know what would be neat for a Shinfogeah server? Colored roles for which geah is your favorite.
zenbu best girl
Alrighty then.
So yeah, karate bugmen are cool. My discord pfps are always them so far.
~~a bit disappointed no one the have followed up on the "Tachibana-san, you betrayed us?" meme, but alright~~
*obeserves you all silently from behind a wall*
I like then better, to be honest.
Is this one of them slower servers?
What's all this then?
Hello, dess.

No, I mean the act of bullying Maria
What about Maria bullying?
Pie-yay
Yayifications
Stained-glass Yayness
Hello <:HibikiHi:336657249827028993>
But yeah, that's a cool idea, count me in, once it happens.
We need more phonic gain.
The concept of hearts and their distinct shape are a copyright of Disney Corporation. All rights reserved.
how does one even own /sgg/
oh I see
```and will fight anyone who says Chris is not best girl```
I like him already.
Yes, but you have to pay a tax.
Toku is weeaboo-ish enough, so I got an exemption.
Jesus CHRISt, you all are bad at puns.
The plot thickens.
SEKIHAAAA
TENKYOOKEEEEEENNNNN
GUNDAAAAAAAAAAAAAM
https://youtu.be/yP0uT1jyNmE?t=11
Fair enough.
Char?
Shya?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iqaZoiL1as
Kamille is the second.
The first Gundam protagonist.
No, that's Amuro.
<@279341087494242304> Main character, Kamille, is a teen with anger issues who was triggered into joining the resistance and getting involved into a bloody space war basically by his rival-to-be making fun of his name, then it all spiralled from there.
<@279341087494242304> Zeta Gundam stuff.
The Gryps conflict could have ended completely different if he was called Bob or something.
https://www.anime-planet.com/images/characters/jerid-messa-12951.jpg
err, okay then
Jojo_Zeta? Isn't that a girl's name?
I exercise my skills by avoiding gacha like the plague.
Yeah, grown up Latooni should happen already, it'd be great.
But I guess they wouldn't want to upset her early teens appeal, ~~or draw completely different art for her from scratch that's not reused.~~
Also she looks much cuter with her big glasses and regular clothes.
The Fairlion outfit is kinda meh.
```and then I moved her to the Wildraubtier with a sniper rifle and she almost soloed some maps```
Exactly what I did too, she's so OP in that.
Especially in the beginning, in OG1, when she's stoically killing everything with a fucking jet (which in mecha anime standards means less than being on foot).
Welcome there.
Excellent taste in SRW girls, btw.
Welcome and LISTEN TO MY SONG
hehehe
AND THE SHE ZESSHOU'D HYPERREALISTIC BLOOD
>Shirabe.exe
So Jii creepypasta edition?
Hello fellow Zenbu person.
Bullying Maria is great though
hello very gay, i'm dad
Welcome
~~But how does it work!?~~
So many DMJii fans.
Welcome!
I'd rather save it for another day, I need to go to bed now.
Oh yeah, Lat, agreed.
But I really like Kaixa, I like the idea of a secondary rider who is not an anti-hero, who is not misunderstood, he's just a manipulative pick.
Suits and stuff are gorgeous, and some plot points are pretty cool but the story in general is not well written at all and its ending the most asspull-y unsatisfying thing.
It's... not great.
~~geddit?~~
Welcome
I CAN SEE IN YOUR SMILE
I CAN SEE IT IN YOUR EYES
IS IT ME YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
Hello
Ruin lives away!
also welcome
EKUSUPROSHION
hillo
Hey yo
awooo... five six seven oh nine....
Oooh, cool cosplay.
Also welcome.
One of us, one of us, one of us
Great avatar there, welcome
Did anyone say CRUSADE?
yello
Welcome to Zombo.com
Hello there, protagonist of Oblivion
*Now this is a story all about how
The server got twisted turned upside down
And I would you to take a minute just sit right there
And I'll tell you how* I don't know where I'm going with this
Ahoy
Ahoy-hoy!
Ahoy
~~Vagina craft?~~
Why is this channel marked NSFW again?
Spoilers? Anime tiddies figures?
Akari figures.
nice 2hus
I know that feel all too well.
I hear you guys like twintails.
https://twitter.com/t_features/status/1010314552657866752
Damn, I have a relevant pic for that, but it's in my PC at home.
what's the probability it is also pre-hotglued?
I know nothing about them amiibos.
Right, from that pic it wasn't clear there was a capsule.
https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61vx7WoHOtL._SX342_.jpg
Can you attach the metroid to Zessica's head?
Multi-thread drifting!?
"low effort meme" is the redundancy of the century
~~all of them?~~
The red shoulder is the strongest part there.
Very Kikaider-y.
I saw that picture and I'm still alive.
LIES
LYING LIES
I've always thought botegrills looked kinda bland and visually uninteresting, but who's that? She's cute.
Yeah.
But the edgy Bikki with the big scarf is a thing, that much I know.
Is that one of the things from XDU I'm completely unaware of because gacha is suffering and death?
>Heroic Spirit TACHIBANA
The final boss of ACZ is so fucking great.
Also, I hope that entails air jousting, lots and lots of air jousting.
Oh, neat. Is that based on something you were already working on?
Did you know, there are three kinds of dancers?
With an official Symphogear cross promotion?
<@!102691114762371072> Where are those reaction-esque pics with text from again?
Do all undergeahs have those popped collars?
<@!284390402210136064> Am I doing this ping for pics right?
I need pictures of undergears. For research.
Each one has its own design, right?
Sure.
Anyone got closeups of the relic crystals on each gears' designs?
Speaking of which, Hibiki's birthday being the same as Kaixa Day brings such amusement.
Respectively Faiz and Kaixa, IIRC.
Yeah, those are Kamen Rider Faiz poses.
>handholding
>in <#336297674707828747> 
***BAN THIS SICK FILTH***
I'm the same actually. Being born in the early 90s, I still too young when the toku boom was fading out.
It was only via the internet years later, and the indirect ties it has with anime, especially mecha, that I really got into them karate bugmen, rubber monsters and the like.
~~Maybe she just liked the shitty ones.~~
Well, I happen to really dig it (the good shows I've watched anyway, as with any big franchise with countless installments, there are its highs and lows)
<breathes>
</nerdingoutoverkamerider>

As you might expect, crossover art of that is a thing.
Also Hibiki's birthday is also Kaixa Day (9/13), an unnofficial celebration of that show's asshole secondary rider, who is really creepy torwards the aforementioned female lead and backstabs his 'friends' on a whim because of reasons, because of the belt's goroawase pun (ka-i-za, 913).
Fun fact, Aoi Yuki appeared in that show, in some flashback scenes as the female lead as a kid.
```the picture of the two Hibikis with the teched out belts?````
Oh hey, that's a Kamen Rider Faiz thing.
Just finished L-Gaim last week, and boy that was a 54 episodes long slog.
Wish I said more words than just "stuff" over and over again, but such is life.
That depends, there are stuff from that time I really love and think it's a pitty you don't see stuff like that anymore, and some other stuff, yeah.
A lot of stuff don't need 50 whole episodes, for one.
After watching the stuff everybody and their mothers know like Code Geass and Eva, I started wandering around some corners of the internet and reading about all these cartoons with giant robots in them, started grabbing a bunch of them and being introduced to stuff from like the 70s and 80s, so there's another descent within the descent.
Oh dear.
Other than Qwaser, yeah, I also watched those back when I was starting on them animes, in my first couple years of college.
Not college, high school, my bad.
I watched that, then for the next couple of years it was all downhill from there.
Same really. Besides uninterestedly watching a couple of episodes of DBZ when it aired on TV, and watching stuff like Pokemon and Beyblade when I was a kid, I only got into anime for real in my last year of high school when I kept overhearing my classmates talking about this one japanese cartoon with the guy who has a notebook that kills people.
Sakuya best 2hu
That's a lot of glasses alright <:GenjuurouThumbsUp:336657189475188740>
Guilty as charged.
But she doesn't usually wear glasses?
She cute.
~~I... dunno why the ye old englishe. Just because, I guess.~~
<@!263983345669505025> Kerrik, O Picture Keeper, hath thou cometh across any pictogravure of Lady Hibiki and Sir Genjuro in a mimickry of ye iconic imagery below?
https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b6/f0/dc/b6f0dc4794f455b8daf37fd7e821dd66.png
```This is a as close as I could find. ```
Welp time to take destiny into my own hands.
Neat. Thanks.
I like that kind of minimalism stuff.
Do you have that for the other girls?
In awe at the size of Genjuro. Absolute unit.
Nevermind, finally found it.
Also, while googling for that, I came across this, whatever it is.
https://www.destructoid.com//ul/user/3/361162-465431-carpkickpng-noscale.jpg
Paging the pic keeping people, I urgently need that one official height chart with the S1 characters.
I'm sure I have it saved somewhere, but I can't find it among the mess.
She's so cute, our Hamster Jesus of Lesbian Fisting.
Thanks muchly.
Winter Lydian uniform.
Anyone has good quality concept character art of Hibiki and Genjuro?
I wanna get the colors right and the artifacts in the tiny jpgs Japan still sticks to really suck.
Oh, it's Saint Seiya, that's a he, isn't it?
Looks like she's wearing a really cheap mecha musume cosplay.
Cool.
Yup, thanks a bunch.
Anyone got that one pic of Mysterious Heroine X done in the Symphogeah G album cover style?
I seem to have misplaced mine.
I don't want to look up.
Come to think about it, there has to be xenomorph sex toys somewhere.
*the* alien?
what exactly is that alien looking thing supposed to be
I'm 24 and I already feel the instinct to tell my younger friends to get off my darn lawn.
Or sacrificing ourselves heroically for the next generation.
>mid 20s
>young
In anime years, we should all be in retirement homes by now.
You're all going to jail now.
Don't worry, I've already contacted the anime porn police.
Well, that sucks.
Even my healthy ass would get quickly tired of doing 3h long podcasts every week.
ikr, for all these years
Cancer is such a shitty thing.
/s
Clearly the only way to advance as a species is to be distrustful of everything and everyone.
I don't like talking about politics at all, but it's like Trump is determined to undo everything Obama managed to do, regardless of what it is.
Like, if he got word that Obama once straightened a portrait on a wall in the White House, he'd go there and re-tilt it, and nail it tilted to the wall.
Is doing 10 loads of laundry euphemism for something kinky I'm not aware about?
Conversely, I can't make heads or tails of Reddit's.
trust no one, not even "trust no one" phrases
Who are you gonna trust? The flimsy 'reality' that can be easily manipulated by [insert group you dislike here who are therefore the source of all evil in the world], or some crazy dude on the internet who got it all figured out, man?
I do have a bit of a morbid fascination with conspiracy theories, given how easy it is to just make stuff up and someone somewhere might actually believe it.
I see.
I'm not familiar with /x/
It's all conspiracies  and stuff now?
Haven't been to /x/ much. I can only imagine.
And it gets more obvious to tell apart what is the board's thing, and what is just shit leaking from the bigger, louder boards.
The main problem is the young people picking up the slack and doubling down on the old thinking.
Hel is also his daughter.
He had all sorts of monster kids.
Yeah, and Jormungandr too, IIRC?
Meanwhile, Odin's horse is the son of Loki after he got impregnated while turned into a mare because he wanted to sabotage a wager.
Zeus turned into a lot of things in other to rape.
They're basically humans, but in control of forces of nature and stuff.
I like Norse and Greek gods because there's not a hint of "god does the right thing in mysterious ways...!", they're just a bunch of assholes using their powers for their own sake just as humans do.
I'm pretty much agnostic then.
God is the most cruel The Sims player.
Exactly.
Yeah, it's funny how this all knowing all powerful being that created and controls the entirety of the universe cares about how this one insignificant person fucked outside of wedlock or what have you.
What is America if not a hodgepodge of things cherrypicked from other cultures for their own benefit?
It's like living your life under the societal rules of two millennia ago is weird or something.
>on another server
>talking about games and stuff
>suddenly the conversations shifts into some bullshit about the New World Order
Sigh...
Ain't got time for that, buddy.
A part of me still wants to believe flat earthers are just a group of self aware jokesters doing Kaufman-esque performance art, but that's asking too much, isn't it?
Mood right now: watching old PSAs from the 50s/60s with all the antiquated morals you'd expect or even worse ("sex for anything but procreation is literally communist evil", "homosexuals are literally just another word for pedophiles/sex predators", "marijuana will literally make you berserk and kill people", shit like that), laughing at how backwards they are, then being hit by the sad reality that for a lot of people those are still the unchanging facts. Young people, even.
JAM Project is the most serious of businesses.
Yeah.
It's easier to be afraid of the "dangerous online game" and blame it than actually sitting down to discuss depression, I guess.
Just switch to metric, you people.
I never actually watched those videos, fuck giving them views, but the times above are such a terrible mix of smug self satisfaction and "I know everything there needs to know", it's amazing how people fall for that.
Is the philipino YT also flooded with dumb videos like LOOK AT OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR'S SNARKY REPLY FUCKING PWNING FEMINISM AND LIEBRALS AND RAPING THEIR CORPSES too?
Yeah, that much I can tell.
Have you started on GuP yet? At what date/time, and how many episodes per session?
Wait, you guys doing GuP now?
Been meaning to watch that for a while now.
How does this anime club thing work? Never bothered with it until now, because I've already seen K-On and all.
jolly good
am i doing the role thing right?
I'm not in the mood for sub nitpicking anyway.
If you look it that way, I guess.
But it's stretching things a little when you're making a pun with korean martial arts.
I'm fine with tankery, it conveys the meaning fine if you want a word that flows in english.
Tankwondo is just plain silly.
It's funny as hell, but I can't.
They keep it senshadou, I believe.
I had to redownload it after finding out the subs I had got before translated it as "tankwondo".
I don't think these I've got are Commie.
I have the show itself downloaded already, might as well just watch from there.
If it's a manageable time for me, I'm in.
Shit, I will be either sleeping or doing groceries at that time.
oh goodie
She agrees with me, Tankwondo really sounds stupid.
It's alright, right now I'll probably have to go afk to teach my dad how to mount isos anyway.
In 5 minutes?
We're using rabbit, right?
So is there any other good time for the GuP watch?
Even if it is like 2-4 hours after the original one?
I haven't watched either Naruto or One Piece, but by the sheer volume of their OPs being played at cons I go to, it feels like I would have listened to them less times if I just watched the full shows, all thousands of episodes of them.
How come there's a Naruto opening I haven't heard at cons a hundred times already?
Also, she's fine translation
Ladies and gentlemen, check this fucking shit out!
That screenshot is so exploitable.
The advantage of the invisible girl is that you can see lewds of her literally anywhere.
So Osmosis Jones: The Anime is going good so far?
I see what you did there lat
I like her even more.
Wait a minute, Nekota is a fucking Leiji girl.
http://suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com/archive/26683155/images/1376788138065.jpg
Can you repost the ones from previous eps except Anko and student council team?
Do you have anywhere with all of those gifs? Haven't been saving them weekly.
The Sodoko Collective creeps me out.
I love these dorks already.
pantsu vore
Cyberpunk anime tanks.
Feeling like replaying Ace Combat 3, so I guess I'll see (and kill) some tanks I guess.
Hyping myself up by not doing anything particularly tank-y.
PANTSU VORE
When's the thing again?
🚓
It did give us the best line in the history of everything.
"My one true love, this kid I found."
I watched the first episode of that, it's quite something.
Seems to be it.
We'll watch 11 and 12.
Can we start a little earlier today? I'm gonna have to leave at T + 1 hour.
I'll probably only have time for the last 2 episodes today, no additional stuff or anything.
"and platelets are pretty sure first"
I agree with Shirabe on a deep spiritual level there.
For SnK the longer it goes on and reveals things the dumber it gets.
The anime itself, or the parts of the manga that it adapts?
mistake was an anime.
I'll probably just watch 11 and 12 by myself.
Also next weekend I'll be at a con all day, so I won't make it then either.
Oh yeah, how did it go saturday after I left?
Is it ready, Joe?
Can we get started?
I'll watch it whenever it's out, why not, plane anime are few and far in between anyway.
I guess it doesn't even have a release date yet.
Oh I think I've vaguely heard of that before.
Same, it's been on my radar for a while.
I know there's Flight Highschool but that's 1. korean, so anime never and 2. more or less dead.
TELL ME MORE
Wait, really?
When's an anime where cute school girls pilot and/or are planes, Japan?
I try playing that every couple of years, but the F2P thing and the multiplayer put me off.
War Thunder?
Yeah, that really sucks.
No...
What did they do to Jun?
A centralized power source? That sounds plot convenient.
So Photon Power becomes like the Shizuma Drive, or is it not that built upon?
It needs worldbuilding?
I'll watch it either way, if only for the action scenes, but yeah, that's a shame.
Especially if you remember Shin Great is never happening.
You're welcome.
~~Was it that bad? Haven't watched it yet.~~
It has the power to be either a god or a demon!
As long as you don't use it for world domination, it won't melt your face.
No, it belongs in a museum.
Haven't Indiana Jones taught you anything?
But only after extensive research, so scientists can properly observe all the dellusional realities emanated from it.
It needs to be framed in a museum.
That writeup needs to be preserved so future generations can study it.
~~True.~~
Its peak is its synopsis form.
Most major spoilers are stupid, that's the deal with SnK.
http://blogimg.goo.ne.jp/user_image/2a/5a/a42360728f11c6e3533eafba2f8eaa64.jpg
The conehead design is a turn off for some people, but since they were going for a rocket theme, it could have gone so much worse.
And I might be the only living human being who loves Magnet States.
~~Statistically unpossible, but still.~~
Yeah, it's an acquired taste for most.
I actually like the base form a lot, and it was one of the reasons I picked Fourze, but yeah, the Rider suit designs are hit or miss.
It has its dark moments, but Fourze is a pretty lighthearted series overall.
The good kind of lighthearted, where you can't help but leave with a smile on your face, well IMO anyways.
Happy go lucky and extremely friendly high school dude.
His goal is literally befriending everyone he meets, including bullies, monsters, and a space station/giant robot that one time.
Because that's exactly what he is.

Fourze is fucking all about friendship.
And space.
Fourze is pretty good.
It was my first along with Gaim, so it's near and dear to my heart.
Not just anime either.
Not saying it's demons, but it's demons.
And 66.6N 66.6E is actually right in an airfield in Russia.
Meanwhile, 66.6S 66.6E is in the ocean, 66.6S 66.6W is also ocean but almost in Antartica dry land (dry ice?)
https://www.google.com/maps/place/66%C2%B036'00.0%22N+66%C2%B036'00.0%22W/@66.6,-66.6021887,314m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d66.6!4d-66.6
ikr
Relatively.
Next to Greenland.
Middle of bumfuck nowhere, northeastern Canada.
Ah, fridays...
Open a gate to hell, that sort of thing.
Hey, 66.6N 66.6W is actually on land. Wonder if anyone ever done anything there.
~~That's the joke.~~
We summon the Elder God of Anime with a human sacrifice when Halloween falls on a friday the 13th, the next thunderstorm that hits the 666N 666S coordinates will burn the ground in such way it'll spell out the name of our next anime.
That entire headline is great.
X
go fo X
And old HDDs with DDL'd anime from 2008.
That kind of subs will live on in our hearts.
"Chi ocean is kakkoi"
God that's painful to read.
I was honestly expecting some Mari levels of shitty character transplant.
She was adorable.
She voiced the NEET girl.
Oh fuck, I forgot that.
But Aoi did voice the best character in Valvrave by far.
Sleeping is indeed an important thing to do, unfortunately.
Hey Buddy Complex was alright.
Like the definition of average.
Another bad KR show as far as I'm concerned.
She was also in Faiz as a child actress, actually. In flashback scenes as the female lead when she was a kid.
https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/kamenrider/images/3/36/Yurusen_render.png/revision/latest?cb=20151010084251
She voiced the ghost sidekick thingy.
Such a shame Aoi was wasted in it.
All of the things.
Most things.
Because a lot of things are better than Ghost.
That's the thing with both early Ex-Aid and Amazons S1, I'm not sure if they really were as good as they were out of own merit, or because they were being directly compared to Ghost at the time in my head.
Huh.
Ex-Aid was an outright palate cleanser to me.
PSA: Don't bother with Ghost. It's the pits. It's not worth your time or brain cells.
Yeah, Wizard is very much not liked.
Haven't watched it so I can't judge it myself, but the common complaints is that it gets very boring, formulaic and uneventful, even though the fight scenes and designs are good.
From what I hear Hibiki starts off super strong, but then they switch directors or whatever halfway through and the show gets shifted a lot to be more like a conventional Rider.
Once I finish either Garo Makai Senki or Ultraman Tiga, whichever comes first.
Will hop on it as soon as my watching list gets thinned out a little.
Blade is the next on my list.
<@174440042289168384> Literally voted best ass of Japan.
And it got absurdly popular in Japan, they kept making movies out of it way past its date.
Den-O is one of the more comedic ones.
But I love its tone and heftiness so much.
Yeah, Kuuga gets hella slow in the middle.
oh, it not the joke I expected.
Madoka? to iu
My favorites are Kuuga, W, Fourze.
Agito, Ryuki, Gaim, OOO and Black are also up there.
Drive and Ex-Aid are good.
Kabuto is great in its first half, then shits the bed and gets completely lost by its second half.
Faiz had some really good ideas but it's overall pretty bad with lots of dumb drama.
Ghost was a wasted year of my life I won't get back. It was the worst.
And those are the ones I watched.
Posting here too in case it gets lost in general-chat, just watch today's GuP without me, I watched the episodes earlier by myself.
Next time it's the OVAs, right?
Just for the record, I won't make it to today's GuP watch, going to a con.
That reminds me I'm like 2 months behind on that show.
Ayame, from Gundam Build Divers.
Second OP wasn't bad either.
First season was the fun kind of dumb, then the rape happened, then it ended, then season 2 tried to be more serious and it was just a chore to watch.
Yeah, the fun stopped around that time.
Oh I see.
Will probably have to go watch both again at some point, it's been so many hundreds of dead cats ago.
~~Eh, brick joke~~
Now I notice, you might be the only person I know who ranks Diebuster higher than Gunbuster. Is that the fascist undertones I never noticed before?
Okay, that one was off the mark
I'll go out on a limb and say Danball Senki, the Gundam SD OVAs (that I might have actually watched in its entirety, saw bunch of bits and pieces of it on UT a while ago) and SBR (which is a bloody manga) we're at least half in jest.
I'm really bored
Yes, I'm making a math problem out of it
Hang on, does each line only have one shitpost?
Wait, only one bingo free of shitpost, ~~is Shinfogia shitpost?~~
Ooh
Yeah, I probably will
Got the feeling I read it wrong when I didn't pick it up when it aired
Oh yeah
I've got a lot of checks but not a single bingo, lol

I've heard Beatless was bad, but I had no idea it was at this level of trainwreck.
What show is that screencap about?
Sora no Woto was a pretty nice show. I'd recommend it to the club's watch list.
btw I'm not a spider
Spiders are beautiful creatures who need more love in general, I'll keep an eye on it.
They translated into her being a slashy knife psychopath with an unwavering ara ara~ smile on her face.
Which is fine I guess.
I'm kinda disappointed Macrophage doesn't seem to do any vore-ing as her name and function implies, but then again it might just be beyond what can be shown on-screen.
I'm good to go.
The apex of human evolution.
Hell yeah, Henkei Shoujo.
Anyone else read Qualia? That was quite a thing.
That is a thing that quite grinds me gears.
It is one hell of a ride, and most importantly of all, IT'S NOT A BLOODY ONGOING MANGA/LN SO THE ANIME CAN HAVE A FUCKING ENDING AND NOT BE JUST ADVERTISEMENT FOR THE SOURCE MATERIAL.
I wish Qualia the Purple was adapted already.
"Let's prepare to fight them italian girls!"
"That sure was a cool fight, wasn't it?"
Well, the show itself skipped it
What about the Anzio OVA?
Oh yes, the boxart.
What is being, other than a collection of values imposed onto the self?
Is an onahole by itself even nsfw?
Isn't what you make of it what makes it nsfw?
Mari might have one too.
Come to think about it, that's pretty much all she is already.
Probably, Lat. The one I saw was Rei though.
It was Rei shaped, for the record.
It has nothing to do with Assault Horizon, it's actually a remake of 2 back from the PS1 days, and also it's, you know, good.
AC3D, or as renamed in the west just to be marketed along with a certain shitty installment, Assault Horizon Legacy.
The one on the 3DS.
Funny that AC came up here out of nowhere, I'm literally playing one of the games right now.
Heh.
Also both have a thing for knights.
The forbidden book of immense dark power is just an evolution of Belkan nukes though.
~~shhh~~
Their lasers and jet fighters just naturally evolved into magitek flying magical girls also with lasers.
I 100% headcanon that the Ancient Belka is actually AC Belka but far into the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wba6XWbpT-k
It used to be bigger, it just kind of faded out I guess.
Cue the memes that Madoka is just Ryuki again.
He's a big fan of an earlier show, Kamen Rider Ryuki, and it really shows.
Yeah, Urobutcher is the one big name that pops to mind when you say Gaim's writer.
HAGANE NO CANNONDICK
They ended up making a tachicoma.
https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-d5SP7__65z8/VDFOspxOXII/AAAAAAAEVLA/AJ8L_5BEKAo/s1600/22337-4.jpeg
Did some quick googling, apparently only custom builds.
~~Rabbit Rabbit~~
Tank Tank.
There has to be.
Is there a Ball Tank in canon somewhere?
Something something compensate recoil with verniers and AMBAC something
It's literally just a ball with rockets, arms and a gun strapped to it.
I unironically love it though.
Ball is the peak of human evolution.
Because it looks cool, that's fucking why.
Magic exists, the US is shaped like a star, and girls are always in their panties all the time for some reason.
Guess you'd have to file that under "guess that's just how that world works I guess"
Wait, hang on, the striker units aren't even an excuse since we see the school Yoshika goes to before even knowing about the witches, everyone is already pantsless.
I like that Perrine girl already because she at least wears a pantyhose which is the closest we'll probably get to pants.
Or any other kind of covering that wouldn't mess with the plane legs.
Still by the first episode I was like "yeah, yeah, I get it, show, you are very proud of these crotches, I get it"
Like a single frame of an action shot, still dedicated to showing crotch.
There were even subliminal panty shots.
Literally in your face.
I really fucked up in not thinking of counting every time uncomfortably young ass/crotch/taint was shoved into my face.
It is very... blatant.
Started watching Strike Witches for the first time, can't believe that thing is 10 years old already.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvcI6JtFU6Y
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GEI3PpXEAo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQGvlemqUpE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTuMK-ZMPVY
Oh, cool, music channel.
Japanese jazz fusion and 80s city pop has been my jam lately.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIFASfPkw9g
Oh god that's painful.
I only listen to nightcore+vaporwave remixes.
The memes, Jack.
I am incapable of getting tired of those games.
I've played the PS2 Ace Combats literally until I had nothing else to unlock, so there's that.
This is probably my favorite boss theme of all time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80XAJKqRU9k
Why can't all game reviews be communicated via Shinai screencaps?
The world would be a better place.
The game heavily encourages you to switch classes and try stuff out, or else you miss out on things.
But damn is it hard to give away the sheer satisfaction of the slashy slashes and bow of the Strider.
I don't think I ever grinded for XP.
More like item drops and stuff.
I've always had a blast with Dragon's Dogma.
Strider is my jam.
SAKIMORI DA/10
~~About how he was the strongest hedgeheg in the Sonic military academy and shit~~
I hear good things about Cold Steel
<@188714906143424513> Double noice.
>that ashens poster
Noice.
I think it was epsxe when I last dabbled with PSX emulation, two years ago when I played mostly the fantranslated AC3 and Xenogears (which technically is still on hold  now, haven't touched it since my PC back then blew up in march or so).
No one at the moment.
I actually love emulators, and use them quite a lot, but I don't know, the PSX ones I've used lately didn't feel quite right.
Also since I have the most games on my PC, it's easier for me to just forget a game I'm playing and leaving it on hold forever, especially if some hardware fuckup happens and I have to reinstall Windows again, and get the save files from the old installation, it can be kind of a hassle.
Eh, no I don't.
Speaking of JRPGs, I wish there was a Wild Arms 2 remake for PS2, like Alter Code F.
I could play it on my actual PS2 instead of having to use a PS1 emulator.
Okay, not the first thing in mind if someone is talking about melty blood in the bathroom
I pick it up again for a nice afternoon play, only to emerge to find out the authorities have declared me legally dead.
I'm like that with Civilization.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Actually, no, third person action game, and each geah is a different style altogether.
Bikki is God Hand, Zenbu is Vanquish and Sword is of course Revengeance.
Nah, geah beat em up.
Dynasty Warriors.
Also, god that name must be confusing for someone who doesn't know the franchise's actual name.
It looks whipped up in Photoshop in like 2 minutes.
Maybe I'm just slow at playing long games and easily forgetful.
Similarly, I had SRW J running on a GBA emulator, in my phone, it took me almost 3 years to finish it just out of on and off interest.
Now that's another classic SNES RPG I loved to hell and back but never really finished.
Yeah, 6 is full 2D SNES fare.
And it's pretty darn good at it.
But then again, I played Wild Arms 1 fairly recently and I had a blast.
When I look at screenshots of 7 all I see are some very cartoony and goofy looking half dozens of polygons.
I've played and enjoyed some of FF6, but never finished it either.
I've never played FF7 before, is it one of those games everybody remembers fondly but if a newcomer jumps in in the present day they'll not understand what's the big deal with it?
It's one of the very few upcoming games I'm actually looking forward to.
Sure I'd rather have a delayed game than an unfinished one, but if there's no news at this E3 I'll know something is off.
Yeah, it got delayed to "2018"
I'm more concerned about Ace Combat 7 not having a release date yet, hopefully it won't get delayed again.
Last time I checked it DS is pretty potato friendly.
Well fair enough.
There's also the PC, notoriously bad port, but with mods and a controller, it's perfectly fine.
~~There are other platforms~~
I mean, you can play it now.
Oh no, we'll have to wait a little more for a game we already played a thousand times before.
THE HUMANITY
Saiyan Sentai Gokuranger
I didn't even see the ping.
Back on the Rocks yo
HIGHER ON THE STREET
Loved to build flying island castles, and using zeppelin mods, so I'd build a zeppelin to act as a moving base for exploration, with a mechanism so I'd have other bike-sized 'zeppelin' vehicles attached to the side for faster locomotion when needed.
I started playing when it was in beta, got bored and left for real a little before the Microsoft buyout.
Probably because it's been roughly that exact time.
Damn, it feels like it's been half a decade since I last played Minecraft.
PS4
Also assorted late 2000s japanese pop culture things.
Beware, 11 minutes of japanese Kamen Rider Blade memes, the best and worst kind of memes.
Isn't it weird when you hear a song (or experience another piece of media) from a parody first, then much later you experience the original but now it's already imprinted in your brain as something you heard first from some silly meme video or something like that?
Having that right now with the main motif of P4. All my head can link it to primarily is this thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7DGqKYubsE
I'd recommend getting the P3 FES version for P3, it's a more complete sort of deal.
P4 has a Vita remake, P4 Golden (which everyone says it's better, but I don't have a Vita, so fuck it, vanilla it is),, but yeah, both it and 3 are PS2 originally.
Besides, you can buy a PS2 dirt cheap these days.
It has such a huge library chock full of great games, you'll most likely not regret it.
Maybe you can emulate it if your PC is good enough?
I never tried it with Persona though, playing on an actual PS2.
Despite annoyances like that, I really like P3, played it last year and would def recommend it if you wanna get into the Persona thing, it worked for me.
It's because of the way the game's calendar system works, and the limited places where you could save. If you were unsure of what to do in a certain  day's after school period, or wanted to experiment (especially for the social links thing), you'd have to save during the previous night, either at your dorm or in the dungeon hub section (if you done dungeoning in the previous night). Which entails having to play through stuff again, including cutscenes if that particular day has cutscenes in its pre-after school morning/afternoon sections.
What do you mean?
That was a problem in P3
THANK GOD there's a save point for afterschool stuff now.
So folks here like their Personas, don't they?
Started playing P4 yesterday.
Animusphere sounds like what an journalist who unironically used blogosphere would call anime communities on the interwebs.
アニム is exactly how you'd pronounce animu, isn't it?
>It isn't pronounced 'animu' for one.
The wiki article says the katakana is アニムスフィア
Needless to say I don't have that.
>oh boy, after finishing a good part of some college bullshit I had to do, finally time to go back and play more Persona 4
>PS2 breaks
Fuck.
That video is a gift to mankind.
I just find the art direction and designs unpleasant to look at.
Who cares about that ugly Dark Souls bandwagoner
Just give us the release date of AC7 already, Bamco
Huh.
It is?
Jojo Part 9 Titanite is Unbreakable
It doesn't feel the same if it actually has gameplay.
Double roll for genocide *and genocide*
"What if we define him as 'wings' instead?"
~~I'm sorry.~~
Or shouldI say *super* great?
Yeah, that's real great.
Oh god, that GANGANGAN GANGANGANGAN, it's so adorable AND badass.
Oh my
>hotblooded Lat going ORAORAORAORA
Oh yeah, played that yonks ago, enjoyed it a lot.
I'm on a cyberpunk mood right now, crowded neon lit cityscapes, cybernetics, synthesizer soundtracks, that sort of thing.
Anyone got a rec for a good game following along those lines? Preferably with a well realized world and not too heavy on the TECH IS BAD aesop that I don't really care about.
YASSAI MOSSAI
THE CHURCH OF ZENBU GROWS STRONGER
If I could whistle I would be whistling that song all day long.
That opening theme is so freaking good.
I like the sexbot girl, she's just so blasé about everything.
Also I'm sure not even a 1/3 of them have been introduced yet.
Still too early to say.
*I understood that reference!*
Anyway, yeah, back to playing it.
And he has an alliterative name that is not J Jonah Jameson.
The newspaper guy?
It's the right mix of all sorts of stuff I immensely dig, I can hear some synthwave, of course, but also japanese jazz fusion influences, and, for lack of a proper genre name, late 80s Sega arcade game soundtracks and Ace Combat 3 soundtrack vibes.
Yeah, pretty cool worldbuilding.
Also dang this soundtrack.
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/CharClone
Char Aznable, the rival character from the original Gundam.
One of the most iconic villains in all of anime, went on to have thousands of characters inspired by him to some extent.
Oh, and the boss is a Char, because of course she is, why not?
"The Red Comet"
Dang I didn't remember how good this soundtrack was, right up my alley.
Yeah, I've had VA-11 Hall-A for a while, played some of it, then multiple hardware and OS strokes happened, so I kinda forgot about it.
I'm starting over on it now, it's a nice little thing.
Well that's not wrong.
That's what we've been just talking about.
So much time walking around that one island in circles where the Hayokontons spawn just to farm for keys.
I really like the system in Earthbound, you not only see the enemies beforehand (even though you might not always be able to evade them), but it completely skips the fight if the enemy is too low level for you.
"Let's just skip this shit since we both know you already win."
I just like being able to know exactly where and when I'm getting into a fight, not just the game taking my battle readiness for granted just because I'm on the overworld screen.
"Okay, let's go from point A to point--- oh fuck, we're gonna a battle I guess"
I loved Wild Arms. but I am not a fan of random encounters at all. A shame it contractually had to be in so many JRPGs.
I just like to imagine Gaben sitting in his throne, being handed a list "what should Steam get rid of?"
( ) Unity tutorials repackaged as games
( ) Stupid games that are just a bunch of memes slapped together
( ) "Games" that shipped without executable files
***(X) Anime tiddies***
Yeah, it's a terrible thing if you're into retro gaming.
Also I think multiplayer only server based games are detrimental to gaming in general, in an archival sense.
Once the company dies or gets bored of the game, that's it, you just won't play the game anymore unless there's a big enough residual fanbase to warrant a rerelease or if the fans themselves set up a server.
Meanwhile as long as you have the right hardware, or can emulate it, you can enjoy classic singleplayer games from 20 years ago whose companies are long dead just fine.
I don't give a shit to multiplayer games in general.
Which is unfortunate, since that's what gives the companies *all of the money*, which is the least amount of money they shoot for.
Games literally don't sell anymore unless they're battle royale.
But it'll have a battle royale mode, right?
```wait
fallout 76?
like...
soldier 76?```
No, like Interstate 76
When is someone gonna resurrect that IP?
https://d1u5p3l4wpay3k.cloudfront.net/yakuza_gamepedia_en/a/af/Japanese_Rhino_Beetle_1.jpg

Walking the path of heavens, the bikini babe who will rule it all.
Oh yeah, that's a thing, isn't it
Would there be an even worse case of AAA companies holding onto their more successful and marketable IPs for maximum long tail profit disregarding everything else?
Wonder how much worse the selection of games themselves would have been if that was the case.
Half of the game industry would have been killed by Activision by the early 2010s
Just imagine if everybody sued everbody else whenever bandwagoning happened.
And a shrinking game area mechanic made explicitly to patch the big boring map issue.
Also, the concept has always been kinda "okay, why is this rocking everybody's world again?" to me.
It's basically Last Man Standing, like Unreal did two decades ago, but with only one life per player and a map big enough to make it large stretches of boring punctuated by being killed by someone you didn't even see.
Dude, only PUBG owns the concept of battle royale in games, even though it wasn't either the first battle royale or first battle royale game.
inb4 it's a battle fucking royale
>Fallout 76
Consider me intrigued.
>rumor that it's an online only thing.
Consider me outtrigued. Good night.
>Burn My Dreads
That must hurt.
This is the cyber future we deserve.
And she reveals stuff.
I'm right now at the part where the sister shows up.
Enjoying Va11 Hall-A quite a bit. It's a tad longer than I expected, but I wish I had played it sooner.
https://boingboing.net/2010/08/10/yakuza-3-review.html
Reminds me of that one article where they got 3 actual yakuza dudes to review Yakuza 3 and comment on how authentic it is.
I speak memes, I know what that is!
The lesbian hostess?
It's a really interesting read.
I've never played Hingdom Kearts before, am I missing out on anything?
That poor ojou-sama.
Who is she pounding in that SHC clip?
I just want Ace Combat 7 to have a release date already.
Always using time travel for really inconsequential things, instead of going back and, I dunno, stealing those now lost Doctor Who episodes before they're disposed off by BBC?
Fucking time travellers.
https://twitter.com/devolverdigital/status/1005091916906713091
***RICHAAAAAAAAAAAAARD***
Like "this will kick up  a stink, so we'd rather not release it in the west at all"?
Wasn't it self imposed?
Do people even care about skate games at this day and age?
~~It's a meme, right?~~
~~What's with  the Skate 4 meme anyway?~~
https://twitter.com/SukebanGames/status/1005070904966041607
So VA-11 Hall-A doujins are part of the future we'll live in.
RIP C&C
https://www.gamespot.com/videos/command-and-conquer-rivals-full-match-gameplay-e3-/2300-6444342/
Yeah, I wasn't watching the stream but I saw some reaction.
So there was apparently a C&C ~~scam~~ mobile game?
My eyes will only be able to see 24 of those!
60fps? What is this sorcery?
"Nobody wants arcade flight sims anymore, because we say so" - companies
Wake me up if a Crimson Skies sequel is announced.
Kinect 2: The Revenge
You know what I'm really liking lately?
Alt tabbing out of Va11 Hall-A while in Jill's house, just so I can browse the internet/chill/shitpost while this plays in the background.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXhB319zX1E
Skyrim mobile?
That's it? The extent of what is being announced?
...aaaand?
Did I miss something about TES?
Meanwhile, I decided to play the Mega Drive Shadowrun game again.
Man, fuck those OP trenchcoat and hat guys in the ghoul run at the beginning of the game.
lol
Cyberpunk 2077 looks pretty interesting, will keep an eye out for it.
No, make it a trilogy of games
A Hibiki game that's God Hand
A Revengeance style thing for Tsubasa
And Chris gets Vanquish
In the grimdark future of 2018, there is only funko pops
Wait, this showcase is confusing
BIG SPOTLIGHT STEALING TRAILER for a mobile game
"oh by the way, a  turn based spin off is coming for PC"
That awkward silence after that Funko Pop thing was amazing.
That's... not real
pffff
The TES6 video is the one with the title, mountains and literally nothing else.
It doesn't look like the textures are the exact same though.
https://youtu.be/G_395DCBLF0
Also, 'later this year'
Xbox, PS4 and PC.
Remaster it seems.
The 'conference'
Holy shit, it ended on a fucking sequel hook
Announcer lady is Robocop now??
Gaming status: ( ) not saved ( ) saved (X) FUCKING SAVED
FUCK YEAAAAAAHH
"It's just a repainted Dreamcast!"
You know what, I don't mind Devolver doing this every year, each time roasting different bullshits about the industry.
Oh shit, it's Devolver time
Except he hears us memeing about non-stop Skyrim and takes that as actual clamors for nothing but Skyrim rereleasing.
~~Todd might be hearing us~~
~~Don't even joke about that~~
I hope it's Akavir, from books and stuff it sounds weird and interesting as fuck.
Also some mountains, someone who knows more Tamriel lore than I might pinpoint exactly where that is, I dunno.
So I just saw the TES6 teaser.
It literally just says 6 is happening.
Oh dear
I actually memed that before.
The Todd is evolving, it's becoming self aware
>Skyrim on Alexa is real
https://youtu.be/M933OLUQ2Z4
Goddamnit.
Here's the real thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkFdqqyI8y4
That's okay, as long as you *believe your own justice*.
I've put it to run on my phone by my side as I do something else with the PC.
This is videogames...?
Huh, I hear mixed things about it. I mean, not exactly mixed, more like "it's not as good as 4/5/Zero"
Either way, I'm glad AC7 is going back to that characteristic AC style instead of the CoD-bandwagoning shitshow that Assault Horizon was.
That's the one big AC game I haven't got around to playing yet.
I absolutely love the PS2 ones, they're three of my favorite games ever, I might even say.
~~Whatever, just give me the Ace Combat 7 release date, E3~~
It's just something that always happens.
I can hear people whining about the gays invading videogames from here.
Or whatever.
Is that Last of Us 2?
That's gonna be their "we're still the good guys" card for years.
I completely missed today's conferences, anything of note?
But yeah, Mr. Negative, huh? I dig the design.
I was reacting to the end of the conference itself.
Is that it?
Who's  the film negative guy again?
Okay those are some cool looking setpieces.
It's like he's covered in spunk or something..
Yeah, but the suit still looks weird though.
Fun fact, it was because of that show that Super Sentai has giant robots in it.
In other words, there would be no megazords in Power Rangers if it wasn't for Supaidaman.
I AM THE EMISSARY OF HELL
The 70s toku one with the giant robot.
Wake me up when there's a game about japanese Spiderman
Nioh 2 already? Huh.
It's the most inefficient looking umbrella I've ever seen.
And now the weird shit that will warrant hours long analysis videos on youtube.
"Walking simulator is a thing of the past, yo, now it's all about ***Hiking Simulator***"
It... certainly looks like something
hahaha the kojima baby is taking the piss now
"While you were out playing games, I studied the flute"
lol
Oh hey it's that one game people won't shut the hell about.
We Raccoon City again?
Extrusion Tool: The Game
oh... it's Ghost of Tsushima.
It's pretty, I guess.
in text
Trailer starts with "mongol invasion"
If I were in the audience I'd feel like they're wasting my time, but what do I know about E3? I'm watching this just to see what games are being announced.
"it's about putting on a show", it isn't even an interesting show, literally just a guy in a costume playing the flue over a background of grassy plains.
The main character is already wearing the hat, you don't really set the scene for the trailer, that's what the cinematography of the trailer itself is for!
Flute guy was completely pointless!
Cool, it's an asian themed game.
Which was perfectly conveyed by the trailer itself in its first few seconds.
I see this guy in a rice hat playing flute? I have no idea.
Ping me when that happens.
~~Don't, if the character designs are as boring as Kancolle~~
~~I might've if there was a plane girls game~~
I don't play either <:ElfneinDrowning:336656417035517952>
The archer class is really made out of archers.
To be honest I don't see much difference between their "new stance" and what they have already been doing for years, except they're now upfront about not giving a shit.
Not really? I'd reject my humanity and join the robot rebellion in order to become a cool evil cyborg in a heartbeat.
Gosh, Shirabe, you legit freaked me out a little just now.
~~That can only be salvaged if they use the slowbeef Ridley voice~~
<Retsupurae Ridley voice> Gawsh, Samus, you've been working out, haah?
Some cool ports though.
Yakuza for PC, and a fucking Metal Wolf Chaos western release being memed into existence.
Isn't Sekiro more ninja-y?
I haven't seen much of its footage myself, mind you.
All other civs tend to hate me anyway from day one, just because I kill the closest civ at the first oportunity.
Diplomacy hit? What's that?
In the end of the day, it's still about a nerd whose main power is writing names on a notebook.
It kinda makes sense to me, since Death Note isn't an action manga anyway.
inb4 it's Netflix Death Note
Man, fuck those old pundits who keep thinking FPSs make kids violent, it's when I'm playing Civ that I feel the most evil.
I'm still killing a lot of people on my way to taking over the world, but at least I'm not making a huge mess I'm gonna have to clean up myself later.
I used to deploy them heavily, but turns out it's better to save myself from having to worry about cleaning up and repairing my new territory's tiles by simply using bombers and  a fuckton of non nuclear missiles instead.
Huh, interesting, haven't heard of that.
Was it pachinko?
It wasn't, but it sure proves the point there.
why u do dis
>Gurren Lagann
>rusty old mecha show
OWWCH
NO, I'M STILL NOT SALTY ABOUT THAT COMBATTLER PACHINKO WHY DO YOU ASK
Nah, FranXX is big and popular, it'll get more than that.
Now if it were a rusty old mecha show only people in Japan who remember it are salarymen, now that has to be pachinko. It'll be all you'll ever get. With extra cool updated animations just to rub salt on the wound.
Arcsys just wants you to watch this week's episode.
Because.
~~I just wasted time on this
fuck you all
fuck everything~~
Yeah, what about South Dakota, DMJii?
Carpets matching the drapes and all that.
I mean, she's gotta have blue pubes right?
Yeah.
Not yet, just playing 5 every now and there.
Most of them couldn't even get to the frontline in time since it's much easier to just bomb the cities with airplanes/missiles then send in a single unit to take it over once its HP bar is zero'd.
Last time I played 5 it was with Germany.
I had so many fucking military units because of the Furor Teutonicus perk (chance of getting a barbarian unit as your own after clearing a barb camp), I had no choice but throw them at everyone in hopes my force would eventually end up being less massive and unwieldy.
why not
Nuzlocke run SRW
Did you see that ludicrous display last night?
At least there was *something*, I guess.
Be a fan of older mecha shows and you'll get a lot of "oh new animation, and it looks fucking sick I wonder wh-- nevermind it's fucking pachinko"
GAUGAUGAU GAUGAUGAU GAUGAIGAR
Look like coordinates.
Now that's racist! Just kidding.
Of course, but I only heard of him saying something about that, not the crime quote.
Is that what he said? I had only faintly heard of the thing at the time, thought it was just some bog standard "them immigrants gonna ruin our country" shit.
Kinda glad I never really liked the style of his videos anyway.
Oh so that's where the Israel flag girl is from.
There's no meaning, there's no joke, it's just loss.
```been itching to illegal```
<:MikuLewd:336656493606862868>
~~A bit disappointed your reply wasn't just WHOOOOOO but alright, fair enough.~~
Such lust for self promotion
Pretty sure most people cared about From for the first time because of DS.
I've been into Armored Core before DS exploded, but that's because robots. I remember mentioning it to my friends and no one ever heard about it.
Dorothy best girl
~~don't 🚓 me pls~~
I'm playing it now, it's pretty good.
Cute pic.
Already played VC1 a while ago.
Yeah, other than that.
So I downloaded a bunch of PSP isos tonight for some reason.
Which weeb game do I play first?
1. Valkyrie Profile
2. Trails in the Sky
3. Star Ocean
4. Valkyria Chronicle 2
5. Jeanne D'arc
Wait, no, the other one.
```Windows 7 compatibility mode, on Windows 7```
Makes sense.
How's the PC port anyway?
I hear it's not great.
HARAKIKI BLADE
Cute robot girl, nice.
Why is there no Kancolle but with airplanes yet?
I'd actually consider playing that.
Which is like, guns but as anime grils, I believe.
Girls Frontline I think?
All I hear about the new one is how bad it is.
Wedding dress means whatever as long as it's white and frilly, right?
Is that a wedding dress?
...shita?
But do you have the Suwako hat?
That's important.
The cleavage that matters is the cleavage of her heart!
From Israel or something.
Isn't that food?
>furry nose
uh, uh...
Alright then, I misunderstood.
Oh, again
Oh
How bad is the poorly explained namedrops, in a scale of 0 to The Dragorol is at Gabujuju?
Ooh, fingerless gloves.
Nice.
can she be lewded?
She's cute robot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80XAJKqRU9k
So cool and stylish, and that soundtrack, hnnnng, I wanna have its babies.
Zero is my personal favorite.
Yup, that's the strong point of AC alright.
Not the best AC by a long shot but at least it isn't Assault Horizon.
Ye
But then again I'd rather have a janky facsimile of great gameplay than no gameplay at all.
>AC Joint Assault
Voice acting would certainly be better, so good...?
I've heard of it, but never knew much about it.
I'm not a MMO guy anyway.
what's maple story
```Describe this kick```
Ministry of silly walks.
System Shock 2 is pretty darn good.
~~is this loss~~
Good old GTASA mods, the apex of human evolution.
~~Same with Josuke and Crazy Diamond's powers, I couldn't help myself.~~
~~I'm sorry.~~
A zone for fucking?
There's a fucking zone in that game?
"a glorified chat room with guns"
IRL, but in America?
FGO already bully themselves to bankrupcy.
Along with the F-2, of course.
And AC7 is also gonna have the F-15J, even thought the basic staple F-15C is already there.
Meanwhile, for example, nearly every Ace Combat game must have at the very least the F-2
as you do
I seriously hope so.
I hope that indoor pool is beer.
Ace Combat 04
I wish
~~gimme the release date to AC7 already bamco~~
Reminds me of how some fundies over here said Doom is satanic by merely depicting demons, even though, they're you know, the enemy, much like in their own sermons where they won't stop yelling about demons and how everything but themselves is demon propaganda.
I understand Germany's attempt at curbing nazi representation in media and stuff, but it kinda undermines the purpose of nazis in videogames, aka being the finest and least controversial things to shoot with guns this side of demons.
Best Konosuba girl
I haven't played that one yet, but heard about it recently and got hooked by the name alone.
Will probably play it once I can play with my PS2 again.
And they're all like games, full games, you get it once bam, it's the full experience, no more added expenses needed, that's extraordinary.
The PS2 has such an amazing library, you can play it for years and still find some hidden gems for it.
It's like a 3D fighting game of sorts, where you fight with giant monsters/robots, and there's lots of fun environmental interactions, and a great 50s B movie aesthetic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW1DAZbOuTk
You know what was a fun ass underrated game on the PS2?
War of the Monsters.
Like that one fat guy in Fist of the North Star.
The jiggliness absorbs all the impact of any attack.
Distraction tactics!
It's tactical!
I'm already creeped out, Shirabe.
So if you rarely go outside anyway, you're supposed to actually go out on a friday the 13th?
Remember when publishers didn't get billions of dollars from a single game, so we had variety in genres and stuff?
>The Culling 2
I saw a video of that. If you showed me screenshots of it without context I'd just assume that's PUBG running on a shitty PC with all settings on low.
I barely even have money for real games.
I do not want that fate.
If you folks ever see me getting into gacha, just kill me.
Seriously, drive all the way to Brazil and put me down, since it'll be already too late, okay?
Fighter planes.
I just want a game that caters to my specific military hardware fetish, is that hard?
Yeah, me too.
Eh, I know I'm being annoying. Go have fun with your stuff, you do you, I'm out.
You're welcome.
I don't like muting this channel because of when the occasional real game is being discussed.
I wish discord had an system that muted channels only when gacha stuff is being heavily discussed.
>musical shitposting
You're playing vaporwave there?
The gargoyles were WAY easier than they were hyped up to be.
Like, the fight was over before I even noticed it.
I had Solaire with me though.
Actually not the first first time, but I'm playing it for real now, and got the furthest this time.
So I'm playing this weird obscure japanese game called Dark Souls for the first time.
I just want a shortcut back to Firelink.
No, to the right of the lava lake, there's an initial capra there, then following along the ledge you get to those ruins with like half a dozen capras waiting to wreck you.
Oh god so many ~~Capra Demons~~ goat bois that way.
Oh right, forgot to post, the cheesing worked in the end. Turns out you have to aggro Unstoppable Leakage by grabbing the armor set in order to trigger its clumsy death.
I tried aggroing him from the walkway betwwen him and the fog gate and ran torwards it, he just vomited fire at me until I died.
Do it.
I've skimmed through some tips, but I'm more interested in getting to a shortcut back to the surface as swiftly as possible.
Fucking `Ceaseless Discharge`
Defeated Kellogg's (actually the summoned spirit singlehandedly did it for me, I could only line up for the final hit), and I had a fit of puerile giggling when I found out the name of the lava boss after her.
I was just playing Poorly Lit Spirits just now.
OrchestroCog is a great anime.
`Kiki`
I mean, the general Blighttown/Kellogg's/Demon Ruins area.
I meant Blighttown.
That's why I wanna get off this shithole already.
Yeah, I know that.
No, I haven't fought Kenan and Kel yet.
Anor Londo in general.
Nevermind, I found my way.
The "background part of the scenery that's actually where you're supposed to walk on" thing will keep happening here, won't it?
I'm a bit lost now, no idea where to go.
~~Anor Londo.~~
Finally.
Oh boy, here I am in Anal London.
0/10 too round
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
I'm a very mature grown up adult.
I love backstabbing larger enemies since it looks like you're shoving your sword right up their ass.
Oh yeah, that, I'm not looking forward to that.
I read that earlier, it involves Anor Londo and the black orb thingy she dropped.
The mute lady under the bonfire gets killed so I have to go after Lautrec and invade him I guess?
Earlier it was Poorly Lit Spirits.
Oh, just joking around with the name.
Mod?
Meanwhile in Lightless Ghosts, fug, my Firelink bonefire is gone and apparently I need to go to Anor Londo for that and I don't know where to get there. It's via Sen's Fortress right?
Fuck those silver guys.
Oh I'm being trounced by giant arrows that are like half of my height, are those the archers?
Fuck I hate those lanky naked gargoyle things with the electric lances.
But the part I was stuck in just now was the bridge with the gargoyle, that you have to go to the staircase behind it then walk on top of the architecture arch thingie so you'll proceed to the big hall with the hazmat suit guys

Run with shift, plot twist it's actually classic Doom.
Also, if downwards double jumping is indeed allowed, I love to do a double jump in the end of a big drop as if to simulate a spaceship's landing jets, even if I don't need or I'll get fall damage anyway.
Bottom path.
I hate when games don't allow double jumping when you're going down.
🤔
~~Come to think about it I was introduced to retsupurae with that video, posted on a Symphogear thread for some reason years ago.~~
Oh god the quadcopter.
But you can have a compiller.
To quadnary.
So you can have a 4 dimensional operating system.
Also something about Z buffers?
Oh yeah, he does.
Clealy Alice is in the pocket of Big Binary.
But if we add more to binary it's faster right?
It's so great, with the Kickstarter guy rambling on and on with technobabble and slowbeef having a seizure.
Why wait? THE FUTURE IS NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVhHNVguMWo
OH my god, 500 megabytes.
My heart skipped a beat.
So you can say this Sea of Thieves is *absorbing*?
dragon showed me the rules once I got overwhelmed halfway through and felt like a dum dum. <:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>

It is a series of games...?
I remember how its pre-order shenanigans were among the first anything announced to the public about it.
I tried googling that but all I got was unrelated stuff since reventa means resale, specially ticket scalping, in spanish, apparently.
I'm at the part in Dimly Illuminated Ghosts where you go into a painting and have to face Fluffy Tail at the end.
I can just not kill her right?
BACK IN MY DAY YOU GOT THE WHOLE GAME FROM DAY ONE
YOU DARN KIDS, GET OFF MY FACING WORLDS
I need to get a lawn so I can yell at kids to get off it.
BACK IN MY DAY...
You couldn't do that kind of shit while confined in a PS2's DVD disc.
Oh man I'm sounding like such an old man right now.
"eh, we'll finish this game later"
It shouldn't have to.
It doesn't have to.
Fucking Unreal Tournament, a game older than a lot of people over here, and I can still boot it up and play it online with people whenever I want.
Also if a game doesn't make as much money as the publishers expected it to it gets completely killed and you can never play it ever again, sometimes a couple of years after the fact.
Always on was a mistake.
So it's now pay-to-pay-some-more I guess.
It's like taking the constant revenue system of free-to-play and bolting on top of already premium games because "we're literally too poor to make games!" or whatever.
If you look at games from the PS2 era it gets more clear how far they managed to push as far as monetization and excuses to get more money on top of the $60 goes. It's a tired as fuck metaphor, but frog in boiling water and stuff.
Fifa players were already used to it.
That's the thing with these practices. The lootboxes only blew up like they did because that time EA pushed a little too far beyond the usual pushing.
My money is on monetized graphics options.
Can't wait for them to come up with the next shitshow of a cashgrab so the lootbox shit starts looking fine in comparison.
Not yet, anyway.
Battlefrienldt
and Battle<something>
Spoiler alert: not happening. They only release like 2 games of their most long term profitable franchises per year now.
EA? Oh no.
hey yo
The future seemed so bright for the PS2 era...
The thought of TS3 being a relic of a time bygone by having like a hundred multiplayer characters plus a full singleplayer campaign and lots of content while still being a single purchase makes me really sad.
Oh man Timesplitters was great fun.
Again. People don't raise a stink about that anymore, it's become acceptable compared to other shit that came later.
Yeah, fuck that shit too in particular.
Because that fucking worked.
Seriously though, whoever first came up with the idea of taking stuff like bonus skins, that was unlocked via gameplay or cheat codes, and turning it into stuff you have to buy, is a evil clever bastard.
Eh, yeah.
I used to browse /m/ a lot, which benefitted from the biggest crossover it had with other boards was being mistaken for /mu/ (the music board) every now and then. But then by 2016 I kinda saw the writing on the wall that /pol/ would only get worse, louder and more prone to leaking into other boards so I'd only go there occasionally, if at all, to check on some things.
