Ye
Gay panic Hibiki face emote?
Very fair, good points
I mention user creation since it could also fill the role for fanfic ideas not pertaining to Gear, but that could also be fairly niche in hindsight
Ah, very fair
Like say I wanted to talk about the Game of Thrones books or something
Would it make sense to suggest a "Writing/Literature" channel to discuss books/fanfic ideas not pertaining to Symphogear? Or would that be a bit redundant since we do have User Creation to fill a similar gap?
Very nice
https://tenor.com/view/kaela-kovalskia-pog-shocked-gif-25207116
Agreed
So I bit of cheeky self promotion on my end, but I have a short story for any fans of fantasy out there. It's not long (around like twenty pages) with some sketches done by me at the end. Cover art was done by a friend, I had done it around a year ago so while I think it's one of my better bits I plan to do more in the future. https://twitter.com/Lumino28/status/1321386652661653505
Thanks man XD I've only been at it for a few years but you know what they say, practice makes perfect
I don't draw very well, but I draw
Looking nice!
I like the spy show
Cute
Made the arm a bit better, was too short
Like the first thing I've drawn in weeks, imma just make OC's when I have nothing else to draw
Drew Eldar
I may have a thing for knight women
Biker girl

Thanks!
First time trying something beyond a general static pose
Tried making a previous draw a bit more three dimensional
Had been wanting to draw this guy for years now
Appreciated
Whelp first 3D render in forever
Very fair, hoping to get better with time
Appreciated, I'm mainly just trying to enjoy the process but man do I feel like trash with what I output sometimes XD
https://twitter.com/Lumino28/status/1591213419105259520
Getting back into drawing again
Made Pokemon
Correct
I make vase
Probably not, this is mainly just practice
I make Star Wars model
Not innacurrate XD
Pfff XD
Trying to nail a solid body is a little tricky, but I feel I'm getting somewhere
Zubat render
Good stuff
Big sun demon man with far more lore in mind than I possess drawing ability
First thing sketched in a good while now
Slowly but surely I'm making a hill house
Looking nice!
I'm trying to go for a more cell-shading idea. The grass itself will need some tweaking most likely
Thanks, been trying to do some basic cell shading with them
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1036959675259822090/1067883436536254565/Screenshot_2023-01-25_190606.png?width=1141&height=671
Texturing scares me
Thanks!
Took a few tutorials and messing about, but I've managed it so far
Yep
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1036959675259822090/1067485455945318441/Screenshot_2023-01-24_164427.png?width=1220&height=671
Work on the hill house continues
<:MillaarcSmile:672845884135833610>
Absoloutley
<:MillaarcV:673239269036392526>
Like love and hate
Cute and cool are two sides of the same coin
Oooooh, fun
Nice stuff 👍
Yeah yeah, always more that can be added, def doing a good job so far tho!
Fair fair, ngl that model looks fantastic
It's def a lot of trial and error
Nice! Looking good so far 👍
Thanks! Got the proof of concept for the dude down now
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/662482925534838795/1071818113747787808/Screenshot_2023-02-05_154204.png
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/662482925534838795/1071817689112256563/Screenshot_2023-02-05_154018.png
Ooof
Looking nice!
Blender lighting
It looks neat 👌
Nice nice
<:MikuExcited:738174629251907594>
Oh heck yeah, nice to hear
Nice!
Or Buster Note
If they don't I suggest Lyrical Nova




Fourze is fun



Good idea
First I'm hearing of it as well, I've had to use streaming sites for everything, especially the kinda recent movies
Crud
And so an entire magical girl franchise was born that expanded way beyond the original Triangle Heart VN
Aye, when Fate entered it was locked in
Pretty much yeah
Honestly no clue, I know Nanoha was considered to end up with Chrono, then at one point Yuno, but all that came crashing down when Fate entered XD
Agreed XD A fun thought to think Alisa's a vampire
The original with Chrono then got made into an anime, Fate was introduced, and Nanoha was never the same again
Nanoha herself was the little sister of the Triangle Heart protagonist, basically it was Kaleid Liner way, way before it happened
It's because the original version of it was part of a spin-off set of audio dramas called the Lyrical Toybox
Love it
Forgive me it's been ages since I've seen A's or Strikers
Oh true
Best choice

Niceu
Yep that sounds like it!
I think so yeah
Most recent I remember is one series where they were all in some kind of battle arena
Got into it a lot as a child, amazing it's still going fandom-wise
Oh damn, intriguing
Damn that vid is wholesome, did they tease it with some new toy recently?
Bionicle…now that’s not a name I’ve heard in a long long time

I feel old
<:KanadeWink:690470895608791040>
Ooooh, got it 👍
Ooooh, you may be correct

Waifu Ragna, never knew I needed it until now
Damn that's a lot of good Vivid art 👍
Aaaagggghhh that's nostalgic, good ol' ZX
The Great Devourer bows to Kirby, primogenitor of the Hive Mind

Ppfftt, poor Lancer XD
Ppppfffttt XD

Very
Mayakuro dominates all XD
Ooooh, a knight! Heck yes 👌

Agreed


Oooooh, will do!
I will be saving all of these
**Yes**
~~Do not worry, I do~~
My waifu may be the rooster
Maid 👀
I am loving all of these
Nice nice

Indeed, no clue what inspired it but I am all for it

Ooooh, sweet
Ooooh, is that Eighty Six?
Yes
Agreed
Hells yeah!
Wonderful!
Cute
All wonderful qualities 👌
I knew I liked her but didn't realise I loved her til I got here
Welcome to the rooster cult XD Same here honestly
Indeed!
More rooster is always appreciated
Yes
<:KanadeWink:690470895608791040>
Oh there's no way they can't XD
Ooooh, nice!
Plus it'd fit given how Maria is Asagi here
Most likely yeah
Ver can be used as an easy justification to make all kinds of monsters
Oh very true, then yeah either one of those
Though who would be Oboro? Fine/Rinko?
Yeah heck it this is going on the list XD
I have an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other XD
I can and will write this...you know once I get to the seven other ideas
Goddamnit don't give me ammunition to imagine how said story would go, my imagination can and will run wild XD
Taimanin Gear....yes, works way too well

The Akira reference fits Basa so well
Wonderful XD
Kirika the unkindled XD
Can't say I've seen much of them, but what I have seen looks awesome!
Fair fair
Honestly fair enough XD Been there before
Neato
"How About After Work?" right?
Cute
Fair fair honestly XD
Ooooh, nice!
Okay that's adorable XD
May one request sight? 👀
Is there art of her?
Cute
When Kanade died she became a Tarnished XD
Man this streamer AU just writes itself XD
They use them to transform and do magic stuff so it's like a card holder
It's to hold cards
Working my way through the VN rn, fun time
Fair enough XD I watched it right after UBW was done and man was it quite the tonal shift
Kaleid Liner Prisma Maria XD
Wonderful Yor
Yorktown may be my fave
We do love Yor
"Like, the Zwei Wing concert was totes lame."
Gal bikki, never something I expected to see XD
Would reccomend
Ooooh, lovely!
Very cool 👌
It is a glorious concept
Teacher Nozomi is never something I knew I needed until now
Super nice 👌
Yah, maybe, and got like twice as much like them in that time
If memory serves me correct yes
Nice!
Evil bikki be like
Yas
I don't know what we consider this AU but I like it
Fits strangely well
Aye, seems like a combo of both their styles
Those are awesome
It's cute
Oooooh, this is all awesome!
Ooooh, that suit fits her well
https://tenor.com/view/ai-hayasaka-hayasaka-kaguyasama-love-is-war-gif-18640688
Ditto XD
She's awesome
https://tenor.com/view/me-too-me-too-kid-incredibles-gif-19919940
Ppfftt XD Glorious
Oh certainly, suppose more just as a fun what-if idea
Still, a full on villainess Maria is a fun idea
Aye
Not a bad point honestly, some time and solo-focus could do them some good
Honestly fair
But would evil Maria maintain her massive girl crush on Tsubasa?
https://tenor.com/view/carnival-phantasm-anime-nod-yes-agree-gif-10883460
Agreed
Same
Yeah that's fair XD
Aaah, neat
Is it common?

This is all adorable and I love it
Gotcha, appreciated
Noted, haven't used that feature before XD
Oh certainly, I can see the hype behind adult Serena now

Nana
It's so cute
Aaaaaahhh I love it
This is true, stacked and tall
~~I forget how well endowed she is compared to the others at times~~
Fair fair, still looks sweet
Accurate
It's fine I save every Kanade pic that comes on here
Oooh, nice nice
Agreed
Oh that is wonderful <:HibikiGay:670494484701773845>
Awesome!
Ooooh, awesome!
Someone say Kanade stuff?
I still wanna see "Nana Daiba is more than a cutie."
Same energy
https://tenor.com/view/shikimori-gif-25251680
https://tenor.com/view/revue-starlight-nana-daiba-nana-nana-revue-starlight-kaosi-gif-24245568
Oooooh, wonderful Nanoha and Fate dresses
Yes 😤
Agreed
How is that even possible??
Oh massively
Indeed, honestly a lot of the original MV's are neat
Oh yeah, dig it
Honestly I dig those proto designs
Albeit kinda intriguing
<:YumiStare:688429724065988721>
Oh mama
Oh awesome


Tag: Harem
Ooooooh, nice
Ooooooh, neat
Lol
Oh right XD
Likely yeah
Maya is glorious
Nice stuff
Niiiiiice!
Oooooh, nice
Supremely so
Ooooh, fair
Incredibly so <:MariaBliss:688836867390439585>
👀 Good stuff
Pfff XD
Sammme, it just fits her way, way too well
World needs more of it tbh
It will be *fun*
Daamn, neato
Hells ye
Same, played the heck outta it when it came out
Visual novel, watched the anime a while back
Apparently ReWrite is on Steam now, so may get it
<:MariaBliss:688836867390439585>
Heck this is story material just waiting to happen
Same, I really gotta check that event out
Phantom thief is *good*
**Yes**
Agreed
Damn these are good Maria's
Nice
Oooooh, yes!

Nice <:MikuExcited:738174629251907594>
Happy to hear XD
Ooooooh, gotcha
This a fanfic/fan comic?
Very cute
Ooooh, this is cute
Ooooooh, that's kickass!
Nice 👌
So I found out Elden Ring yuri is a thing, neat
<:MikuExcited:738174629251907594>
Yah
Swimmer girl
I'm more a Kanan guy myself
Claudine and Maya, nice
It is a fave
Fair XD
Oh Katarina, nice
That's a good point actually
<:KanadeLewd:690470896174891008> "On this day I have discovered a new fetish, adventurous Basa."
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089> "I have been replaced...by myself.
Even more fascinating
Ooooh, fascinating
Oh sweet, thanks
Well now, what's this Chris' story?
Oooooh, that's sweet
Fantastic
Ooooh, awesome
I shall give these a watch, thank you
Lol, that'd be fun
Huh, fascinating
Wow I was not expecting it to be that popular XD
I...huh, alrighty was not expecting that to be a thing XD
Huh, that's not something you see often
Oh damn, nice
Oooooh, nice Junna
Oh my XD
Nice
Nice
Agreed
Nice
Nice
<:MikuCute:672908542763859968>
Yorktown
Oooooooooooooooooooooooh 👀
Nice 👌


Ohoho

Aaaah, brutal
Pretty much
Good spot
Oooooh, true
Rinne you artistic soul
Thank you
The day the sun set forever
Aaaah, well there we go
Alternatively Miku could be a good red hood figure
Now we're talking
Beat her black and blue with a crowbar, blow her up, some hole in reality revives her and we get an arc out of it
Or they've Jason Todd'd her
And we can *always* have more trauma
Maybe a robot limb as well
We know with examples like Val Verde SONG fight foreign threats, they could think she's dead, while whatever paramilitary they were battling is off making her the Summer Soldier
Alternatively they've Bucky'd her
Incineration
Probably couldn't bring back the body
I think it's after that actually, sword's holding a broken relic which I assume is Hibiki's
Brutal, I like it
Or Shegs
Otherwise known as Shemcest or ShemTR


Wise choice XD

Lol nice
Pretty much all cartoons in a nutshells when it comes to shipping fuel

That suit fits her well

Oooooh, nice
Well this is a crossover I never knew I wanted
Thank yooooooou

Niiiiiiiice
Cute
Ooooooh, nice
It is gooooood
Ooooh, true
The design is super nice
I like it
Yah
If you could make an AU Miku distinct from the original, how would you do it?
Starlight Kanade, neat
Honestly the idea of a Gugnir Basa AU is kinda of a fun one
Nice
Holy-
And pray that which lurks from Gods eyes does not find us first
So we must explore
The ocean is as dense as space
We'll find Atlantis eventually
Now we explore the desolate and dense ruins of a labyrinth of our own design
Frak
Frakin eclipse
Thing is I don't know if it's an effective way to get to pics now
Laggy, deep ruins
Going through them is going to be like exploring ruins
It is pain
https://tenor.com/view/dodgeball-cotton-bold-strategy-ocho-gif-7483420
Fraking DA nddjfdkjgvkfgf,gsdlfslaslddsdfksdlkgjrlc
Yeah remove searching favourites, great idea
Bloody tell me about it
Truuuue
Best boy
Great character art tho
Unfortunate
Just have her bed the blonde, problem solves <:KanadeRooster:336659950258356227>
https://tenor.com/view/star-wars-theres-always-a-bigger-fish-the-phantom-menace-gif-15951236
I guarantee you I'm probably weirder so don't worry about it
It's hard for me to picture Shirabe possessing a desire for wanton slaughter
Oooooh, awesome
That'd be cute

Typed in Celtic Knight and got some pretty interesting ones
Gotcha
Appreciated
Sauce?
Certainly fun to mess about with
Freaking *love* it
SMBZ art
Nice
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Nice nice
Same same, if he does i will do that fanfic idea, at least as a proof of concept
Nice nice
I'm still considering that fic idea
It is glorious


Pfff
Oooooh, cool
Kal'tsit is great
Cute
I like
Oooooooo
Massively
Megaman Gungnir
Oooooh, that's fun
That's not something you see every day
Oh my
It cute
It's probably the first actual birthday they've experienced
Ooooooh, cool
Same same
Armor good
Yeeeeeees
<:MikuExcited:738174629251907594>
Magi stuff, not often you see it, nice
Ooooh, that’s cool
Gear and Fire Emblem vibes go so well together
Niiiice
That design is *quite* neat
Clearly that's Mahiru
Cute
I believe we'd call that Shemcest
Oh I didn't even notice lol
So just normal Shem-Ha? <:ShemHaSmile:688429721758990545>
Oooooh, that's a good one
Pfff, accurate XD
Ooooooooooh, nice!

<:MariaSmile:688836869550768233>
Ooooooooooooo
I like this look


Well that just makes this even more confusing XD
Becomes buds with a facist
Yukine Chris, the character we know
So wait Chris....befriends a Nazi?
Agreed
What's next deep earth Stalinists?
I'm amazed that exists
What an austere combination
I'll admit I have not seen that one yet
........it is?
Man XDU gets bold
True, but now I'm curious
Are they actually Nazis? Or is this like a Zeon/Empire from Star Wars where they're it in all but name?
Never thought I'd see the words moon and nazi in the same sentence but here we are
Oh but of course, Mars, why didn’t we think of that XD
Whelp, that’s an interesting chapter in things
Adding that to the list of things I never thought I'd hear in my life
Okay well thank goodness there was no cooperation there XD
Oh so it's like FMA but lame
The amount of OC x canon character ones I've seen can attest to that
Shipping a character is a titantic tree with too many branches
But you get what I mean
Well I don't mean it literally
Doesn't make it sensible
Two characters exchange a glance and it's true love
Shipping be like that
Well
Oh thank God
Cause I really wanna know why SONG would be working with them
This feels like something that requires the mother of all context
Like why does the former slave grow fond of a mini-fascist?
I mean more in general
And why does Chris like him?
So I found these a while ago, I believe it's the same artist who did the main artwork for Megaman Zero

Cuuuute
Accurate
Stylish
Very
https://tenor.com/view/heyitscaleb-caleb-men-gif-26087972
The lad
*Yeeeeeeeees*
Niiiiiiiice
Oooooooooo
Hope it all goes well
Yeetus, same same
<:ZweiHug:672455346949980170>
Fair fair, stuck in the North myself
Actually I probably shouldn't ask that in public XD
Whoo! North or South?
Oh actually? Kickass
I heard we were mustering the fight to the enemy and so I was summoned
Yas
Ditto
Like that'd just be cruel
I mean I feel with that one is an open and shut case. Even if there is some grain of truth I'm not gonna risk walking up to some defector who went through hell to escape only for some random white dude to accuse them of being an agent of the evil oligarchs
Because like every other day is another video linked explaining the evils of the West and how apparently North Korean defectors are just paid to say that stuff to undermine poor North Korea
Like I'm not crazy right? Like this is dumb how hard they're now leaning into this idea
Like yeah the US aint perfect, I don't think anyone's gonna go claim that. But there's a fine line between America and everything China and Russia are doing
Yeah that's thing
Also they apparently think communist countries just never invade places
Very fair, I'll stick with Tankie then
So like the really extreme left?
Oooooh
Tankie?
For the past few weeks I've been watching a friend go from "Yeah Iran was pretty bad" to "America is a fascist oligarchy dictatorship that's no better than modern day Russia", flavoured with 'revelations' on how great the Soviet Union apparently was and how China totally has the right idea. Like I tried to prevent it but it just didn't work and now I'm beginning to worry. 
Like maybe I shouldn't, at the end of the day his values are his own and I shouldn't impose but I can't help but get the impression they're going down a dark road.
Honestly fair
Same, I get the appeal of marxism and I can get why people subscribe to it, if you do good for you we all have our own viewpoints. But I just don't trust it at the end of the day
Both pretty correct
I don't really think I agree but fair enough, anyway I've dragged this on long enough, thanks for hearing me out
Especially since he now thinks the US and UK are dictatorships, like I have no sympathy for the UK don't get me wrong but even I have to tilt my head at that one
True, and again I don't think anyone's going to argue it's a problem. It just baffles me how quickly it went from "America bad" to "They're now just as bad as Russia right now"
I don't really have the knowledge or the energy to comment on that one. I just can't help but worry about him with how quickly this is going. I'm very much of the opinion that while America has it's bad points there's a big difference between it and Russia/China, but that could just be a me thing
Well that's the funny thing, he's one of the "Bring the USSR back" communists
Right? Like this should be obvious, I don't know maybe this was inevitable. He's an impressionable dude and we have another guy in our friend group who is a hardcore communist and makes sure we know it
There is no solution here I just kinda wanted to vent cause of how drastic this turn feels, I worry about him. He's a nice guy but he's taking the anti-american coolaid to a bygone extreme and I worry for him
One meet up we were talking about Digimon, the next he's telling me how all that stuff I heard about those atrocities is just "western propaganda"
Like it just baffles me, and this happened like over a few weeks, not years
That's the thing, it all has the trappings of one. It's always "them" whether it's the evil oligarchs or just "the west", conspiracy theories always have a "them" that's responsible because it's such a flexible idea
Hilariously I don't think anyone's disagreeing on the core matter here, this is just the incredibly difficult and dire situation war creates
We have that down at least
Whelp my mates have now entered the stage of "Most of those negative things about China are just western propaganda and anyone who does criticise it is just using it to voice their racism."
That's what unnerves me, they've jumped deep down this rabbit hole, what started as socialism has now become the extreme end of communism
I'm certainly considering it
Maybe, I don't wanna be mean, they're still my mates, But like what am I supposed to say to them saying "man we should bring back the USSR", I'm just at a loss for words
Like they've spent the past two weeks doing nothing but talking about all the evils of the western world and how we need to unite with our fellow workers and overthrow the ruling class and I just don't know how this happened so fast
And like every other day they're ensuring we all know about it
Maybe I'm panicking where I shouldn't be, I've just not seen such a sheer left turn in viewpoint manifest so quickly before
Well yeah of course, but they make it sound like these oligarchs literally control everything and that places like China are somehow free of this.
Well yeah of course, but there's a difference between corruption and a downright dictatorship
I honestly have no idea as to the specific source, they've just been getting really into Marx
It's just crazy to see. Within like two weeks they've both gone face first into the whole idea the west capitalist elites are responsible for everything wrong with the world and that the US and the UK are somehow dictatorships
Indeed
And then they're saying those censorships are really for the good of everyone to prevent reactionary ideas from spreading and nothing else
Yep, though I raise my eyebrow when they say the people in Hong Kong trust their government
It's been it's gimmick for ages
I feel X-Men does this every time a new series happens XD
Basically if there's no conflict there's no drive and if there's no drive we stagnate and would never stand up for something worth standing up for
Alright, nervous for exam let's go
Agreed
Vatican stop, you're making Catholics look bad, bad Vatican
Population wise I mean
Small place
Whelp we've figured the issue guys, Activision has solved all problems with diversity. I move that we now all use this nifty diagram religiously 😤
Goddamnit, I was hoping he'd cause it's collapse
I feel internet responses to these things is the cosmic embodiment of the idea that when you only have a hammer every problem starts looking like a nail
Basically textbook for annihilation
Oooh, yeah pretty much
Snow?
Make it so nothing can grow, leave it as dust and ash
Not to mention it can serve as a good jumping off point for further missions
Lol
It all kinda drops off after Harambe and Donkey Kong
Alas, they shall be remembered as the worlds....I don't know 7th most well known monkey?
Such great literary potential lost, never to see the light of an animated production
I need them too so I gotta think twice before I start advocating for wholesale genocide
The Troubles didn't just happen out of nowhere
They've been riled up for a hundred years now
Man I know things don't look perfect, especially for someone in your position. And yeah things aren't great in the Republic, gonna take a while to get there. But trust me you *don't* wanna be under British rule
Yeah, yikes
The closer this stuff ends and my friends don't have to worry about getting death threats for being Irish the better in my eyes
Trust me as someone who's lived here, bad things happen here all the time because of this constant towing between two sides
All of our issues stemmed *because* of this, not without it
This has been a hornets nest for a while, this is the solution to calming it down
If British people get pissed that Ireland is owned by Irish people then that's their issue, every country has minority populations, this is no different
What about them? We've been gaining an Irish majority here for a while
Also means less civil violence over here
How so? All it would mean is NI isn't affected by Brexit anymore and we can actually teach our language again
I'm just hoping we unify as soon as possible, cause rn our government is about as functional as Tsubasa's luck
Honestly fair play
Certainly matters more where you are than it does here XD
It's probably a case by case basis. It's hard for me to have a 'both sides' mentality when one side thinks they literally own you
Lol
Even if I am guilty of doing that myself
Immensely so
Hell our own history may as well be that embodied
Incredibly so
Is that not just all politics nowadays?
Everyone will find some way to antagonist the group they hate, just a fact of todays world
https://tenor.com/view/mate-cheers-demoman-gif-18514440
I will fulfil my dream of being the TF2 Demoman one day 😤
Damn, will have to keep that in mind if I ever need TNT XD
There's like five online shops I used to use that just don't deliver here anymore
Brexit also likely doesn't help
Probably yeah
*Huh*, the more you know
It can?
I don't know about that one, shouldn't be as far as I'm aware
It's in demand XD
We're like 90% countryside so yes
Aye
Understandable, my guess is you wouldn't have any since your values are your own and I do think you need citizenship to vote. But I could also be wrong
I'm not too sure on the specifics of that myself, but I believe so
What do you mean?
Man I love that scene
Right?? Like it'd be exactly like that XD
But I do chuckle at the thought of France and Germany coming to our aid to settle centuries long grudges
Yee, I mean either way we'd be boned
It would be the mother of all bad moves on their part
Probably not no
Potentially, but no one thought Russia would either, real life is often stranger than fiction
Plus their entire diplomatic credibility would shatter
You say that, but there's no way the entire EU wouldn't leap at the chance to get back at them
Which would be quite the spicy alternate history
Unless Britain decides to pull a Russia and invade the Republic
Pretty much
Yeah, sounds stupid don't it? XD
They believe they're always under attack and need to strike back before "their" land is taken
It's a siege mentality
Yeah didn't prevent our everything
Like we had an entire civil rights movement and everything XD
And if you start voicing support for a united Ireland you get sent bullets in the mail
Well about sixty or so years ago neither you or I would be able to vote here
But it's better that doing literally nothing and letting a stalemate that has caused nothing but problems persist
Oh of course not, this isn't an instant fix
They do, but England doesn't care about them
Who else would I be referring too? XD
Yes
Oh no yeah no way it'll be that soon XD I mean like next decade
Part of the reason they're so riled up is because they think they're under attack. They know the UK doesn't care about them and that the natives are god forbid, sick of being discriminated against
Yeah there's def gonna be some tension, but it's not like a second civil war is gonna erupt. We're prolly have a brief period of tension here in NI and once that's done the world will move on
I get ya
Pretty much
As much as it shouldn't be
Pretty much, politics is a battlefield in many ways
It was never going to be perfect, it's a slow process, always has been. There's always going to be contrarions, the old guard who don't want change. But just because change is a little at a time doesn't mean it didn't happen
I did for a time too, but I'm also in none of the groups it did affect, it's easy to not see it when they don't directly affect you.
*That* didn't help matters at all
Especially since we're still in COVID's aftermath
With any luck it will, nothing's perfect. And change is never immediate, but it will never worked if it's forced like say China. The change in the west may be slow, but it's real, at least what we've made so far.
On the plus side it could always be worse
Aye, it's def something that needs to be worked on
I def wanna get out more myself anyway
Understandable, always good to see more of the world
~~Also you know if we could unite before this place rips itself apart that would be nice, but I know some hopes are more realistic than others~~
It's sucky, like really sucky. But the best we can do is focus on working from there. And with any luck, we'll get there, it's just a matter of growing. We're still trying to find our place in the world
Yeah exactly, we've only been independent for a hundred years now, that's barely anything
Pretty much, our economy is much better than it was before, but we are still recovering from an incredibly taxing civil war
But if you look at say America, things are much better than they were before. Perfect? Of course not, far from it. But progress is progress
And those are certainly valid, but those aren't exclusive to Ireland. A lot of first world countries have those issues, change can be made but it won't be an instant process, never has been
Trust me I know it don't look perfect, far from it, but it's much better than it was a hundred years ago
Consider it a benefit from living in the South
Same, point is it's not a be all end all solution, we still had a massive conflict fuelled by guns laws or not
Oh horrifically so
Which then overlaps with drug cartels
Not really, it just made a giant black market paramilitaries now exploit the hell out of
I mean like I hate to be that guy but we had gun laws, didn't stop our *everything* from happening
The North anyway
We were half a step from having them here
Imma take this with a big grain of salt but it is good to see if it's genuine https://www.reddit.com/r/UkraineAnxiety/comments/v07ob9/russia_wont_use_tactical_nuclear_weapons_in/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3
Aye
The good Friday agreement has practically been undone but that doesn’t mean I should give up on unification
I never said it was a straight line, my point is just because setbacks happen doesn’t mean progress hasn’t
Yeah to me or Vyn?
Just yesterday there was a giant conglomerate of people celebrating Britains "ownership" of this island, the fact that this mentality still exists in such a state can easily make you lose hope. But these people are never the only people, never have been.
I don't blame you, like I really don't, I see this place as much the same most of the time. But if I give up on hoping it can get better then nothing will ever get anywhere.
I can def see what people mean, but I can also imagine a lot of movements in history feeling the exact same way when they were at this stage. I don't think it's worth giving up on anyway, especially in exchange for alternatives history has proven fickle at best.
Yee
Honestly I did the same yesterday
Lol
Tis me
Yes
Man by this logic they'd need to be wearing power armour before coming here XD
More salt than a competitive League player generates in a year
Like an entire salt cann
Just the biggest pints of salt
Aaaaah, okay gotcha
Okay dumb move, noted
Imma take what small solace I can anyway
<:ZweiHug:672455346949980170>
Appreciated, I'll give it some thought and shoot one your way if I need to
Aye
Thanks, I’ll be good. Suppose some self reflection is in order
You’re probably right, thanks I just needed to get that out somewhere you know
Honestly this probably isn’t the best place to dump it all, apologies
Or if maybe I just make people uncomfortable naturally
Like I just don’t know if I’m the asshole or not
Honestly I can’t tell if it’s a me problem for just kinda being there and not realising I was unwelcome or if they were jerks, and if they being that way was alright or not since they’ve probably dealt with more crap than I have
I probably should just accept it as it is, like it’s probably my fault for assuming we were friends but it still just feels sucky
This is probably a really stupid problem to have but it just feels weird when you’re like the one straight dude amidst all your alt friends and you try to be the best ally you can be even if that means not talking about your own issues so as to not infringe only to then learn they never really saw you as a friend and that they weren’t laughing with you but rather at you
https://tenor.com/view/cdawg-va-connor-konichiwa-dtw-gif-22507657
And even then my only knowledge of Wales is this guy
I got no clue what Scotland and Wales' stance on it is
United is an interesting way of putting it, for here anyways
Oh I'm swell, been dealing with this for like a month and a half now so it's fine. That and I'm the road to getting some self confidence so hey, a start to self improvement
You know your friends gone full tankie when they start saying the reason Finland now wants to join NATO is because they're actually being coerced by the evil western imperials, and not cause their neighbor is being shot, stabbed and blown up right next to them
Same, but I honestly don't know, with any luck this will be a phase
Yeeeep
Oh and also Stalin is considered based
Very
I'll admit it's quite interesting watching someone get indoctrinated in real time
Yeah sounds dumb when you put it like that don't it?
Because America is the capitalist axis of all the evil in the world and controls everything
And you know not their neighbour being shot, bombed and burned
Finland having a spike in wanting to join NATO is actually cause they're being coerced into it by those Americans
Naaaaah, it's all American propaganda
Welcome to the rabbit hole
I mean historically it just hasn't worked. It's always a "We'll get it right this time" mentality
Oh right and also China is actually super nice, forgot that one
Like it always starts with "Capitalism sucks" which you know is fair, I don't think anyone's gonna argue that one. Then it goes to Iraq, then it goes into thinking the USSR was actually really good, then it goes to America is the axis of evil, then it goes to everything against America therefore must be good, which then leads too anything that's western and/or capitalist is a facist state (meaning America and the UK are facists now), then it goes to Marx and Mao were actually geniuses, then you're saying China will "claim" Taiwan instead of invade, and then you end up here
Apparently
That's just all American propaganda
I think I can now map out this entire process
I have now officially seen my mate go from "Yeah that place is pretty bad" to "Actually they're the nice ones" in the spam of say a month and a half, quite something to witness
Something something South Korea facist America puppet, something something all those nukes and crimes are actually for self defence and it's the US' fault for picking on poor innocent Un
Well my commie friends have now gone into full North Korea is best Korea mode, suppose it was only a matter of time
Biblical first murderer
Look it up sometime it's fascinating
Brothers, god didn't like veggies so Cain got a rock and pulled a pro gamer move by bashing Abel's head with it
Cain and Abel, the first murderer, old testament
Ever since Cain killed Abel we've been like this I suppose
I feel you've just come to the core of humanities problems right there XD
That and it's now getting frighteningly close to supporting China against Taiwan territory
That's where it all started, it began with Cuba and Iraq, and then we somehow ended here
Maybe but this suddenly doesn't excuse any of Russia and China's nonsense, or that North Korea is apparently an innocent victim
It is basically just swapping out one unrealistically comical villain for another
Probably
~~Granted if they try to shove socialism down my throat *again* whenever we get on the topic of a united Ireland I will punch them~~
We're in uni, I suppose it's normal for them to start getting big into politics
They're all Irish
Reminds me I'm not crazy for thinking this is bonkers
Still, felt good to vent that out anyways
It's like their favourite excuse for everything
Apparently
You'd think that, but all that bad stuff is actually just America propaganda
I'm just baffled at witnessing all this in real time, this took like under two months tops
Or China, they like that a lot
Albeit I am fairly sceptical of Marx
Agreed
One can dream
I imagine them shutting it down will be just a matter of time, as far as I'm aware they have no reason to ever improve upon those aspects
https://tenor.com/view/live-slug-reaction-klaud-star-wars-gif-25152341
Live slug reaction
Well yeah that was mainly me just being sarcastic XD You'd have to be oblivious to not know about those matters
I mean Black Panther sold so well there
I wonder why
Just don't go pitching to them a gay movie and you should be good
Ooooh, neat
They were very much a case of too many cooks in the kitchen and each cook was determined to make an entirely different meal
Yee, he was cool
This is true
Really? I always figured it worked for him personally
I mean look at it this way, if it even suggested those elements we'd have a gay black jedi as a protagonist. Somehow I think China will not like that
Either way here's to praying no one gets shot this parade season
Combine that with how things usually get so bad around this time of year people flee the country for a day, I'm worried
True, granted the police just found a leading loyalist with guns in his car like yesterday
Though frankly with the way the orange men are going here some self defence would not be dismissed
Yeah yeah I get ya
Makes sense
Oooooh, I thought you meant self defence
Oh true
Same
Ooooh, a crossbow would be good
~~With how things are getting I might need one~~
Hmmm...I wonder what melee weapons permit is here
Certainly sounds efficient
I'll have to keep that in mind
Huh, I was not aware of that
Fair fair
Def do wanna go to a shooting range if I ever go to America tho
Understandable
Fair
What's it like?
You can get a hunting license yeah
Maybe I'm just worrying too much but this all seems like it's a boiling pot just waiting to burst. We're one step further away from unification now and it was all to please the Unionists. I can't shake the worry this is all gonna blow.
This altering of the NI Protocol is another step to a hard border between NI and Ireland, a leading loyalist was found with tons of guns in his car and loyalists are getting furious now that the parades won't be filmed by the BBC, meaning an already tense part of the year is likely to get even tenser.
I can't help but get this nagging feeling of dread
Surely if it was that easy to target Putin and his Oligarchs directly they would've done it by now, the unfortunate matter of it is just like Kim Jon Un, if Putin wants to deflect this damage onto his people, he absolutely can, one of the perks to being authoritarian
Who Killed Captain Alex lookin' real sus right now
Sorry about that friend called
That's true yeah
And now it's broken further with this bill
Maybe, but the agreement was already broken with Brexit
Potentially, but the world has bigger problems to worry about
True, but I just don't have faith people will care
No I mean like for other social movements
Protests, social movements, anything like what you'd see today?
Were people protesting about them or something?
Not really no, last time Bill Clinton showed up and that was it, so props to Bill but that's it
I was too, Ulster
Probably that yeah
I mean even if violence starts who's gonna care? "Oh no police are shooting white people" is hardly gonna make the front pages
Either way we seem fecked
I'd like to think so, but also everyone in my uni is Unionist. It seems the young want the exact opposite, and nothing's stopping Britain from doing whatever it wants
Fair, but the notion remains, if no one cares then what's the point
This may very well just be the final nail in the coffin. We either unite or be divided forever, and frankly the latter seems more likely. We're too small for anyone to care and too weak to do it ourselves.
Probably the same reason everyone forgets we had a civil rights movement and lump us in with every other group of white people
Yep
Nope, turns out a lot of them don't even know what The Troubles are
True, well if I ever stop messaging you'll know why.
I mean they don't even teach what happened in the South so the likelihood of them even caring is minimal.
True, I mean that just the past 100 years
In the long term this means the UK can just throw up a hard border and there's not much anyone can do about it. Ireland got bombed by the Nazi's and it still didn't fight back so I doubt it will for this one.
Well at that point there's a good chance I'm gonna meet a sorry fate so I'll cross that carrion bridge when I come to it.
Or well, the Bill as they're calling it
Didn't matter much when the DUP can just shut our government down ~~again~~ because they don't like the result and cause Boris to alter the deal
Yeah
What's stopping the UK from flipping them the bird? Like what will they do?
I mean as much as I'd love that to be the case I just don't know if they can risk it
The EU can sue as much as it wants, who's to say Britain will attend? We've tried suing Putin look how well that went. The South's never fought back once since the civil war and the US is either going to be too busy with Taiwan or won't have the resources to spare.
The EU can do nothing but a trade war, which will hurt them more than anything else, the South won't do jack (they don't even teach The Troubles in schools), and no one's going to go to war for Northern Ireland of all places.
I mean I've given this a good amount of thought and I think this is just the nail in the coffin for a united Ireland. If Britain did a hard border tomorrow who would stop them?
So because of this, this means Britain can just make a hard border whenever they want, cause all of these fundamentals are extremely vague, especially C
I mean that and our history is just being stomped and letting everyone else walk all over us, so it's on brand at least
I'm starting to think this war was lost a hundred years ago, and this is just the slow death of identity of those left behind
We're gonna be stuck like this forever
So because of the protocol bill the UK can now just do whatever they want with Northern Ireland. Great
Appreciated, thank you
Mostly fine now yeah, got called and then in the middle of that call received some pretty bad news, frankly if I wasn't calling my best mate while it happened I don't know what I would've done. I'll be fine for now tho
Okay finished the call, alright my head's a lot clearer now and yeah you all make some fantastic points. Thanks for hearing out my little panic fest <@99695384296701952> <@213645184125239317> <@504069701911969803>
Human politics is effectively just a wide scale version of trial and error, there is my hot take imma go get tea
It is sad, again it's a tricky matter. But I wouldn't go comparing them, different circumstances
Well yeah exactly
Aye, it's a tricky situation. I didn't even know much about them until a few years ago
My mates families for one
I know some Irish here like them cause...well being an Irish outcast is hardly an alien idea here
Tragic as it is
Most minority groups are
Just it varies a lot, some people love them, some hate them, some are indifferent. It's a tricky and divided field, though it's certainly better than here
I can imagine, but last time I checked the entire island as a whole is a mixed bag of opinions on them
Everywhere else though is messy territory
I think the opinion is mixed in the Republic
Yeah it's dumb
It's British police, people who aren't exactly historically known for their mercy of Irish travellers or Romani people
If the main thing they need to do is trust in the integrity and mercy of British cops then I don't like their odds
Yeah and not much has changed
Well of course, but do you think 70/80s British police would care?
If it's an Irish name it's usually an easy giveaway
Usually by checking their name or passport, that's how they did it here anyway, so that's my assumption as to how they'd carry it out now
A police officer sees a Catholic, thinks they're a bit sus, arrests them. There's nothing you can do about it
Literally anything
Arrests primarily
Same way they did it here
I mean Irish travellers are also among that band and the UK has honed making us illegal into a science at this point
~~No surprise there~~
Demon god of excess
https://tenor.com/view/tts-warhammer-warhammer40k-the-emperor-slaanesh-gif-16325706
I mean I can make a few educated guesses, but they're not good ones
I wish I knew
People have been pushing blame onto minority groups since the dawn of tribes, it's not too crazy. Heck just yesterday a DUP representative was going on a red-faced rant at how the Irish are somehow controlling the EU to conspire against them
Either way I worry for them with this happening
I can't say I know much about them myself, but I'm certainly not gonna go "Well thank goodness I'm here, where nothing goes wrong" ya know
Damn it all, that man was a king. I'm gonna miss him
And bad man
Bad dad
Both have divinely ordained karmic punishments, one's just a bit more blunt than the other
Yeah no I mean the Underworld he governs
Hades the person was nice
And I mean the Underworld not the dude
Ye, it's like comparing Hades to Hell
And rarely ever hopeful in my case, but different circumstances and all
I've found it soul leeching
https://tenor.com/view/goblin-slayer-stressed-priestess-anime-you-get-used-to-it-gif-13752108
It's quite the sight to see
Needless to say it's bad
It is somewhat cathartic to me to watch this all from a distance
Northern Ireland thing
Good games and good character
Cool Ciel pfp by the way
Sick
Yep
Appreciated, thank you
Good, just making sure I'm not crazy. Cause this stuff is just openly tolerated/embraced here and I know if this was literally any other group of people the media would be on it
So just so I'm not crazy, giant signs on bonfires saying "Kill All Taigs" (Taigs being Irish Catholics) on public constructions is bad right? Cause like no media here is calling it bad and I need to be reminded of what reality I'm in
Except for that yeah
This is fairly true, as far as I know the rest of Britain barely acknowledges these clowns
Fair
I envy Germany
So now I get to sit back and watch as a bunch of Brits wish death upon me and my family, love it
Maybe but these ones are stuck in the predators gullet XD
It's a celebration at how they killed us, this is the norm
Aye, Battle of the Boyne and all that
Happens this day every year
Yep
One time it was one of my family members XD
Aka people who want a united Ireland
They're all posters of Irish nationalists
I mean it's a bunch of people who identify as British burning the Irish flag and wishing death upon us, the message is clear
True, what's the hanging bodies/effigies to tower ratio?
In any other country this would be strange XD
XD
Honestly it's normal to feel that way, we all look at the world differently
Ah, my apologies
I believe it is a joke
Just personally most ones I knew were gay, they were my uni mates
Most of the ones I know are gay hilariously
Though hilariously that's like number five on the list of things to stab over for these guys
No but I'd fear for my life if i was fruity around them
~~Hah hah~~
~~More like orange~~
But hey better than it was during our parents generation so hey, progress
It really isn't
And these bonfires
Now it's just death threats and knife violence
Calmed down in the sense bombings aren't a regular thing anymore
Without giving too much away one was politically involved yeah
Yeah
I mean...I appreciate the sentiment but he does know how these weapons work, right?
Such a fork in the road we find ourselves in
Cultural cross-pollination/similarities an all that
Though Elden Ring is also a good bit Welsh, but there's def elements of all Celtic culture in there
Still, points to Miyazaki and Nasu I suppose
Yeah, weird how that works
https://tenor.com/view/goblin-slayer-stressed-priestess-anime-you-get-used-to-it-gif-13752108
But yeah, as much as I appreciate the sentiment from the mad man, that fallout's gonna hit us hard no matter what
Like I don't know why Japan specifically is the only one to notice the difference...but hey I aint complaining
Elden Ring is strangely super Celtic
And Elden Ring
Points to Nasu anyway, dude does his research
Hilariously the Fate anime has the most Irish myth representation I've seen ever
The Loch Ness Monster's gonna start being seen in Ultster
Either way if they do hit England with them, there goes our oceans
The eastern world barring maybe Japan just considers us British anyway it's not that big a deal
Sucks don't it
The future of the hotel business is truly innovative
Doesn't sound good, at all
Man 15 year old me has a dooooodgy record
Tea-bagging is sexual assault now
I honestly don't know, thing is the DUP can and has just shut things down whenever it feels threatened. And again England can just say no if it wishes, plus then the social conflict would be stupendous, just makes me worry if it's realistically possible, or if we're too broken to ever be put that together
That's fair, and yeah the DUP are utter asses, just most of the people I know are unionist
They did a good job crushing us
Idk maybe I'm just being pessimistic, but it just feels like a forlorn hope these days
Well that's your prerogative
To not let your culture and origins be erased
Even the idea of teaching Irish here is enough to get you threatened
I suppose, but this still leaves us in the North alone. And Britain has far too tight of a grip on this places identity
I'd agree, but the DUP has stopped the government from functioning, not a thing has happened since they won
Even if we did it wouldn't be simple, we'd have the Troubles 2 with how much the British population woukd be outraged
If they won the war for independence NI wouldn't be a thing, it was a compromise because they were going to lose
Now the world's moved on, and left us behind
Okay true but they did still lose that war
Half of the people here hate the idea of being Irish. We don't even use our own language anymore
Maybe, the thing is I think this place is just too broken to ever be fixed back in
That and half of everyone here would rather die than ever identify as Irish, so our cultural identity has basically been reduced to nothing. We're not even our own people anymore, just a shattered remnant of what was something
Maybe it's best to give up on it ever happening in my lifetime
I mean it hasn't happened in 100 years, why would it happen now?
But I'm not expecting them to operate with common sense if the last few months are anything to go by
Kinda sorta
Sometimes I lose my faith in a united Ireland happening when I remember if a referendum did ever happen England can just say no and there's nothing anyone can do about it
*Visibly sweats in Irish*
I don't know what to do with myself honestly, I feel like I shouldn't be here just for having a specific name
And even then it wouldn't be without a second Troubles
Honestly the more I look at it the more I don't think a united Ireland would be possible, I'd talked with my parents and even they said it's probably better I move to the South for my own sake. They were there during the agreement and if even they acknowledge that we're always going to be in this middle point forever, then I don't see how much hope there is for a united island here. Just being me is something I have to always keep on the down low because how dare I be Irish in Ireland, I can't be me in the same place I grew up. And it's just a really, really depressing thought.
I've lived here since I was born, I *should* be allowed to be myself here, but that seems like a forlorn hope
I know, it's just a depressing reality to accept
Idk, I've just felt more and more helpless as time goes on, trying to be myself in a place that never allowed it
Brexit in a nutshell
That and the actual brits living here would never allow it
They consistently make stupid decisions in the name of imperial pride, so yes
Even then England has to allow it, they can just say no
I am in a constant state of doomer, probably not good for my health
Hell what's more likely is Britain just invades again to reclaim lost territory, pull a British Taiwan
Well considering our one 'ally' is the one thing everyone I know is determined to say its hells fifth circle I doubt thay
Probably not no
I cannot tell you the amount of times I've seen "MARX" sprayed on a wall
Correct
You know the more times I smile at the idea of 'at least we have the US' as an ally, I'm always going to see this and be reminded I probably shouldn't be. My former owner to the left and something not so pleasant to the right, I mean I've given up on unification at this point but this just makes me realise the world is a gaggle of hellholes all competing with each other. Because as much as I realise how many issues the US has, I do not believe for a second China or Russia will be any better
You'd be amazed how many times I've seen that happen
Yeah exactly, but they claim it belongs to them
Not to mention if China can justify invading Taiwan through some claim of lost territory, then what else can be justified? By this some logic Britain should be invading Ireland rn
True but if I keep saying I'm going to shoot you but then say I won't actually shoot you, but am still gonna keep pointing the gun and saying how I'll do it regardless then I do believe you have the right to punch me hard
Are we counting Taiwan?
You say that but the US' works, ours has been deadlocked for the past three months
Fine, watch out the evil Irish military is coming to storm your capital, better?
Watch out the vicious Canada war machine is coming for you
The amount of times I've heard that one, cause yeah Ireland totally had a part to play in all that, just the entirety of the west
It's all either 'evil socialist rhetoric' or 'evil western propaganda', there's never an in between
That's another thing, it's incredibly hard to tell what's real anymore
I don't think anyone disagrees America's done some terrible shit. But if I had to choose between living in one of them I'd choose the States in a heartbeat
I don't think anyone's gonna deny America has some incredibly dodgy skeletons in their closet, but that doesn't suddenly make this better
Aye, though I don't think the greed of governments invalidates the legitimate concerns people have for the people of Taiwan
Such is tribalism
Ah, okay fair
Who is 'we' here? The entirety of the west? Europe? Call me biased but when I see a small island about to be invaded by the empire next to it, I get nervous about the consequences and implications
At the end of the day it's world power threatening a smaller nation with invasion and saying 'you belong to us', no one's going to say any other country is squeaky clean, but no matter how you swing it this looks pretty dodgy
Idk China's whole justification for it just rings way too close to home in some cases
I thought Taiwan wanted to separate itself entirely and stay that way
My favourite it how Kim's dad invented the burger
Honestly I think that's a lot of us you're good
Hehe XD
Conspiracy theories are fun, in the 'how is this even believed' way
Everything is secretly all our fault, a scheme five thousand potatoes in the making!
It all comes back to the roots
~~We're in your wall~~
Yeah here we are, this wonderful nonsense
I read a conspiracy one time where the Irish secretly rule the world by way of cultural assimilation, bribery and secret societies, got a chuckle out of me
Well we have no way of knowing, none of us are mind readers
A start is certainly better than nothing
You know in hindsight I really don't have a place to judge when it comes to incredibly divisive politics, apologies it sounds really hypocritical of me in hindsight
I suppose a lot of it just looks weird as an outsider looking in, since there's obviously a big difference to left and right here than the states
And usually it's gonna result in someone getting called something awful
That's where it's both and confusing an annoying, there's no nuance, you either have to be one or the other and if you're not with us you're with them and vice versa
Same
What do you mean by a select group? Like people who don't feel they agree with either party?
It certainly feels like the other way around nowadays
Fair
It's always you're either one or the other, and if you're not you're just secretly the other
Honestly that's how it comes off at times, maybe I've just seen negative examples but it seems impossible to take aspects of both ideologies these days
So you basically have to be left wing or your bad?
Nearly falling over may exhaustion catching up to you, best to google thee symptoms just to be sure
If your stomach's feeling messy then it may be the diet yeah, happened to me a few times when I ate nothing but junk for a while
I'm joking, just to clarify
We should have political confessionals
I pray oh comrades of mine, forgive me for mine heretical transactions. I have consumed and enjoyed the nipponese media known as Goblin Slayer, and I fear my soul may be damned for it
Nah they're more prophets
Stray from the teachings and thou shalt be deemed heretical, repent for thine sinful existence lest you be seen as monstrous in the eyes of the greater whole
You ever feel like political ideologies are just godless religions sometimes?
My political side deems this to be the case therefore it must be true
Oh, never mind then
So no NSFW purging?
Are they gonna pull a Tumblr?
Suppose we'll see what fits that category in time
A forlorn hope though
I do wonder if they're going to improve their writing interface sometime
I'll take that as a yes
I'll take it this means there's nothing to actually worry about and this is internet overreacting again
So nothing to worry about?
It is
Then there's Rule 34, the classic
I honestly have no idea
<:MariaNo:672658725986762764>
Curses
Or gelbooru for the spicier version
Or danbooru
~~Just go to pixiv~~
I would be okay with a world without Twitter
And then parliament shut down cause the DUP couldn't accept it
They did yeah, and won the election
Of course I do, my hope for it just shrivels like a starving plant
Okay that got a chuckle out of me
Pffff
I suppose unification was a forlorn hope then
I'm starting to think this place always was
Unification is probably impossible at that rate
Wonderful
If she actually is a Thatcher, then Troubles 2 just got uncomfortably more possible
Has it only been three months? Feels longer
I mean our government isn't functioning to begin with anyway, but I doubt this'll help.
If she's a Thatcher 2, then I do not anticipate good things for this place
The face of the ruler changes, the rule stays the same.
Oh joy
This place never did, I can't speak for England itself
This place is so determined to tighten it's leash it'll choke them
Nah you're right
Correct
They both are but yeah
Those people will never give this place back, I'm starting to think it's a hopeless endeavour
The more things change, the more they stay the same
Just was a few hours ago
It's another British ruler who's going to decide how my home is run for me, face changes, situation stays the same. Sometimes you just gotta accept your place in things
No point being annoyed about a ruler you never had a say in in the first place I suppose
Gave Boris a standing congratulations as well
I'd complain, but we never had any control of this in the first place
Plus she did a monumental job pissing off the scots a few weeks ago
Clap
Whoo
They can always just say no
We'd need an agreement, and one Britain accepts
"Oh no, the white people are being oppressed" yeah that'll really get people concerned
And?
Thatcher did it
They can reject any referendum if they wish
We're the few
Sometimes you gotta sacrifice the few to save the many
Just NI didn't
Ireland got it
Well, not really
That's basically impossible
Yep
It's better for everyone if this place is kept as far away as possible. We were born the compromise, might as well die as it
Just left to rot
Had a bloody civil rights movement and everything
This place was just a compromise so the former owners could be happy
They've not been for the past hundred years
It's just not worth it
Even if we did it'd cause way too much trouble for Europe
We're the compromise from the war, we don't have a choice
This place was born as a compromise, and will die as a compromise
Then it's impossible
I'm jealous
Maybe it's best Europe and the South just forgets about this place. It's going to cause way more trouble than it's worth and will not be possible without some hard concession
Unified Ireland
Sometimes I think it's better the South just forgets about us, if Truss is a second Thatcher then unification is all but impossible. Even if it did happen we'd cause way too many problem and cause so much damn social unrest. This isn't worth it
Well have fun there if you do move
Fair
That's true
I will, honestly it's not healthy for it to dominate my head this much anyways. Thanks for the heads up
Yeah exactly. Sorry if I was being a bother with it
Yeah I apologise, it's kinda stupid of me in hindsight. I'll cease
If you're owned by a joke does that make you less than a joke?
We have such responsible owners
I didn't help with the election
I don't think it really matters honestly
It might be best to give up
I just wonder if it's a forlorn hope at this point, maybe it is. And I'm just getting mad over an impossibility
You get used to it
Yet only one has their flag burning celebrated
Life sucks
Honestly sometimes I think we're too divided and damaged to ever be repaired again
Even at the best of times yeah
I’m just slowly giving up on this idea of unification. I’m starting to wonder if there was even a chance to begin with. Certainly not with this lady
Well we're stuck with this now https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRHnZ1HOx3g
We're the compromise of a barely won civil war just left to rot with the former empire.
Frankly it's best we're forgotten about
We'll see, but with Truss I don't have much hope
If it does happen, I doubt it'll be in my life time
Unifying was always going to carry the risk of more civil conflict, but it's going to be double now that there's a second Thatcher backing the loyalists
Then it'll be permanent
Agreed
I appreciate it but trust me, if it was this easy it wouldn't have taken us over a hundred years to do it
Heck it was only with America things even shifted to what it was now
They've been doing whatever for quite some time
It is, Brexit has already proven they don't care about what the EU would do, Truss twofold
I guarantee you, if you delete it entirely, several years from now gossip and hearsay will spread about Kiwifarms, that it 'wasn't as bad as they say' and with no point of reference to prove these claims, you're going to get an entire new generation who'll have believed that this was an unfair act by "oppressive woke culture" and because there's no archive to actually fact check it, they can make up whatever they want and enough people will believe it. Then you'll have the problem all over again
Besides you archive it and you then have something to serve as an example, delete it and it becomes forgotten until someone makes another one in it's place
Obviously, but I've seen just as much death threats on places like Twitter. You're always going to have corners of the internet where those kinds of people congregate, it's an inevitability
So are a lot of social media sites at the end of the day, it was going to happen one way or another
If it's big enough to warrant this attention in the first place then yeah, it will be given a generation
A strange one, but history regardless
It will be a form of history
It’s official now
I will be keeping tabs for...reasons
All hands on deck it seems
Unfortunate
This'll be an interesting few days if she does
They got the black ties out
Holy shoot it’s actually happening this time
Lotta micromanaging
And some letterboxes
And stamps
And change all the paper money
It's all more symbolic than anything else
Honestly just kinda a shrug here, I appreciate the historical aspect of it, but she was never my queen.
Oh man all the orange posters will need to be taken down and replaced
Whelp, that’s that I suppose. Onto the next ruler
Aye
And yeah imma mainly keep it to myself, but there's not much love lost on this end.
Obviously it's bad to attack others for it, but I'm not going to pretend like I was entirely on board with what this monarch's empire has done.
https://tenor.com/view/hamilton-hamilton-the-musical-jonathan-groff-king-george-iii-dancing-gif-17724462
Like there was no getting past this, it's like sieging a moat
I despise this king if not sorely for the reason that his presence today made getting into university nothing short of a colossal pain, they shut down several roads which in turn basically severed town in twain
https://tenor.com/view/goblin-slayer-stressed-priestess-anime-you-get-used-to-it-gif-13752108
The foundation their pride rests upon is faltering, soon they'll move onto the outrage phase
No, but they'll do it anyway. They want to put on a display and force everyone to play along
Fascinating
Beats me, I honestly just don't care XD I'd go into uni to work today if I could
Plus you don't wanna get your knees capped
Probably, albeit it's prolly in the western area if they are
This place is so entrenched in it you see it everywhere
Yeah yeah, just wanted to be sure
Good, very good
It's a slur for Irish people
I'll take that as a no
The main slur is Taig if you really wanna piss someone off
They probably haven't, but it's a damn ghost town over here so I just wanna be sure
<@722121666641133608> Are stores closed on your end or nah?
Cause it's a nationalist song
Did not take long for those to pop up XD
Oooooh yeah
My favourite are the vids overlaying the news with North Korean footage
I couldn't care less about the crone, but they own this place, so now every store today is closed
Hardly inaccurate in my own case anyway
Lol you're good
She's a symbol of their former empire and perceived greatness
https://tenor.com/view/goblin-slayer-stressed-priestess-anime-you-get-used-to-it-gif-13752108
Thank you
~~Well that D&D joke fell flat XD~~
You guys destroyed her phylactery right?
The Dark Universe reboot is at hand
https://tenor.com/view/scream-mummy-dust-the-mummy-the-mummy-gi-fs-gif-7889462
Yeah but like Tom Cruise mummy
Maybe mummy
Well I for one as part of the still British part of this island will be expressing my just utter despair at her majesty's passing by writing some mournful, lesbian anime fanfiction
Well at least they aren't screaming for murder this time
https://tenor.com/view/goblin-slayer-stressed-priestess-anime-you-get-used-to-it-gif-13752108
That's one way of putting it yeah
I mean either way I appreciate the support
There is no big grin across my face
Not at all
I'm in no way grinning at this
Lol
Ooooooooh
Wait was Tate that "I've never seen Star Wars" guy?
Aye
Was quite the scene back then yeah
Alrighty, well that helps clear up my confusion anyway
So yeah stay away from it less it invites bad assumptions XD
Got it, well thanks for helping me with my little dilema
Gotcha, so keeping away from the term woke as a whole would be for the best I take it?
That’s what worries me yeah, I just don’t wanna feel like I have to clear my name every time I do. So yeah may be better to avoid it
Poor example on my part then. My reasons for using the word aren’t rooted in bigotry, but I can get how the word could be synonymous with it so I’m wondering if it’s just best to not use it anymore
That was more just the first example that came to mind, u just didn’t think it worked
First time I've heard that one, I'll keep it in mind. I just worry using it may give the wrong impression
This is kinda something that's been in the back on my head for a while now and I figured this would be a good place to get some advice on it. I use the word woke a fair bit but I do my best to only use it in situations that I think are stupid.

An example would be something like the Mulan remake when they removed Shang in light of the MeToo movement, but in turn ended up annoying a lot of LGBT folk as that character had become a bit of a bi icon. This is the kind of stuff I usually use it for. Stuff that's either A: A cooperation just trying to use social issues to get good PR, and B: politics being pushed into something by people who don't actually know what they're criticising. Since if anyone's watched the animated Mulan you'd know their romance has nothing to do with one holding power over the other. 

Let me make this clear, media that promotes progressive ideas and representation is **good**, and is needed in order to help minority groups feel more accepted and confident in themselves. But I equally feel like said stories should be held to the same standard as everyone else, less stuff like High Guardian Spice becomes the standard. Woke to me is someone trying to use politics as an excuse to brush aside criticism of a work or try and create a negative where there isn't one.

However if the term is still best left unused despite all of that then I'll stop. This is probably too much thought into something as simple as one word in hindsight, it's just been barking in the back of my head for a while and I didn't really know what answer was the right one. So figured asking others was for the best.
First Tumblr now Twitter, I feel bad for these artists
Jesus, here I thought he was just some egotist
Probably yes XD
It's just awful writing. Like it just sucks
Like those fanfics that make Hinata a psychopath to ship Naruto with Sakura
I think it's this show is the perfect example of a how a writer feels about a character echoing into how they write them, rather than how that character actually is
Man I do love that character progression he has
Or how Jaunne...exists
Maybe this is just my own experience but it feels really messed up when the victim of slavery trying to do what he thinks is best, albeit in an incredibly misguided way gets written as an incel, but then the tall lady that actually murdered a fave gets all the sympathy cause...reasons? Don't look good imma be honest
Because if anyone dares disagree with the main girls they're either an incel or a fascist apparently
And then you give a big musical number to the character that murdered a fan fave because boohoo mommy didn't like her
I can't be the only one thinking that when you wanna tell a story about intense imbedded racism, and then you make the figure who was literally a slave into an incel your priorities are a little messed up
Same
On the plus side I now use the entire show as a thesis on what *not* to do, so hey that's at least something to learn from
Few shows have made me hate shipping culture more than RWBY
Now I despise it
Same, I used to be a massive fan back when it began and then it just got baaaaaaaaaaaaaad
Whelp, I'd say love lost but that implies I still had any remaining
Okay this made me chuckle
Oh I meant more from a writing standpoint but also that yeah
Whelp what seems to have happened with Genlock certainly checks out
So it's still just poor writing on RWBY's end?
Also there's a difference between a group of people and a group of individuals. I knew some real assholes who waved their LGBT flags like it was a parade every day, but none of them speak for the entire community. No one does. At the end of the day people are asshats, not the groups they belong too
Ooooooooooooh
Fair
How does one make *that* leap in logic?
Why did they fire them or something?
I honestly don't know what's dumber, the fact that Britain's about to kick out it's third PM in a row, or we're going to have another election like six months after the first just cause one party is bitter 

https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-63240811
Aye
Like with Qrow they can always replace scorpion man
If she doesn’t things probably continue on as normal for RWBY I suppose
If Yangs VA does that’d be one hell of a blow
I think he got fired by Disney for some old tweets
Actions speak louder than words after all
If they're talking about the same incident from 15 years ago then this just sounds like the mother of all diversion tactics to cover for RT
We'll see how long that union whether it
Winter is coming

Well here's hoping he doesn't puncture the protocol as much as his predecessors.
A tory is a tory
I honestly can't tell if this will be different or if it's just gonna be much the same
Well that takes a load off my chest then
Honestly I thought that was just a commonly held belief
I thought everyone was being genuine about that
Oh okay thank goodness
Oh thank god in that case XD
Oooooooooh
Oh I thought you were being genuine whenever you said it
I mean doesn't it just mean anyone who likes anime and games and is a straight dude?
Man that does not paint a pretty picture for some of us then XD
Cause I absolutely fit that criteria
Whelp, if I stop speaking one day you'll know what happened to me
This probably isn’t good for here https://twitter.com/Ancommiey/status/1584740482009399296?t=7HVHC-NbVFTN1t266HEnkQ&s=19
It's like watching a plant slowly wilt rather than quickly burn
Which can honestly sometimes be just as bad
Honestly this place will go to the dogs not from a second Troubles, but sheer negligence
Best of luck on the venture
Fair
Honestly we're like, not even in control. This place is fighting with one hand trying to tighten the leash so much it'll choke it, and the other is trying to rip it off. I'm starting to realise dwelling on this just isn't good for my already questionable mental health. I honestly should just do a masters in the republic and be where I actually belong. Or do one in the states, always wanted to go there
I honestly just want myself and my home out, Britain has done *nothing* good for us
I should like, move to the south or America, this place is an arid ditch
I'm like sort of lowkey hoping all this incompetence from the UK and the DUP will just make unification inevitable, but on the other hand god knows what may happen in the meantime
Northern Ireland is tricky that way
Kind of
Oh I do to
I...should really do something else with my time than keep up with the UK, personal circumstance aside I feel it's only going to make me miserable
Wonderful
Is she a tory?
Maybe it's just cause I finished the first GOT book yesterday but I've seen plenty of weird stuff outside of anime, I honestly don't think anime's special in that regard
Before you got bullied for being nerdy because you were a dweeb. Now you're just assumed to be an incel
Yeah that's the hilarious part of how it's both changed and not changed at all
Honestly that's just kind of everything. If you think something like football fans are any different you'll be in for a rude awakening
I was gonna say that just sounds like life when ya put it like that XD
Had like a whole game that was secretly about it too, it was a whole thing
I was gonna say wasn't he building a cult at some point?
Some good news to round out the bad we usually see so often. https://www.irishtimes.com/crime-law/2022/10/26/new-bill-to-criminalise-incitement-to-hatred-against-transgender-people-following-cabinet-agreement/
I don't hold any particular love for Musk or Twitter, like at all I could do with a world without them. But it's like 3am here and I need to go to bed, lemme know if the site implodes when I wake up
Fascinating
This for real? I thought he quit on the deal
I hadn't thought of it that way actually, good points
I wonder if Youtube will return to it's original role as a social media platform to capitalise on Twitter's eventual fall
Pretty much
Funny as it would be I doubt Vimeo's gonna be making some big comeback
It's a downright media titan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCQGQ5qBQTA
Whelp, schadenfreude is what is is I suppose
I wonder if this will lead to the end of Twitter as we know it

Let's goooooooooooo
I shall just walk off the bloody road
But meaty fool that platform is
So watch your words in fear of a Twitter mob, or Elon Musk. One road leads to hell, another road leads to hell
Basically just schadenfreude for me
Okay then yeah that would certainly be the seed of it all. So you think he basically caused this whole polarising climate?
Though I've seen horrific behaviour from every part of the political spectrum, so it's hard to tell sometimes
I suppose that certainly could be the cause of it all
Checks out
So big name
Damn
Oooooooh
Who's he again? Sorry memory's kinda foggy
I just have a hard time seeing Twitter as any kind of solution, it just seems to breed discontent and encourage the worst kind of behaviour
Nostalgic as I am for the old internet, I'm not so blinded by it that I think it was in any way good
That's a good point
In what sense?
You think so?
Though I'm probably being horrendously optimistic on that one
But maybe, just maybe it could serve as some kind of reality check that something like this just isn't healthy to have
There won't be some shining paragon of a competitor that suddenly comes swooping in that's for sure
I'd like to think it won't, but it very much could, likely will
Potentially
Or that won't happen at all
Probably not, it's a symptom, not the issue. But with any luck taking a step back from it may serve as a means for a better one to take its place
Honestly with the kind of person Twitters algorithm encourages you to be, getting rid of it might do the internet some good
Rest in Peace
Oh Jesus
Pfff
Jesus who's this piece of work?
Weird how that works innit?
It works fantastically
God this fits so well https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-e7PZUpu44
But he's doing it regardless
He's probably not intending it
He's doing that
You know how in Dark Souls you need to burn yourself upon the flame to ensure a brighter age can come?
Oh Jesus
Idk who that is so I'll take your word for it
So this is less freedom and more a lack of accountability for your actions?
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Oh
This is something that's been confusing me for a while now. Don't get me wrong I know Elon's shady as hell but isn't free speech usually a good thing? Is this a situation where he's saying one thing but he actually means something else? If yes what exactly is the prerogative here? I don't know jack about Elon beyond knowing he's the quirky space guy, so what exactly is his deal here?
Oh Jesus, I'm so sorry to hear that
Good idea
There is no foliage here
I am right next to my uni it is concrete and pavement
Shall do
I'm gonna go hopefully not implode myself from exam stress
Lemme know if Twitter implodes
Noted, well thank you for the lesson XD
I think I have an idea of it now then
Gotcha
No
I've seen it mentioned in every idea under the sun so I'm honestly scared to try and guess what it actually is
In more contexts than I care to number
Yeah I've seen that one thrown around a lot
~~When I'm not buried in university work~~
Shall do 👍
How pleasant
So it's "rule for thee but nor for me" logic
Noted
So this is less actually trying to make freedom of expression and priority and more them trying to do and say whatever they want without consequence
Gotcha
Oh what a fellow
That's very fair
This is true, but this book series did lead to the most popular show on the planet so I feel it bears mentioning
I mean even then I'm on book two of Game of Thrones, fantastic writing but oh dear lord this stuff is far from anime exclusive
Just gotta make sure
True
Oh I do hope it has sinister music playing at half volume in the background to punctuate the point
Oh well you know it's trustworthy then
Well here's to hoping this isn't the only thing people will now Symphogear for come the new series
They just wanna be a Ken Penders but replace uninhibited creative control with administrative law
So they just wanna be in charge
It's controlled speech
Like if you're silencing everyone you don't like that's just not free speech
They sound like a bunch of hypocrites honestly
The info is appreciated 👍
Okay yeah I see what you mean
Oh dear
Aye, I'm nationalist cause I want a united Ireland and don't like Britain's control and what it's caused. I don't know much about the other meaning but it's not been good XD
Yas
That's fair, I'm pretty nationalist myself, but I know that means a different thing to me than it does most others here
Honestly fair stance
Does sound pretty neat I’ll agree
Fair enough then, I apologise if I misinterpreted the point then
Indeed
Maybe, but I know for a fact I'm better off with them than Britain
7 of 27, and they wouldn't be any better if they were divided
Better that than the British
I’d trust it’s rule more than the British. We’re better off together than divided, especially with the current climate
Considering they’re half the reason Ireland was able to get back on its feet and half the reason the British haven’t continued tradition here, I wouldn’t go that far regarding it. Flawed, yes, better off without, I disagree
Strangely not the first time I've seen this combination, the former friend group I was with were all of the mind the Irish were just as guilty for the British Empires crimes as the British. Which is, an opinion, to be sure
The hilarious thing is even when it does happen it's not like unionism is gonna just evaporate, the goal is unity not assimilation
But yeah, it's less a matter of one side not wanting the other, more loyalists operate under a siege mentality that any concede they make for power is a loss
Lol you good
The Irish government has been working to gradually make the path as easy as possible for ages, the issue comes from the Orange Order/Loyalist types not wanting to give up their positions of power/being incredibly conservative
The matters less a national one and more a political one
Considering I am Ulster and still Irish, then yes
<:HibikiFingerguns:688429715836502063>
Bro move right there
That's where you get this chimeric mesh of people who garb themselves in being progressive, but are so obsessed with believing they're right they spew contradictory nonsense like it's a cult
Makes things change in the short term but in the long terms leaves an incredibly divided, dysfunctional and bitter society obsessed with the "but what about"'s of the past
Okay that got a chuckle outta me, well said
Is it dead yet?
No prob
Hope things get better in some form
Oh Jesus, I’m sorry hear that
Ooooh, I thought that was in the sense they were chill about it. My bad if that was a misinterpretation
Would you bow to Russia if you were Ukrainian?
That completly flew over my head XD
Oh I'm a moron
Oooooooooooooooooh
Oh
Oh right
https://tenor.com/view/conspiracy-theory-explaining-gif-13403485
Trying to solve this would look like that The Office conspiracy theorist clip
Like how did we get to here???
Usually with most maniacs you can trace back the branches and roots to find the start, what lead them to attain such a mindset. Crazy ideas don't just come out of nowhere after all, I can picture a number of factors that would say, make someone an incel.

I cannot for the life of me trace this one
That doesn't look good
Fair enough, if I'll be honest my faith that this will actually happening is beginning to diminish
So in our lifetime?
How long will that take?
Then how will it ever happen? If the people of the South don't want it and England will never allow it, how will reunification ever happen?
Yeah of course, but no matter what somethig will have to be done to make the people who identify as British not feel threatened, if not then England will never consent to a referendum and we'll be stuck in this limbo
So then what? If the Republic won't want to do aything to make it work then we'll just stay this way forever
Unionism won't just vanish if it does happen, something will have to be done to make them not feel threatened
But if it comes to a vote there's a good chance they'll vote no if anything has to change
Yes but they'll need to vote yes for it as well
This doesn't happen without both parites consent, if the south doesn't want it, then there's nothing to be done
Well there we go, we'll be stuck like this forever because they don't want us
On one hand I admire the determination, on the other this means we'll be stuck like this forever
This was from 1921 oddly enough, 100 years really changes attitudes
Honestly I should've seen this coming https://www.irishtimes.com/ireland/2022/12/05/voters-in-republic-reluctant-on-changes-to-facilitate-irish-unity/
Br*nie?
Fair but that doesn't make it any less dumb
Oh of course, really good for getting into the fine details
And this why Twitter is not the place for a politcal discussion
Therefore it would be bad of me to say it on Twitter, as most people there wouldn't know the context and just see some straight white dude say he's a republican and make assumptions galore
But I doubt anyone outside of here will know that
Being republican here just means you want a united Ireland
Yeah but the hilarious thing is what I'm saying is probably incredibly different to what you're thinking
Well there we go
So sometimes it's best to just not say anything at all
Like I probably shouldn't say I'm a nationalist republican because oh lord no doubt people are going to think me awful for it, context be damned
Nope
Others, maybe not
I say anything that's on my mind it may be very bad
Though maybe it's a person-by-person basis
Probably not, but it gets the word out, and neither will social media anyway
Looks better on a newspaper
Well yeah, though at that point a physical protest is probably more effective
And this is why you never say anything political on social media
Still the history that is still celebrated
Who made lovely little things like this
We shall continue as living concessions to our colonisers
Well our generation will be the one voting on it, so if that's your stance there you go
Well yeah there we go, the sentiment is appreciated but like, will it ever happen? Because the British people here aren't just gonna go, they're going to look at a UI and be terrified they'll be treated the same way they treated us
I'm obviously joking on that one
Honestly I don't think there's any means to handle unity if it hasn't already been suggested. If the south doesn't want us maybe we'll become like Europe's North Korea, let's get a military monarchy in here
I will die the child of unwanted soil
Starting to think I'll never see unity in my lifetime, and it makes me sad
Cause if the South doesn't want us and England will never allow it then I don't see many other routes
Like when you forget to water a plant
Less a big explosion and more just a slow, pitiful death
Maybe it will just collapse if it can never unify
I think the UK pumping funds here is the only thing keeping it going
Wanna bet on whose small plot of disfunctional land combusts first?
Take from me you'll be waiting for a while
Intriguing
Huh, noted
Ew
"The West" could mean literally anywhere on that part of the world
Well yeah exactly
Like they're aware places like Ireland or Europe exist so I don't get the need for such a broad term to describe one country. Though that's probably just because I don't know many people there
I suppose, but like I pass by the Confucious Institute in my uni every day so they clearly interact with other places
This probably goes without saying but they should probably be more specific about it then. Foreigners could mean literally anyone
I was gonna say it seems to be more criticising the idea that "foreigners" are somehow the source of their problems. That could mean anyone, from Japan to Ireland. I don't think it relates to the US specifically
In what sense?
Gotcha, I have an online friend who also does, but they're quite quiet about the whole situation, so I've never really wanted to ask in case it made them uncomfortable
I've known a fair amount of Chinese people throughout my life, but they've all grown up here, so there's always this strange sense of disconnect between how they are and people from the mainland, so this helps clear my confusion on it alot of things, thank you
But I take it the every day man isn't saying it out of some sense of antagonism, it's just how they've been brought up?
So does this extend to hostility? Or is it more just a general way to refer to "the other" for lack of a better word?
So it comes down to "China and everyone else"?
It certainly sounds like a difficult to summarise scenario
And government projects like the Confucious Institute don't really change that in the grand scheme of things I take it
So it's just everyone who doesn't run their places the same way China does?
And there isn't really a need to distinguish between them if you can lump them into a simple idea like "the west" since that's easier for the average person to wrap their head around than having to look into the specifics of each nationality and it's implications?
So when they say foreigners they mainly mean Americans because that's also what the government says?
Lol, so it's combination of language barrier, how they grew up and the CCP's censorship all resulting in this kinda confusing haze which looks very odd to someone who wouldn't really understand the context with both China and the US?
Got it, okay well that helps clear it up
Gotcha
Language barriers innit
It's less an issue and more just the whole thing confuses me, especially because I pass an example of Chinese collaboration everyday. But these explanations help quite a bit, so thank you
I think that's how you spell it anyway
So it's like Japan and the word "Gaijin"?
Good point
Yeah and it's dumb
Even still is it not a little too broad? Like Armis' example you can't just pack all of Europe into being one entity
So like nationality as we know it just isn't viewed the same way there?
I don't think that means they're the same entity though, like last time I checked we never backed any of America's nonsense
So it's more a general "us vs them" siege mentality kinda deal?
It's just okay America is one thing, but where did this narrative that every other Western country was in on it come from?
That's fair
And like, this country isn't part of NATO
You're not far off XD
Or binary
I've seen proud Irish still believe Ireland should rejoin the UK, nothing is ever simple in politics
Yeah of course
Makes sense, it's a massive place after all
I don't want to assume the worst in people, especially somewhere as massive as China where things are likely very different, so this helps clear up my initial concerns
Well that's why it's important to learn
Well that helps explain the mentality behind it all anyway, thanks for the explanation
Makes sense, I think anyway
Gotcha
I didn't wanna use the word xenophobic but that was kinda the impression I was getting yeah
Not a slur no, but you rarely ever see it employed in a pleasant manner
That's fair
Well better than being called a taig I suppose XD
It's what confused me so much initially, but knowing the intricacies of it help
That's kinda the impression I was getting as well, but I didn't really wanna assume since I didn't know enough of the context
Gotcha
I'd be lying if I said I knew all of eastern Europe
True true
They can't really be blamed since that idea is what they've known under that government
So it's not really justified but it's also not really the fault of the every day person given the situation they've grown up in?
Gotcha
Ooooh, okay
Though wouldn't that not even be the west if Japan is also on that list?
Well yeah, British historical reasons. It's probably just a me thing but I don't like to be lumped in with them. Even if that's most likely not the every day persons fault
Well that's good
I'll admit the whole "the west" attitude has kinda been grating at the back of my mind, so this helps clear it up and put everything into perspective anyway
Aye, one of my friends is a Hong Konger and their family experienced similar stuff
Yeah that scary
It happens, I've done similar things whenever anyone prompted me about NI so it makes sense
Ooooh, well that's a different case then yeah
Ironically we'd probably have a united Ireland by now if not for it
But now that we're in the long term it's really showing it's disadvantages
Worked well in the short term
Take it from me, we did the violence thing
Last thing anyone wants to do is provoke more violence
Maybe, but we're stuck with it
Cause fascists yeah, loyalists...eh that one's tricky
Fascists or loyalists?
I meant more imperialists over here cause they've been on that siege mentality for *years*
Of course
Indeed, though you'd swear it is these days
It's more effective to show them they're wrong in the eyes of the wider world instead of giving them a reason to bleat louder, ban them and you make them think they need to fight for the right to be heard, but let them yell and no one cares, it exposes how little of a foundation they have to stand on
True
Oooooooh
What do you mean?
Well it does mean we can laugh at them
Idk some people are just nutta
Oh certainly
I know, I just needed an example of how things can be unexpected in the world of politics
Post 2016
I'd join on the band wagon but there are others more deserving of my ire
Valar Morghulis
Honestly this is the most entertainment I've gotten out of Twitter in ages
British ones
https://tenor.com/view/star-wars-obi-wan-your-move-your-turn-revenge-of-the-sith-gif-21475207
Who will fold first
This is the greatest game of chicken ever
It's Twitter, everything's condescending
Though I wouldn't be surprised if he scuttles the ship
One can hope tho
He said he *may*, not that he would
He probably shouldn't have tried to bomb Belfast then
Britain saying "the oppression of others based on poorly thought out pseudo science" is probably the height of hypocrisy
I swear it's honestly hilarious how America cares more about this place than the UK
Honestly Biden this is the best Christmas gift you could've given
Much appreciated 👍
Thank youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Hollywood trying to do anything that isn't a reboot for two seconds:

Fails
He really doesn't like Star Wars
Tag: Ugly bastard
The first book was made in the late 90s go figure it's aging out
More power to you
But that's life
Sadge it's adaptation butchered everything
Fair XD
You do you
Understandable, personally I don't agree with the method but it's a fair reason
That's fair, it's prolly just a me thing but the idea of burning books just doesn't sit right with me
Just donate them to a charity or something, burning books is never a good call
I never got into the books myself, I do appreciate how they got many more kids into reading though
Well so much for that joke XD
Oh
Ludicrious
I can't believe Donald Trump lied
Damn it all
I thought he said he wasn't gonna use his Twitter anymore
In some cases someone absoloutley deserves to lose their platform if they're using it to spread bigotry, but what actually counts as that is the mother of all subjectives, meaning you then get cases like that where people do it as an excuse to say very vile shit to someone who in no way deserves it
It is just internet mob justice at the end of the day with all the iffy crap that comes with it.
To the mountains I go to train with the clown men
I must train to refine my humour
My joke has fallen flat
So I have learnt
You cannot escape buff Scrappy
If it's not, well I'm marking Scooby Doo Apocolypse up one in Scooby Doo stories that make my head tilt so hard my neck breaks
If this is a bit they deserve a medal
2nd grade me basically wrote like this
https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-the-essay-hilarious-haha-gif-3565665
I'm gonna graduate before this thing's finished XD
This NI protocol business is gonna go on forever I swear
~~Please~~
Sweet 👍
Sorry to derail if a convo was already happening, I just really wanted to get that out of my system rather than have it rattle in my head for ages
Okay gotcha. I'll approach it that way then
||I was browsing hentai and one thing lead to another, and once I took a step back I realised looking up material of two men doing it probably isn't the straightest thing in the world||
What's a sfw way of saying this
Uuuuuuuuuuuuuh
Idk if this is the appropriate place to dicuss the matter...but I'm really beginning to think I'm bi and it's just being an interesting experience/thought process
The whole protocol deal was meant to be a compromise to ensure Ireland didn't have a hard border, beyond that Nevis put it pretty well
The tories are being tories and unionists here *despise* the idea of anything seperating them from the union
Being fought over by Britain and the union that actually had Ireland in it is one thing. Having our fate decided by an arguement between Britain and the group who don't even consider themselves Irish is a whole other matter.
Give em a chance and maybe
This stuff honestly makes me want to tear my hair out
https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2023/feb/19/rishi-sunak-warned-more-than-100-tory-mps-could-rebel-over-ni-protocol-deal
Wait all 4?
Since Force wasn't really a thing anymore and Vivid was the most popular instalment at the time
That's the thing, I think when Force was cancelled they decided to port the more serious elements over to Vivid Strike
That was the idea yeah, Force was meant to be the dark and serious one, and Vivid the fun and lighthearted one
I imagine she would yeah, it's hard to imagine they'd make a move that major in a spin-off
She really does have Lancer Luck at times
Poor knight
*Yeah don't even get me started*
Leaned a bit hard on the edge on at times but nothing some Nanoha heart couldn't fix
Indeed, a shame since it had a lot of neat ideas
We were always told there was more to the universe but now in Strikers we get to see it
I'd hoped we'd get more of that in Forces
The world building was def what intrigued me the most, it was neat to finally see this big universe expanded on
Scary as Nanoha is XD
That was a pretty good scene
Caro, that was her yeah
Plus there's Fate with Erio and the other girl, I forget her name
Aaah, yeah I remember now, Nanoha and her rather unique training methods
Was that when Subaru's arc was the main focus? Been ages
Aaaah, fair point
Agreed
Aye, as much as I like Vivio as a character and what she brings I find the actual plot line around her to be kinda draggy at times
Honestly fair enough XD I do really like the adult designs though
Very much so, very much got its ups and downs
Indeed, kinda inevitable since it expanded things so much, but still
Exactly, you can tell by then they had a much more clearer idea as to what they wanted to do with the franchise, to come extent at least
Yeah yeah, you can see the stress mounting
Oh totally, I find the first movie does Fate better than the anime, but that the anime for A's does more for Fate than the movie. I'm guessing since with the first everything's a lot more fast paced and intense, whereas in A's her arc is much more gradual
Same same, it's hard to get all the good bits of Fate's gradual arc in A's with it being crammed into the time of only one film
It's hard to pick, I got mad nostalgia for the anime but the movies are hard to deny, I'd have to go with both yeah
Same
Indeed, granted I do really like how they gave more time to Lindy in that movie, was a neat little arc between her and Fate
Also Vita, I wish we got a bit more of her
Dude's versatile for someone whose most noteworthy power is turning into a ferret XD
Indeed, I do wish they did a bit more with him
Fair XD
?
Yeah pretty much, I barely remember Chrono even has familiars at times
Agreed, which ones are you thinking of?
Honestly the whole cast is really nice
She is, that and I have a big soft spot for knightly girls
Figured XD
Signum, but Fate's a close second, yourself?
Either way it influenced things so much Nanoha and Fate then got a kid
Same, though I mean more when she showed up the tone drastically changed. Since before it was just normal magical girl stuff but then came in Fate and with her the entire plot line with her mother and the Bureau
Huh, intriguing
And then they thought let's give her a cute blonde to romance, and the franchise's destiny would be altered forever XD
Kaleid Liner is majorly divergent from normal Fate logic whereas Nanoha is just it's own thing
Oh superbly so
Spooky
Maybe she secretly knew about her magic this entire time, being a ghost and all
That's a weird thought
Or rather Kaleid Liner was just Fate Nanoha
Nanoha was just proto Kaleid Liner in every way, they both have these different continuities, etc
I do find it strange how much those franchises overlap though
Eh just watch the original you'll be fine XD
I do love the idea they're having those ninja adventures thinking they're all badass meanwhile Nanoha's off blowing up skyscrapers trying to romance the cute blonde she met in a fight
2nd A's is a good movie
Ooooh, that is a lot
Very, tons of series to choose from so just go with whatever strikes your fancy the most
Aye
It's quite fun XD
For me it was Nanoha -> Kamen Rider -> Symphogear
Well it just makes sense in my head, if you like Symphogear you likely already like either Nanoha, Kamen Rider, or both
I should've seen that coming XD
And yeah of course tons of people here are Nanoha fans XD
I have like a built in tolerance to old anime visuals so it's not much of an issue for me, but they def haven't aged well in some areas
Kinda yeah, I do wish we get some more expansion on that in later instalments, would be fun to explore this big universe
I think they were meant to be sister series to cover different areas, but since Force never panned out Vivid had to fill the hole
Sigma Ferret
Reinforce is cute
And there's a *lot*
Exactly <:HibikiFingerguns:688429715836502063>
If they're not your friend, fight them until they are
Aye, granted I've got a lot of nostalgia bias for the early seasons
Aye, it had a massive cast with a lot of potential, but just not enough time or know how to fill it
Wouldn't surprise me
Aye, there may have been some intention for Nanoha and Yuuno, but by the time we hit A's Fate has certainly claimed her spot
Aye, though by the time we hit A's the ball felt like it was rolling
For lack of a better word
Aye, it's balanced by the sheer amount of heart the show has
Eeeeexactly
I imagine when Fate came in she brought all these elements with her, and in doing so began the big diversion that differentiated Nanoha from other shows like it
This is very true
I still have yet to watch the movie after Reflection, still need to
That whole bit was really nice
A's
I did see this idea to ship him with Scrya one time
The monk has mastered all
Sweet
Have people watched Eighty Six?
Also goddamn I forgot how menacing Nana was
Best we ensure Karen has as little firepower as possible, she already takes the Nanoha route to friendships
Starlight is just Karen speak for seduce
Whelp time to have ten story ideas about this stuff and not do anything with it XD
Yeeeeeeeeeep
Just when I thought Hololive lore was one thing, Nijisanji EN is a whole other beast XD https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZsQ5-FsM0s
Ooooh, I watched that ages ago, it was awesome.
Vidiv is very fun 👌
Love it 👌
I'm watching Vanitas No Carte and lordy everyone here is bi, like I never thought a show could ooze bi-energy before but this is it
Just watched ep 1 of that, looking quite fun!
https://tenor.com/view/manly-crying-cloudy-with-a-chance-of-meatballs-earl-gif-5672974
Would if I could
Gotcha, I'll check those out if Gogo Anime isn't backed up, thanks 👍
F, I hope it gets back up soon I was just starting GX XD
Crud, it's gateway's timed out on my end
Is Gogo Anime having it's gateway timed out normal?
Hoorah! Glad to hear you enjoyed yourself 👍
Given how I have a stupidly large love of knights this is next to Hero-san as my new favourite thing https://mangakakalot.com/read-qq0ey158504961776
Love After World Domination makes the Toku fan in me so damn happy, probably just a me thing but just makes me smile
Fascinating
Intriguing, I'll add it to my list to check out
Ooooh, intriguing. Never watched it myself
Horizon?
Oooooooh, this looks interesting!
I need to watch that sometime
You know...they're not wrong XD
You'd think the lord of demons would actually act demonic XD
XD
Fair fair, everyone's tastes are gonna be different after all
SpyxFamily, Love After World Domination, Shikimori, Kaguya S3, lotta good stuff this season
I just finished the latest episode and honestly I'm having a great time
Agreed
Aye, just odd looking at it now XD
That's a weird thought
Gimme a paladin protagonist
Every evil anime priest is just bland when compared to Kirei or Anderson
Yeah but we've seen that one like ten times now it's boring
I suppose Ainz is a good example, but he feels like an exception instead of the norm, which is weird how demon lords of all things are now more often good than evil nowadays
Like I just want an anime with a demon lord that's evil, no cushy "Oh but I'm actually good and that seven headed tiger monster is just misunderstood" I want like just straight up, Archaon Grand Marshal of Chaos the anime
Though I could just be nitpicking
Ainz is awesome don't get me wrong, but he feels more his own thing
You know horns, all devil-looking, big sword, classiv RPG final boss
Not a bad point actually, albeit I'm thinking more an actual demon than a lich
We've got Goblin Slayer doing classic fantasy well, Frieren doing elves well, now all we need is an anime/manga/novel that does a demon lord well, aka make them actually evil
Okay that is kinda sick
That's one heck of a comparison XD
Had a neat twist on a classic idea and actually pulled off an underdog story, which you don't see in isekai nowadays
I mean I liked it
Shield Hero went bad I take it?
Which I like about him
If he truly didn't care he wouldn't have gone out of his way to help people, though honestly I don't even think he realises it
He can say that all he wants but his actions consist of saving lives on a regular basis
I always just saw him as neutral good
Neato
What a chad
And he uses a spear
Thank youuuuu
Oh sicko
Love him
https://tenor.com/view/kotomine-kirei-mapo-tofu-heavens-feel-gif-20212277
Makes sense
I suppose, but like come on. I get it demons trying to be good is cool, we all love Devilman, but not all of them need to be misunderstood waifus
I'm sure there's def at least one of those
I have heard good things
I'm just amazed at the trend at how demon lords seem to be good more often than evil these days
Probably
I mean I'm sure there's one out there somewhere
Gimme an anime where the demon lord is evil and the protagonist is the paladin of a church that's actually nice, now that's a challenge
Kirei is Kirei, he hates people
I mean alignments by their nature are a confusing thing
We do not question Stroheim he is a saint
It's boring after the tenth time
Nazi zombies, Nazi wereolves, Nazi vampires
Okay true but it's like how Nazis are always the villains in western stories
I know if people judged me for my writing from that long ago I wouldn't consider it fair
I mean he did all the SAO stuff like....15 years ago now?
Oh neat
It's western ones I was referring too mainly
Oh yeah, eastern dragons are very much their own thing
Reject subverting, return to classic
Aye, just weird to see how tropes have shifted to invert their origins
It varies
True, still if I get another add for a webcomic about a dragon who's actually a misunderstood hearthrob imma groan hard
Just weird when you look at it from the origins
Giant horde of treasure and all that
You ever find it weird how in a lot of media nowadays the dragons are depicted as misunderstood and thee monarchs are depicted as being incredibly greedy ~~usually always men by the way~~ despite dragons in the mythological origins being allegories for immense greed and pride?
https://tenor.com/view/muhti%C5%9Fim-gif-21960984
Except Devilman, they got it right
Pretty much yeah
Lol
I wouldn't even mind if they were more Devilman-esque and had to struggle against that nature, but for others it seems being a demon is just being another breed of people and has no inherent darkness to it
Suppose that explains some aspects anyway
Fair enough
So the idea of a Demon Lord to Japan is less Sauron and more the Ice Queen from Narnia?
Oooooooooh
Though in the most recent case I saw it wasn't even the protagonist as the demon lord, they were the hero as usual and just defected
That's a fair point
Because they're almost always cute girls so we can have chadicus storm-willy charm them because "they're the only ones who showed me kindness" and "they're not like other humans"? XD
How so?
Wait
Like book 15 on my "read eventually" list
Never got around to reading it tho
Oh yeah Asterisk War, I think I still have vol 1 of that buried somewhere
I mean I just loved it overall
I mean you do you man
I'm looking forward to the second Progressive movie anyway, loved the first
I know
Idk, just always been a point that frustrates me to this day. One crappy arc outta like seven decent ones and the internet still won't shut up about it, and then *still* refuse to acknowledge the arc that fixes all those issues they complain about
It's amazing what drafting can do for you
Who knew writers improved with feedback
Would reccomend
Progressive first movie is good
I read the novels and saw the first movie
But like it had one bad arc outta like what now seven? And we're still hearing about it to this day
They good
And Fairy Dance just sucked, like that's it. Show had one pretty bad arc
Aincrad's skip was def a bad move ~~even if the current movies are fixing just that~~
Agreed, and no one acknowledges it's existence XD
I mean I think Mothers Basement is sweet don't get me wrong but he just utterly ignored the best arc in the series. Like if you're going to meld your identity around ripping on this show you may as well commit
Fair
The day a youtuber actually acknowledges Mother's Rosario's existence I'll eat my hat
I mean I'm one of those guys who still maintains the mentality everyone gives it way too much flack
He puts out like seven novels a year it's bonkers
Aye
The anime did make me cry for a week tho
Love Suka Suka
Aaaaaaahh, I love it
Tell me someone recognises this
https://tenor.com/view/suka-suka-world-end-chtholly-nota-seniorious-yum-gif-21696809
Oh! One of my favourite light novels is World End
Eh? I love her
Starring this lady
https://tenor.com/view/majo-no-tabitabi-elaina-wandering-witch-op-gif-20026832
I believe so yes
Oh damn, neat
Did read Wandering Witch, fun time
Ooof
Oh and of course I've read Goblin Slayer
Oooof
Knew I remembered that one
Of Fantasy and Ash?
Watched and read SAO, read vol 1 of Asterisk, watched Blade Dance and vol 1 of it's manga, watched Chivalry of a Failed Knight and Absolute Duo
Bruh you just keep reminding me of anime I forgot I watched XD
Wait are Chivalry's novels in english?
I had completely forgotten about it XD
I watched Blade Dance like ages ago
Ooooooooooooooh Cypher you just awoke a memory in me
Memory bad
I did read vol 1
No that's vol 2
They're translating them there
You not on the server?
https://tenor.com/view/cloudy-with-a-chance-of-meatballs-enough-to-make-a-grown-man-cry-police-officer-make-a-man-cry-gif-15227532
I do now cry every time I hear Scarborough Fare, and that's okay
Oh neat
So I guessed XD
||And that Willem ended up marrying Nygglatho like what the hell goes on???||
||Like I kept seeing stuff at how Willem and Nephren somehow survived but I had no clue where that whole idea came from||
~~You know this actually explains a lot of images I saw online~~
I gotta get reading
Oh, well now
Wait there's more?
Same
I just had a fun time with it honestly
I just found it fun
https://tenor.com/view/blackrabbit-anime-cartoon-japanese-waving-gif-7480149
Loved it
I also watched that
Ooooooooooh!
Oh totally
I mean it is just a literal progression in the tech as the show progresses
I can feel that
Virtual world series does virtual world
Weird how that works
Also same
Same honestly
Two secs
Shall look into it
That the one where Nobunaga's a cute blonde?
We love her
Ooooh, sweet
Utter rejection of authority and common sense it's hilarious
I like the main three's tendency to just do whatever they want without consequence
Oooooooo
Even if I do have a soft spot for Asterisk, but I have also only read the first book so I'm lacking a lot of context
Rakudai good
Agreed <:HibikiFingerguns:688429715836502063>
Also this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph5QSuYoVg8
This https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kmaba2TopE
See brought it back to the channel's topic
Which is how cute Desumi is in the sentai anime Love After World Domination
https://tenor.com/view/love-after-world-domination-anime-blush-desumi-magahara-gif-25349870
Indeed we don't, instead lets talk about something more appropriate for the chat
Yeah those were iffy ~~Megaforce~~, Dino Charge was neat tho
Aye, plus RPM's...like everything XD
Yee, Jungle Fury's my fave
Aye, in between we had Dino Thunder, SPD, Mystic Force, Overdrive and Jungle Fury
Aye, I believe it started with Ninja Storm and ended with RPM
The Disney era was certainly interesting
From what little knowledge I have of it it does seem fun.
Dude was like my age when he wrote them, I can’t say I could write any better
Like I have no problem why the criticisms themselves. They’re well deserved, but it’s another thing to just ignore when the show does go out of its way to work on said issues.
True, I'm probably just bitter since I'm a fan of it despite all that
Worse things have come and gone since 2011, we can stop pretending SAO is the worst thing anime has produced
Like I love Mothers Basement, but I watched all his vids and he just completely ignores Mothers Rosario's existence. I get it you wanna stay on brand but this is just ignoring things for the sake of maintaining a narrative.
That and anitube seems utterly incapable of acknowledging when it actually improves
As much as I appreciate those vids I wouldn't consider them a magnum opus, that and I'm just kinda tired of the dead horse that is criticising SAO
And Overlord
Oh and Spice and Wolf
They got SAO, Tanya, Shield Hero, soon to have Eighty Six and Legend of the Galactic Heroes
I am amazed it took them this long but they're finally doing it
Speaking of which, they now have a good amount of books on Audible
One of like three fantasy LN's that isn't an isekai too next to Goblin Slayer
Wandering Witch is a good one tho
Like I'm sure The Boys is great but I've long since grown exhausted of people treating the now centuries old idea of "What if the good guys, were *bad*!" like it's some incredible new idea
Same reason we only see superhero stories nowadays
Lol
I feel that can apply to a lot of things
Lol
One step closer
||The legend has finally reclaimed his throne, praise Buggy!!||
Praise our lord!!!
The prophecy has been fulfilled
The time has come
Spoilers for One Piece: Chapter 1053
👀 Maids?
Okay *exactly* like Broly
And then maybe in like ten years you'll get a girl version before a movie a year after that
The non canon filler arc everyone *wants* to be canon
I just imagine this is going to be RWBY Broly
Oh I have no doubt Shaft will make something entertaining
And honestly Blake is like a narrative black hole sucking out the potential of all who orbit her
And then Yang forgot her character arc surrounding her mom, forgot her second mom also
Then they made Adam an incel
I mean look I don't care if it's SHAFT my patience for RWBY has run as dry as a desert
Absolutely <:MikuExcited:738174629251907594>
I love this show
Well I finally caught up with Kaguya, goddamn
Lol
Fair
||This is what happens when you make it up as you go along||
It's less even a Monty's plan thing and more just the foreshadowing was there and they never acted on it. Ravens scene in at the end of vol 2 being retconned for example
That's very fair. It's more just my patience with this series ran out a while ago. Unless this anime pulls off something impressive imma skip out on this one, I gotta catch up on Kaguya-sama
Yeah exactly, was ambiguous with the reveal in Super and now is full canon due to the movie
<:Ver:704169051391524875>
I dumb
Never mind
Oooh
She was Umi right?
Was Nana in them?
Honestly I would've expected a Gear crossover before this
Huh, well this is surreal
Is it all of them getting transported, or is it like Sonic and the Black Knight logic where main characters just happen to look like the girls?
Like, twelve episodes and all?
Oh no hold on I see the promo art
I thought that was a joke
Wait so a Sunshine Isekai is actually happening?
Announced what? Like a game?
I wake up and see 'Aquors isekai' in my feed, what happening?
Symphogear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTlMYmiQOz8
Ooooh, my bad
This is true
And not officially translated
~~It does *really* feel like they wanted to use the girl version in the anime~~
He's not Shirou good, but he's def neat
But it was fun
I had no clue what was happening
I mean I had a fun time with the anime
I have, fun time
We don't see enough of her
It's def fun, even if honestly Prillya just doesn't make any sense if you try and apply any Fate logic to it, but it is a magical girl spin off, so I shouldn't be too harsh on that end
Naaah, I love it but the VN had more time to develop them all
Not unwelcome tho
Oath Under Snow was just such a massive change when I first saw it
But yeah Prillya does play it up a ton for comedy
It's only for their route and it's given time and explanation for each one
The girls only like him in their specific routes. Rin isn't crushing on him in Heavens Feel for example
Not really
And guy who's way too cool
https://tenor.com/view/shirou-shirou-emiya-oath-under-snow-fate-kaleid-liner-miyuverse-shirou-gif-22964572
Sherou
https://tenor.com/view/anime-oh-no-oh-oopsie-fate-gif-21735588
Shirou
https://tenor.com/view/shirou-emiya-fate-stay-night-fate-anime-gif-22330848
Honestly I don't even consider them the same character
Less murder happy
https://tenor.com/view/illya-illyasviel-von-einzbern-hercules-heracles-gif-22565381
What's the word
Since they're all so much less.....
In main Fate it makes sense, but with Prillya I think that's kind of the joke
Revue's got gooood music
Good choice 👌
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K43ui9_ul1M
I miss Eugeo
Well I saw the news and thought cool XD
Oh sweet
Yee
The girl from "I spent time killing slimes" right?
Potential worlds
500
Oh well that narrows it down to only.......
I just really liked the OP and wanted to know if she show was neat XD
Well that's good to hear
Is Call of the Night any good?
||This be giving me mad Secret Empire vibes and that ain’t a good thing||
||Idk man, she's the only one of the main cast to have a German name, and from what I saw of this dream sequence it looks pretty on the nose. If it looks like this, sounds like this and the imagery has been used heavily in the marketing, it's hard for me to view it in any other way. If it is an exaggeration then sure that's fine, but given how her very militaristic design has been so dominant in the marketing it makes me worry. But at the same time I could be worrying over nothing, I'll wait til the anime is over to make a full judgement.||
Well cause we had this arc already. She had some bad views cause she had a bad childhood, learnt that those views were bad and became a better person. Was it great? No not at all, but I find it hard to believe she was secretly one of those this entire time.
Honestly if it works for you go for it, but this has hammered my suspension of disbelief harder than an Elden Ring boss XD
||Right. Well that was the one character I still liked, so much for that one XD||
||Yeah exactly, so wouldn't that have already happened?||
||Didn't she already learn racism was bad in season one? That whole little arc with Blake and all||
||That and she's the only member of the cast with a German name, so my money's on Nazi||
||So is Weiss secretly some fascist if that's what her innermost thoughts and desires look like? XD||
||Is it true in the latest episode Weiss' inner mind is some Nazi Germany hell hole?||
Speaking of RWBY, question for latest ep
And idol show
https://twitter.com/ladygwyndolin/status/1551756068799348737?s=12&t=EDQefcoBrrOm1BeB78PFhg
Are you bad for liking Gigguk now?
Neat
Shin Goji is goooood
Hilariously I did see the notifs and was right about to ask "We talking about GATE?" XD
Assumptive?
Given how horrendous games journalism is, I honestly wouldn't expect anime journalism to be any better
Same, I can kinda get it if I shift my head enough. Thing is my own history isn't really applicable, so it's hard for me to really look at it from that sorta perspective.
What more do you need *other* than waifu helicopters?
Can't say I know myself
A little yeah
Fair
Like how the crosses are literally just there cause he thought it looked cool
Eeeeeeh, I wouldn't go that far, especially given how there's just so much going on there, and it's hard to tell which bits have deeper meaning and what doesn't.
Subtle XD
Is that the guy who heads Silver Link?
Agreed
Elaina's cute
Okay fair
Reading is good for you
Please read
Please read books
86 is good, read books
G is the only one I watched and I love it
https://tenor.com/view/duel-star-wars-flame-fire-darth-vader-gif-7971806
Owl House seemed pretty kid-centric honestly, and this is the same streaming service that has all of Star Wars on it
I suppose? Honestly it just kinda struck me as 'this isn't your average fantasy', heck they even say that in the first episode
How'd it attract an older audience? Seemed pretty tame
I'm fairly sure it is, they had plenty of episodes, they just used a lot of them for filler during the main arcs
More? That thing had more filler than a Shonen why would they want more episodes?
Really? I thought that show stayed big, it's even in that Smash clone WB made
Probably Disney doing something to mess it up
Unless your Steven Universe
Again
Oh man animation in the west got shafted
Dude that's awesome!
Holy shoot actually?
I honestly love how they did this whole new ED for this song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lm8oy2vQ1BI
Maybe they were clearing up space to install Elden Ring
That's the crazy cycle of this all, we demand for representation from these big IP's owned by big corporations, and then get shocked when corporations act like corporations, which in turn either causes them to pivot away from it, or pull a Marvel and lean so far into it it becomes parodic
Pretty much, I mean if they did treat it as a story opportunity it would just be the same as writing any other romance
While simultaneously embracing that identity on its merch every time pride month rolls around
You know with this
I don't think I ever made it past S1
I watched it dubbed way back when it was no TV
Oh lord Mel you just awakened memories I forgot I had
Ooooh, good stuff
I think I was on 7 before I got sidetracked
It is very cute 👌
Yeah I can tell this isn't gonna go somewhere pleasant, ping me if someone starts talking about Love After World Domination, I need someone to talk about that with
Or not?
Oh, never mind
We sure this aint a hentai? XD
It does just look like a hentai
I'm kinda stretching some for the sake of the joke, but it is an uncomfortable through line
So from that we're either talking about Einherjar, Demon Lord, Redo or maybe Shield Hero
https://tenor.com/view/lycoris-recoil-lycoris-recoil-takina-yuri-takina-gif-26227535
Lycorsis is fun
Let's wait until Hibiki and Miku adopt a kid and then we can confirm it
https://tenor.com/view/fate-apocrypha-shrug-mordred-seigfried-karna-gif-9510026
We love him
I liked it quite a lot
Shame, it gets awesome
Lol
We have a cute demon lord
https://tenor.com/view/yuusha-yamemasu-gif-26182785
So I'm Quitting Heroing is fantastic, for reasons I can't say, because it would spoil a lot. You're just gonna have to take my word on this one
So can someone explain to me why Orion is a teddy bear and Artemis is a servant despite being a goddess? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQM2NenTNYk
Lol true
Owl House is basically an isekai
Gotcha 👍
It's all good I appreciate it
Thank you 👍
Huh, alrighty
Gotcha
Well yeah that's bound to happen with any franchise
So it's specialised for FGO's summoning?
*Huh*, okay
There's a exception to everything after all XD
So Artemis hijacked the summoning and broke the rules?
Superbly so
I've heard it's brilliant, really gotta check it out soon
It really depends what you want out of Sonic. There's so many differences in the fanbase there was always going to be some part that wouldn't like it. Say the Adventure crowd that'd want a more serious story
Maybe they'll make a Fallout 76 show
Would that also be basa's charm point? <:KirikaActually:688433197402554423>
Well...oh yeah that *does* happen a lot
I just remember that scene in Discordgear
Eighty Six good
Well it could equally be a character study, like how Saving Private Ryan had a lot of moments of just the soldiers talking
It does kinda have those vibes yeah
Nanoha A's got hands
And metaphorically
Literally
Inferno Cop was fire
Fair enough
What's happening with Boruto?
It is glorious
Love G Gundam
I'd say so, well written, well animated, self contained, good story, good characters, and strangely accurate to it all
Spoilers for Cyberpunk Edgerunners: ||*Especially* whenever Adam Smasher shows up, that's usually how that all goes||
In more ways than one
Very accurate
Very
~~Good pfp choice~~
It's *certainly* accurate to the TTRPG that's for sure
Alright so Cyberpunk Edgerunners was fantastic
The deepest
||That's usually how character deaths from him go||
||It *is* game accurate hilariously||
||He's been in the TTRPG since day one I think||
||Lucy especially||
He didn't, but honestly none of them did
He is basically Cyberpunk Daemogorgon, and not the weird Stranger Things version
You and a loooooot of others
||Love Adam Smasher||
Wonderful pain
Good pain tho
It do be pain
True
||They hadn't written it yet||
Well that's simple
||Usually how it goes on the tabletop||
Cause
||"I'm special, I guess."||
We jumped to Symphogear and are happier for it
Honestly good on you
Apologies, in hindsight was abrupt
I have honestly lost all care or love for RWBY, this isn't GOT, there's no book I can wait ten years for
<@228659769404030976> we're talking about RWBY btw
Literally just how a writer feels about a character guiding them instead of how they actually are
The writing's just bad, plain and simple
And is a Symphogear one playing Peach?
What're the Japanese casts for the Mario movie
So I'm curious
Literally Let Me Solo Her if they were an anime character
Korone voices Toad
I'm hoping like
Crud
I'll honestly be laughing so hard is someone like Ayahi Takagaki is picked
Pretty damn ripped
https://tenor.com/view/shirou-emiya-fate-stay-night-fate-anime-gif-22330848
It's Shirou day my dudes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMjPVenqzRw
IBO is pretty sweet
Vivid Strike is cool
Good to hear
So how has the yuri Gumdam been so far?
Fair fair
I've heard the show is basically Hibiki x Chris with mechs
Nice
Oooooooh
I'll find a way
Fudge
How so?
Oh kickass
Nice
Def gonna have to give it a go then
I imagine, it'd be really hard to match that original feel even just from a pure technical standpoint
Honestly the animation sounds like it'd be a jarring contrast
Oh that sounds...unique XD
Def going on the list then! I've always wanted to give the movies a go, my only exposure to Gundam has been its of Shining and IBO, so I'd mostly be looking at it all with fresh eyes
True true, the original movies def seem like an interesting piece of history animation-wise
Part of me really wants to watch the original 70s Gundam at some point
Give it time, it wraps around come the second half
Pretty interesting look at it all https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojULfIuyK20
Idolmaster mech?
Makes sense, I can see what you mean
Also very fair XD Good points
I find the overall point interesting, I find it puts the whole genres life cycle into perspective
Very fair
I'd say it does yeah
Man I love Gintama
Ooooooh, my bad then
It's the same reason some morons idealise the God Emperor, or Light, the point just flew right over their head
You think so? I'd def say the intent matters, it's not the writers fault if some people on the internet don't get the message
Lelouch feels much more like an actual protagonist who's allowed to make mistakes and be proven wrong, Rick on the other hand just feels like the writer's smug insert to expunge whatever ideology they thinks is best
I don't think there's a single moment where Rick messes up that badly and it all doesn't somehow comeback to him always being right
||"I could say, hey kill all the-||
Thing is Rick never seems to have things just plain not go in his favour like Lelouch does sometimes, so I wouldn't put them on the same level. When Lelouch screws up, he screws up hard
It's people enduring the brutal hellscape of war through the power of good old fashioned chemistry
If there's one thing I like more than the brutal hellscape of war
Not literally
Narratively
Niiiiiiiiiiiiiice
Okay this is right up my alley
Yuri and brutal trauma
Oh sick
Like what's the tone?
Mercury that is
So is this the "Brutal consequences of war" type Gundam story, or the "VR happy fun time" Gundam story?
Makes sense
Nice
Can't have Gundam without space war
For war right?
Aaaah, gotcha
So they like training these kids to be child mech soldiers or something?
True XD
Okay neat, so do movie series to get best original Gundam experience
Fudge
Gotcha gotcha, cause Crunchyroll seems to only have the TV series, that or I'm miss-searching it
Oh on the topic of that, is the original Gundam series (like the very first one) start as a movie series? Or an anime series? I'm having a hard time telling.
Already got that one
Will add Bocchi
Oh true Dragon Maid
Already on it
Way ahead of you
Shall do
Give me your reccomendations
I bought a Crunchyroll subscription
So I've realised that living on my own, watching the same youtube videos over and over again isn't really going to do my mental health any good since I won't even be paying attention and I'll just get stressed on stuff, so for my own good
Would normally but using Switch
True true
Right I forgot Bikini Bottom was ruled by a ruthless monarchy
I swear this is for the purpose of learning influential animation history
I suddenly feel possessed to watch the Spongebob movie for the first time in like more than a decade
That was
Aaaaand finished
||I love how Takina just doesn't hesitate to try and shoot him||
Some really smart fight scenes too
||Exploding roombas, what a day||
God this is emotional
In like a really heartstring pull way
Things are certainly intense atm that's for sure
10
Like really good
This stuff is good
Oh I'm there
||Man Shinji literally refers to her as their daughter, these dudes are just straight up her dads it's fantastic||
Wow Mika and Shinji are really gay
Neato
||Oh his name's literally Majima, that's perfect||
This show is great
||Oh god they're using a fan||
||Pfff, Chisato trying on Takina's boxers||
Oh incredibly so
||Unique to say the least||
||A decoy train that was then countered by bombs||
||Oh god they just mowed an entire train||
These two are great
Superbly so
Ah yes, the aquariumm where all yuri converges
It's brilliant
Saaaaaaame
"How dare she have a life outside of our rigid, orphaned teenager paramilitary system, such a bad soldier!"
She's just so fun
Man I love Chisato
Good
Yah
Chisato is trying so desperately to give Takina a hint and she's just dense as a brick it's hilarious
Lol
Seeing Chisato get so giddy over clothes is funny
I can see why everyone's calling Chisato Hibiki and Chris' kid
Lycoris is proving pretty fun so far
Shall do 👍
Chisato is def best girl, but Takina really had me in those last few episodes
Everything about it was just really on point
Really damn good
Or I guess Dune is a better example
So it's like Game of Thrones but with companies?
Dude what if we bickered in the Gundam cockpit
Perfect
Aaaaaaaah
Oh military man?
I'm having a little trouble telling who's who on the faction side of things but I imagine that'll be clearer later
Yah
||This is adorable||
||Oh I am in love||
||Oh she's literally going to duel for the noble girls honour||
A totally heterosexual one
Yes
So we have a marriage plot...and Suletta's right there...I think we all know where this is going
So our villains are the Monopoly men I take it
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/335763997431300096/1026475147005280257/dorkr.gif
Oh hey it's the gif
Well started Witch from Mercury, Suletta is...interesting
I saw this piece of fan art and got interested
Oh kickass
Sweet, I'll give it a go then
Gotcha
Gotcha, would you reccomend?
Is the yuri Gundam finished? Or is it still going on?

And these two are really yuri
This show is fun
I look forward to seeing more of this
Okay well ngl that was pretty awesome so far
Well that's one heck of a note to end this watching session on
||Oh deary dear||
||Oh dear||
6
I'm honestly enjoying it a lot so far
Bruh Guel's in a literal camping tent poor lad
Narratively one may as well try and fight the wind
Yuri protag and shonen protag
Suletta is wielding the same deadly combination Hibiki wields
But I'm convinced it'll all work out in the end
Potentially
Why so?
Space makes everything more yuri, this has been the law since Madoka
*Meaning* Suletta can go through lots and lots of Kanzari-branded character development before busting into space Musk's space castle on some random space moon and carry Miorine away in a bridal hold from her evil dad and get married on Saturn or something
Yeah meaning we're eventually going to get a scarring and traumatic war
It *is* tho
"Don't you dare go all Romeo and Juliet on me!" Glorious
This is true
Mech-ify everything
It's the natural extension of things really
I'm starting to realise this future is basically the Elon Musk takes billionaires into space while the lower folk are stuck on Earth timeline
||Suuuuure Guel, sure you're not smitten. Mr "Don't get the wrong idea or anything!" dude's a mess of emotions rn||
Aaaaw, I kinda feel bad for Guel
||Suletta you're a freaking marriage magnet||
||igbisudjfgvskdgvsd *TWO* marriage proposals in just as many days?!||
I'm gonna be impressed if Suletta's kindness and determination actually causes her to become bros with Guel
Adorable
And Suletta wants to go on dates
Okay yeah that's her
And I'm taking that headset lady is Suletta's mother under a new name like she is
Oh sweet, thank you
Liking it so far!
Sick, I'll see if I can get a few more eps in then
Gotcha
So Miorine's dad is like a high king for capitalists
Okay I think I get it
https://tenor.com/view/game-of-thrones-dont-say-it-gif-5568358
Cause her dad owns the whole company?
Okay that was a fun first episode
Oh this is adorable
Oh she literally fought for a cute princesses honour and got engaged on the first day
Oh so they're literally engaged
That's basically for life in anime terms
Neat
I assume the connection between Suletta and Miorne translates to "married"
Gotcha gotcha
https://tenor.com/view/goblin-slayer-stressed-priestess-anime-you-get-used-to-it-gif-13752108
Even when your colour is exactly the same, prejudice will find its way in somehow
Fascinating
Wasn't the protag in G Japanese?
+newtype
Yeah that's fair
Canadian anime protag, not something you see often
I never knew
Oooh
Wasn't Amaro asian?
Also yeah damn she is tall
Adorable
Ooooh, cool
This whole premise is both interesting and adorable, and I'm all here for it
I'm intrigued to see where this Game of Thrones-esque set up takes us
Are psychic love interests...common in Gundam? XD
Or both
Or religion
This anime is certainly going some interesting directions anyway
She slung her fishing pole and just started reeling
She wants a cute mercurian bride
Literally looks at the camera and screams "I'm that girls bride."
||Well Miorine got the parents approval so nothing's stopping her now||
||Oh, okay her mom just straight admitted it||
Miorine really is the best bride
Well watching G-Witch ep 7
||https://twitter.com/apdoodles/status/1594644462713577473?t=QJacu86Pu01bIDvZMbIBGQ&s=19||
Oooooh, nice
Her mothers just gotta teach her how to take the initiative
Either way they're engaged and Miorin's being a big ol tsun rn
Hamefura
Oh my word
Got the first 4 eps of the Arknights anime done, quite good so far
I don't know the specifics of that, but regardless I feel bad for the lad
I honestly feel so bad for his kid, he's clearly trying but it just aint working
He's like Solid Snake, they're just gonna keep pulling him out
So is 2099 the villain? Or is that a different version?
||Makes sense makes sense||
Aaaaah, fair

||So do you think Miorinne actually was just using Suletta? Or this is more a lack of communication on their part?||
Aaaggghhhhh
When things are gettingg *this* intense???
Ouch
Well lordy lord I can't wait for next episode
||Oh lord well this is one hell of the cliffhanger||
||Are they actually gonna break up or something? Or is Miorinne just a combination of dense and work on the brain||
||True||
||We really gonna go through a break-up arc rn||
||This man really trying to NTR them||
||Oh wow Elan you took a turn||
Witch from Mercury continues to be really fun
||Miorinne be dense to her grooms feelings||
Like I'm always of the opinion that a good writer can make any story good, but man do I have that claim tested sometimes XD
That's very fair
It is a timeless classic
We do not bismirch Godzilla VS Barkley in this household
But still
That is a very good point
Watching any of the animated Batman or Superman movies would be a better use of my time
You could do Batman being isekai'd into Westeros and it would make significantly more sense
Of course they do
I have better media I can be consuming, better Batman and Superman media for one
This is not worth the space in my head
I shouldn't bother
But like what overlap do these have?
Like Justice League and Power Rangers I get
Why
But like
Man I thought Batman Ninja was awkward, that one at least had some style to it
Oh wow
Neato
Neat, shall watch
It Bocchi the Rock good?
Niiiiiice
And we love it for that
Okay yeah Bocchi is really fun
This vid is good https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph5QSuYoVg8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TlgfFPMIQ8
~~Or the chad option, don't go on Twitter~~
Fair
Suletta probably could physically, I can just never see her mustering up the courage to do so
Looks tall
Recoil do be fantastic
This'll be interesting
Hold on...both Yu and Adachi are voiced by the same guy in the P4 anime XD
https://twitter.com/FireSisterBee/status/1609974193679917056?s=20&t=W6diqb3B9hQ9I7mGGj2YEA
At that point I'd just use MHA, shorter that way
https://tenor.com/view/waiting-spongebob-lonely-sad-raining-gif-5248000
We'll get an Eldar show eventually...maybe...sometime
IBO op now has a whole new meaning

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/Y1RO6QdPHoo
Ooooooooooh, nice
I forgot how much I liked Izayoi
The hit Jaiden Smith movie After Earth
Slugterra
Ben 10
Or Owl House
Is Code Lyoko an isekai 🤔
Is Samurai Jack an isekai 🤔
If we can fit it into the budget yes
"What wold you do at the end of the world, are you busy? Will you save us?" Would actually fit quite well for an internal monologue
We would not dare prophane it's literary presence with a mere meta-quip
Last episode has a much better line to use
Noooooooooo no no no
Oh no
I loved when Eren said this is my attack on titan
Awesome stuff 👍
Now we just need to see if it commits to the influence and give Hibiki and Miku a kid
"Please scan your clubcard, Hayata-san"
Heck they even share a main voice actress, I can easily see Nana throwing in some suggestions at how to hit that same kinda vibe
Oh yeah they absoloutley did that
Truuuuuuue
It's kinda like in Power Rangers when you see the weapons combine and you get all those badass movements where it all clicks together for some big magic attack, gives me the same vibes
I could absoloutley see Toonami having an ad like "Purchase Signum's sword, with real voice commands!"
Reminds me of early Transformers and Toku
Nanoha certainly feels more aimed at dudes with the tone and more of an emphasis on the "cool" factor of its weapons. They all have mecha-esque forms, cool mechanical voices, the kinda stuff you'd hear from like, a Kamen Rider belt
Pffff
Strikers def has its fun parts, I enjoyed it even if it's pacing could really use some work
Relatable
That is not a zoinks face
This is like some narrative ship of Theseus. If we take away all their traits and replace them with different ones, but it's technically the same character, is it actually the same character?
Certainly looks fun
I'll need to check this out soon
Very good anime
2 *very* prominent samples!
I have not
But no
Watching ep 7 rn
~~WHY DOES THE MIDNIGHT CHANNEL MAKE EVERYONE HORNY??!?!?!?!~~
These next few episodes are gonna be something I can tell XD
Well I just saw the post credit scene showing his little scene in the TV, so yeeeeeep XD
Kanji is...interesting, to say the least
The Persona 4 anime is really fun so far
Oh heck yeah, it's quite good, would reccomend
It's another pointless reboot of a nostalgic property clearly trying to stir up as much twitter fights as possible, the writing seemed on the wall
~~I was being sarcastic, just to clarify~~
Oh well that makes it all better then XD
Figured
Are we talking about the Velma show?
Alright so pure guesswork
I haven't watched it but I did see screenshots and...yeah certainly looks like something alright XD
True
Or it's just a really shite show with it's head up its bum
A mystery machine, if you will
It's all some giant comedy ARG
I mean I'll be honest I'm half convinced that Velma show was some elaborate bit, and the curtain will be pulled to reveal it as the greatest practical joke of the year
I saw bits and pieces, yeah it's not great
I watched it as a kid, was fun
Yeah it was certainly something
It's like making Winx Club but with nothing that made it-oh right they did that already
Legit what is point
We'll watch both
We should all just take a page out of Das' book and go watch Lycoris Recoil again
Come on it is "adult animation" after all, show me those narrative intricacies
What're it's themes?
I mean *does* this show have a meaning? What's the message?
What I'm seeing is dumb writing, plain and simple
Lol
Bruh that man has insecurites? Weak sauce, let us poke and laugh
If their message is to poke fun at the idea of toxic masculinity, doesn't his already existing character subvert that concept?
Yeah but like, why tho?
Like Shaggy was just a dude who never fit the conventional idea of a man being strong and brave, and he was fine with that. Dude just lives his best life with his dog, what exaclty about that is "beta"? Like should I consider myself pathetic because my idea of a good time is watching anime while my cat sleeps beside me?
What exactly is the message with Shaggy the beta male?
Actually there is one thing about that show that confuses me
Legit they knew how to do superhero stories better than most modern media today
Man now I just wanna watch all those shows again
Static Shock was great, more people should watch it
I was about to make a bad joke but decided against it
Man I miss Static Shock
Remember when that was adult animation?
I miss the Boondocks
Oh wonderful
This thing was practically genetically engineered to produce online arguements
I know...
The more we give this thing our attention the more we give its producers what they want
We give our time and attention to something that's actually worth it
Or
Why anyone would watch those Chinese cartoons when we have such cinematic brilliance is beyond me
Good to see we're really upping the effort for animation for adults here
Boys don't know after all
While every single frame of this does give me a migraine, I honestly think there's one soloution we're all forgetting. Simply show Fred this and he'll be fiiiiiiine

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibu_aoDrgTk
So is Takina Chisato's half-sister?
Just don't call me British and we're good
We all have guilty pleasures
The second I finish Eminence in Shadow
I've been meaning to get to that anyway
Gotcha
Aaaaaah
The lesbian one?
Ooooooooooooooooh
What's MagiRevo?
https://tenor.com/view/dc-batman-beyond-punches-scarecrow-gif-25997828
Damnit now I just wanna watch Batman Beyond again
Good choice
Then Batman Beyond
And then I'll rewatch the entire Justice League cartoon
I meant more western animation in general but fair
So again, what hole has our animation industry been dug into where those are the gold standard?
Do companies think this is the recipe for successful animation?
But that just means company's have nothing better to shill
What situation have we dug our animation industry into when this is the gold standard for a show
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
With any luck we forget about this show in a month
Yeah no that was pure sarcasm on my end
Sure hope that Multiversus good will was worth it
W/B dumb
Strange, why do this when they have the immaculate franchise known as RWBY-okay I can't say that without keeping a straight face
This show on the other hand seems like it's actively trying to piss people off
I wouldn't say it was controversial so much as it was just dumb
But you do make a very good point
~~I'm an animation student, if I can poke at anything it's the production values~~
We're putting way too much thought into this
This show is dumb
This background art is dumb
That's why I thought it was a light fixture, the left hand side has what appears to be something holding it up
Ooooooh
Okay I know the joke is awful but who hangs a bra on a light fixture?
All of them are orphans, so it makes sense there'd be some kind of long lost siblings
Probably
Maybe the real woke was the friends we made along-
Bruh
I remember when everyone was calling House of the Dragon "woke" cause it made some characters black, but then the show turned out to be great and strangely those same people started shutting up for some strange reason
It's almost like the word woke is just some dumb buzzword made to give the illusion of an us vs them situation when in reality it's just used by whoever (typically companies) to justify their nonsense
||I'm joking, just to clarify||
This sounds like a show that's confident in its ability to tell an engaging story for a large audience
~~This is why you should watch it~~
Yee, it's a good one
https://tenor.com/view/wolfwalker-gif-19880697
This movie's beautiful
Watch Wolf Walkers
Screw it
Yeah you're probably right
Wolf Walkers was pretty good
Agreed
https://tenor.com/view/thorn-scoobydoo-hexgirls-gif-18742776
Honestly all I remember is the hex girls one
You know the only movie any of us remember is the Hex Girls one
Man
https://tenor.com/view/wolfwalkers-gif-21727903
I'm gonna keep shilling Wolf Walkers
This is dumb
Glad they got rid of Looney Toons for this
Well the power rangers versions aren't pirates, they're "Super Mega mode" but that's dumb so we ignore it
Gokaiger yeah
Yes and no
<:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
https://tenor.com/view/wave-hi-hello-goodbye-red-gif-7286052
Man I legit thought that was Red Hood for a second
Ah yes, your average 15 year old
https://tenor.com/view/jojo-jjba-jotaro-jtr-jojo-jotaro-gif-21795935
Jojo-lookin ages
Huh, well that's news to me
Hol up Zechs is 18?
https://tenor.com/view/lycoris-recoil-chisato-driving-motion-anime-gif-26171406
Same same
I really gotta read those Clone Wars books
Ciaphas Cain has a fun vocabulary
I find Frak particularly fun
That one's not hard
Oh and then there's just every 40K one
Does all the slang in Cyberpunk count?
Right been a while
Ooooooooh
Or Halo, where you can just use the universal "Elite preferred species"

<:KirikaActually:688433197402554423>
Monsters are in fact the remnant of the human race created by the nanite king hive mind
Clear difference
He's not actually a monster, he's a gene-enhanced dog
<:KirikaActually:688433197402554423>
You cannot escape buff Scrappy
https://tenor.com/view/night-king-game-of-thrones-hands-up-gif-15017443
It worked until the literal Nights King appeared
That one yeah
It is odd now that that DC comic is now no longer the strangest piece of Scooby media I've seen
Oh I'm gonna have that theme song stuck in my head all night now
You could tell me Fred is secretly a Neo-Nazi and I'd honestly believe you
Honestly you could say anything about this show and I'd believe it
Are we *sure* this isn't a troll?
https://twitter.com/MinuraNakatawa/status/1614995261570580480?t=bw1eLTcYclrgwGVgSiWNFA&s=19
I love this show
Nijika really do be turning to the screen and saying "This is our Bocchi the Rock"
*Let's ride!*
*Oh boy*
Same, was an awesome experience
~~Ryo reciting the Tower of Babel story in Bocchi's just makine me think of Finé now~~
They really are
Hells ye
Never change Death Battle, never change
*Oh my god*
Oh?
Hells ye, I'll watch it later today in that case
I still need to watch that one
Yeeeeey
First guess is Death Battle episode?
He's the most spiteful thing in fiction
There's literally dozens of better animated media with their characters, I will just watch one of those
The designs already have me concerned, but if that movie's anything like the comic I aint giving it a watch
They could say Thawne leaked Lex Luthor's Steam library and we'd all believe it
Of course we would
We love Thawne
DC why do you lower yourself like this, your animated stuff is like the one thing you do consistently awesomely
Eobard would've made that comic so much more tolerable
*God I wish*
Imma be honest the comic is kinda crap. It feels like just a RWBY spin-off with the DC characters shoved in to do not much of anything. Clark barely does anything and Batman's only contribution is flirting with Weiss
Well at least he didn't destroy the world this time
Pfff
Batman's a bat faunus, and him and Cyborg are in a love triangle with Weiss
This is the same comic series where Superboy Prime punching stuff resurrected a teenager so I can buy it
Yeah that checks out
Yeah here's the main panel, Cyborg's literally the same dude
Aye, in the comic their like...souls got isekai'd? I'm not sure how it works I kinda skimmed the end bit cause it's just not very good
She has like strange mechanical bits she can reatach
I guess to keep to the idea she's artificial
Yeah I know she's made from clay and stuff, but in the RWBY comic she's an android
Idk how that's gonna work cause in the comic Wonder Woman's a robot
And also they're teenagers
https://tenor.com/view/evil-sponge-bob-mermaid-man-mermaid-man-gif-5477357
Like so
Less you want a movie where team JNPR look like mermaid man
It'd have to be
Kinda sorta
Why would they wanna adapt the whole thing? I read that comic it was a slog
*Oh you're kidding me*
Waitwaitwaitwait that movie's only part one?
I didn't even realize Death Battle was on RT FIRST
Hilariously I think when you unsubscribe to it one of the options is just "I only got it for RWBY"
Yeah that aint good for them
Ooooooooooooh
Cause it took so long?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbgVuEsmrlo
Your friendly reminder this exists
Oh that was *so* good!
Yee, so not it's become idea spitballing
Up here
Yeah that's what sparked this
And I've thought about it for a while
Oh no, this eventually devolved into us speculating how we'd do it if we could
Yeah, apologies I've been wanting to vent these ideas for a while
Neo spent her childhood in Arkham Asylum
Rhaz Au Ghul is also immortal like Ozpin
Lex Luthor is funding Ironwood or trying to get the Schnee company for his own, or both
Station the Green Lantern Corp in that broken moon
They wanna make this whole mythology around Salem and the gods? Awesome, you have Wonder Woman and an entire tribe of people to explore that with
Aye, really explore this idea on what actually makes us different, and if it's even different at all. He's not human, neither are the faunus, he's so powerful, so are a lot of people in this verse. You are you, and this wide array of people that surround him could help him come to terms with that.
They're so insistent on putting up morally grey ideas and doing nothing with them, so have the dude who's whole thing is being the moral standard confront those situations.
He can better accept himself, and more easily emphasize with others with a feeling of not belonging (cause I wanna keep his alien status). Not only does he learn more quickly how to fight on an even playing field, but in a cast of characters so plagued by miscommunication and melodrama, he can be the team heart that everyone needs to talk to every now and then
Superman can easily be handled cause he's just 16 here, he's still Superboy and still getting ahold of his powers
And Blake, the black and white loner in the middle
I suppose but that could also be something interesting to explore. The White Fang make use of that exact same imagery, contrast them. The darkly colored but ultimately noble hero helping the downtrodden, contrasted with the pure white, extremist organization who get innocents hurt
And uses a bat axe, because yeah Batman's really know for his axe skills
Especially cause he's somehow part of the elite despite being in that group
Heck, Batman is in Atlas, does he not have any opinions on their slave labor?
This is so easy to do cool stuff with
Yeah exactly!
Batman isn't helping Robin and her group defend the poor and downtrodden? Wonder Woman isn't connected to the gods in any way?
Atlas couldn't have advanced in tech so quick cause maybe they found some old Kryptonian tech?
Lex Luthor in his genius doesn't make some kind of dust powered super armor?
Like I'm fine setting the Joker aside, dude's a bit overused, but like, you don't make any use of your villains other than a giant starfish?
It's a damn shame
That'd be fun
Like they had a rich Atlas party, and no Lex Luthor trying to get in the good graces of Weiss' dad? Batman isn't even Batman. Why isn't Mr Freeze using ice dust?
You know, the real annoying thing about this crossover is that this would be so easy to make cool. Like just make it one of the worlds in the multiverse where the canons fuse. Cause there's no DC villains other than Brainiac. No Lex Luthor, no Joker, no Zod, no Krypton, no Greek Gods, no Speed Force, no Thawne, no Green Lantern Corp. Nothing that actually makes the universe intriguing. It would've been so easy to make, idk Lex Luthor is funding Ironwood, or the Joker is running his own crime gang in Atlas, like there's so much cool stuff you *could* do with this idea and it's all wasted.
Stuff's dumb
Batman made one one time just cause he could
Hal caused one
Don't even get me started on the Dr ManBatten Who Laughs: The Darkest Night

This writes itself XD
Probably XD
https://tenor.com/view/bocchi-the-rock-bocchi-dance-dancing-anime-gif-27028171
And finally finished Bocchi, gooood stuff

Ooooh, didn't know that
Teddie def fits the style
Lol true
Persona 4's anime to too darn fun
https://twitter.com/Lumino28/status/1618370209026543622
https://tenor.com/view/bocchi-bocchi-the-rock-non-linear-gif-27023528
<@384495616065273856>
Only watched the original, but was fuuuuuun
I don't remember much but liked it as a kid
This one yeah
https://tenor.com/view/huntik-huntik-seekers-and-secrets-lok-lambert-dante-vale-gif-12872041
Yeeeeeeeeah
Anyone watch Huntik as a kid?
Sounds on brand
Good, very good
Really should
I still need to watch the final season
Pfff, this dub I swear

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzVJxWZfYHQ
Hells ye
Sam why
Pffff
Hells yes
Oh shoot Cartoon Saloons doing this?
*That moment when you start realising you relate to Mahiru's rant a little too much*
Honestly like, no one else I knew had even heard of the show before I'd come here
Like honestly love it
I love it
Oooooooh
RHPS?
If only they were all Tendo Maya <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
As someone with two theatre siblings I can confirm this
I went in having no idea what I was in for and came out adoring it, so give it a watch and see how it goes for ya
Screw it I gotta do a rewatch soon
It's fun
Yes and no but kinda yes
I prefer the term *theatrical*
Emotional stakes still count as stakes
Fashionably so
https://tenor.com/view/revue-starlight-nana-daiba-nana-nana-revue-starlight-kaosi-gif-24245568
I hope you enjoy our glorious performance
https://tenor.com/view/revue-starlight-nana-daiba-mahiru-tsuyuzki-gif-24502963
Now you can't escaaaaaaaaaaaape
It's a fun one!
"I've been reincarnated as a male drow!?" the light novel
Ooooooooo
||Yeeeeeeees, so good||
||Death is just brilliant in every scene||
Niiiiiice choices
Honestly hard to choose
Frackin'...all of it XD
Puss in Boots 2 was so good!!
Sorry just noticed that now
https://tenor.com/view/borat-borat-very-nice-verynice-thumbs-up-gif-25080066
Yellow is your icon a Mother 3 enemy?
Lily swoops in pulls the biggest gut punch episode yet
Geez Lily's episode hits hard
Man I forgot how enjoyable Zombieland Saga is
Niiiiiiice
I’m amazed I found these in Waterstones
Well I rewatched a fair bit of Fairy Tail and the experience was…odd. I went in expecting to think it was trash but I honestly enjoyed myself a ton. Made me appreciate a lot about it I never did as a kid
It's fairly recent as far as sub-genres/trends go
https://tenor.com/view/moist-critical-gif-18538102
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vE2soc3twgA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS2jLLnVMy8
Not yet no
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5IVzLi-Rug
Honestly this makes me wanna get the game 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jA5p3RAxGPU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1U6mi8yQ5qQ&list=PLuD7FWqNyUVJlaiErQOwT2YtxutxY84JZ&index=1040
*Yeeeeeeees*
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fwc-LH8IGj8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_X6UNPq2rY
