This image is literally just centrists
Centrists 😩
I've been following the manga
So am I 😭
<@!279341087494242304> Wait holy shit you're an Arslan fan?
Tbf Zeta was a steaming sack of shit
Yeah it's not good
I don't rec it
Origin is bad
Yeah um
It is
So I don't see why it's an AU
UC is across the entire Earth Sphere, and the original series was conceived in '79
I mean not really
Also how did it misuse model numbers?
No
Wat
December Sky is a battle that happens in UC 0079, Bandit Flower is weird shit that happens afterwards in 0080 shortly after the end of the One Year War.
Wait Thunderbolt is just UC though.
39 episodes, originally 42 but the show got cancelled
***I SWEAR TO GOD IT'S WORSE THAN THE GODDAMN EUPHINATOR INCIDENT FOR HOW FUCKING RANDOM IT WAS***
***BUT THAT FUCKING ENDING***
I would say great
was good
The entire show up until the ending
Ok so
FUCK
ALDNOAH.ZERO
It is really not good
But it is not good
Since the writer was in the hospital with cancer
I'm not going to shit on Destiny *too* much
Again
Holy fuck he was butchered
Mu <:GenjuroLaugh:689563633516150872>
esp. the ending of the HD Remaster
I enjoyed the last third of Destiny though
Cagalli was handled like shit yeah
Though I don't give Destiny too much shit since its writer was in the hospital with cancer when she wrote it
It was Athrun being literally the worst that was the problem
I liked Kira coming back
SEED is good, SEED Destiny is garbage
I'd reccommend watching the latter first so you don't get whiplash
My favorite is Gundam 00, shortly followed by After War Gundam X
Ye
And by doing so gives the most effective anti-war message
And though I do prefer the other timelines UC is the best at showing the long-term effects of the cycle of violence
Good
That's the point
UC is good but *exhausting*
We appreciate the small stories that are told and receive the warning of "don't let this fucking happen to you"
And say what you will about it it drives the point home
UC is horribly depressing precisely *because* War Is Hell
Literally 1000 years later
Reaching far into the future
That war perpetuates a literally never-ending cycle of violence and hatred
This is why I like the AUs better :V
The point is that war is hell
It's not so much nothing good happens as the good that does happen is small-scale
Gundam UC gets messy
The Feddies really lose it around UC 0100 during the events of Hathaway's Flash
"And also they killed our buddies"
And the reason is "because Zeon has proven to be worse"
I mean there's a new 00 thing coming Soon™️.
So I don't think that reliable info on the behind-the-scenes of SEED is gonna come for a while.
To the point there was a fake interview posted.
That too since the director disagreed with her, but the water's muddied on that front due to other Gundam fans being infamously hateful of SEED.
There's been rumblings but it's gonna take a while.
It's been in Dev Hell though since the director's wife (who's also the head writer) died.
Yep.
There's a movie that's coming Soon™️
He just gets character assassinated like everybody else in Destiny
He still is in SEED's second half!
He is!
SEED Destiny latter third was good YCCMV
solid series that preceded an absolute hot mess
If anything it's the Fourze of Gundam
no lmao
Why do you "eeeeh" at it
Huh interesting
I mean the show not the Cosmic Era as a whole
SEED got better in its second half
And I love the movie too even though it's pretty dumb xD
Second half is comparatively weaker, and even then it's a great show
00 is my favorite Gundam
~~So the Fate Holy Grail~~
Shit like that makes me fucking wheeze whenever someone says that IBO is "mOrE rEaLiStIc" than other Gundams
M u h  B a e l
It wasn't done well because Iok lived too fucking long
Iok
Must
Die
IBO sountrack is good, the same cannot be said of fucking Season 2
Good good CE's sountrack is great
Its soundtrack makes the other soundtracks look like pussies
Also a thing with Cosmic Era in general
Stargazer is good
Ok I'm taking this to spoilers
"Alright, kick me in the dick so this crying sounds more realistic."
"...uhhhh..."
"Did I fucking stutter?"
Also one thing that always amuses me about SEED's English Dub was how fucking committed Kira's VA was
No
Serious you monster
Some sort of animated property.
It was announced in 2018.
