so there you go
and I have a spare boost I don't need
Really loving these emotes
Er
<:kanna_nom:451194717632200705>
<a:U556_wave:751906253298466890>
All challengers will be crushed.
I don't lose staring contests.
<:EssexHyperStare:705896741052088361>
although what's worse than that was my typos jeez
anyway this a way too deep of a mental rabbit hole that I don't want to explore for my own sake lmaoooo
True
I feel like it's actually Miku
but who *really* is the top in this situation
Matsuri is a legend for that post
<:Germain:421434126856486912>
<:ShirabeSob:701475635025019000>
I'm just happy to see my boy Wodime smiling in the background
<:SeattleLaugh:666111445897052181>
Ideal usage of that meme
and Floridians are both scaredy-cats and fearless at the same time
plus this is Florida
but only 1 near me
My state is at 6 cases since this morning I believe
depends on where you live though, the people in my area seem to just not care all that much
people, probably
<:ZoomEyes:600046517402730496>
<:MichaSmug:336657136065052673>
Well that's a first
Thanks for the clarification!
oh okay lol I got really confused with the arrow
am I missing something?
am
apparently from contact with the Brazilian president?
My state's governor and senators seem to be already sick with it
When it comes to religion, I can't really relate to the specifics because it's not something that really clicks with me as a person, but I can absolutely relate to the general concepts of gaining and refining one's own understanding of the world around them and how one's self fits into that greater whole. I think if a person deepens their own understanding of themselves and the world they live in, then that's a step towards developing one's indentity and inner strength.

I also think that, like many things in this world, is down to the interpretation of the person in question. You shape the world as much as the world shapes you. In what way that happens and what that ultimately looks like is dependent on what clicks with that individual. There's no right answer for everyone, and I think that's wonderful to think about.
Use of one's better judgment is an important skill.
You won't get particularly far just riding off your feelings alone.
That's all down to you.
Mm, I think it's in everyone's best interest to keep this place peaceful.
Everyone is different though, so you have to try different methods of learning and synthesizing that information.
That being said though, it doesn't hurt to ask questions that people can actually answer. Other people are also trying to figure out their own answers to those same problems.
Well, there's probably no one who has a perfect explanation for you. Difficult, abstract things like that are something you learn through trying new things and experimenting.
China is definitely a whole mess in certain ways
which is cool to think about but also very crappy for the people who suffer due to it
The concept of countries and governments is a relatively new concept, especially on a worldwide scale
<:SmugPlat:587957636084006912>
<@237964037898502144> You right, but it terms of thinking it's best not to try to compare your past, current and future emotional experiences with one another.

I'm sure later down the road there'll be another thing that makes you feel the same way, but it could never replace the experiences you had watching Symphogear. That's a completely unique experience, and while you'll accrue many more of them in the future they can't and shouldn't be compared to one another.
Hopefully things turn out for the better!
You're right, but continuing to struggle and trying to improve yourself is important.
<:SusanThink:639796634787643399>
It's part of the learning experience. Growing pains.
But from what I understand, you're pretty young, yeah?
Having these sorts of conversations isn't something negative. That's moreso your perspective of them.
The only thing you can control is how you react.
You can't control what other people say or do.
To try to simplify things a bit, from what I understand the issue Melua has isn't necessarily what politic beliefs you decide to align yourself with. The main issue in your thinking is that it seems to cling to labels, even when it's clear you don't fully understand what said label entails.

I think it's better to try seperate yourself of generalizations and tribal mentality like seperating things into "left" and "right" and to instead focus on developing your own beliefs while also listening to what others say and do.
Personally, on a general scale I would say I love people. The things they create, their stories, their ideas and nuances. I really do love the complexity that comes with being human.

When it comes to individuals, it's difficult to capture my thoughts properly. Honestly I still need more time to let those thoughts cook for a bit.

At the very least, I want to know more people on an individual level. There's a lot to be learned from that, I think.
Do you like people? What are your impressions on people as a whole?
This is definitely off topic, but I've been thinking a lot about this question recently and I'd like to hear what you all think.
but I don't really mind, although it is a shame
if you don't bother to maintain a relationship of course it'll fade away
but honestly a large part of that is just due to my owm actions
pretty much all of my high school friendships didn't hold up after graduation
People are capable changing both ways, unfortunately
For sure
unfortunate as that may be
It's a shame, but it's not something that can be helped sometimes
I have a friend like that right now, who seems to be pretty busy
<:heartsmirk:639796537777717258>
*but water is also covered in water*
<:SUSANUNLEASHED:639567149651853340>
<:TsubasaBliss:672861879000891432>
all this talk about bickering makes me want to go ask my best friend if water is wet
everyone is different, of course
my brother and his wife do that a lot, and I'm not really a fan of being around them as a pair because of it
personally I draw the line at like, insulting one another with the intention to make the other person feel bad
it depends, I think the kind of bickering I'm talking about isn't the same as the one you're thinking of
as long as both people are mature enough about it, it's not an issue for the most part
sometimes two people can just think very differently and butt heads because of it
but for me there's an understanding that while there may be a disagreement or conflict, it doesn't affect the relationship as a whole
I'm not understanding the full context, but personally I can bicker a lot with people I care deeply about
It's actually kinda handy
I actually have a doc where I just through my thoughts on whatever when I feel like writing it down somewhere
``also tired``
Aight, I'll probably tap out too because I don't have much else of value to say
I actually just remembered forums are a thing lmao
<:TsubasaNote:689554460044820608>
Time to start writing each other letters like the olden days and have a group chat on the side
Or, just chats in general
I suppose that's the limitation of the discord format
So it feels weird to plop a massive essay about your thoughts when the other pair is talking about something else entirely
Plus we're just chatting now, even if it is still about something in-depth
*for sure*
But my brain is too mushy to pose why I think it is exactly tbh
But yeah group identity is really appealing for most people it seems
It's changed into something better, I would say. So I guess grown from is fine.
``grown from? Grown out of? Something like that``
Earlier on though, it took a really poor form of excessive self-criticism. It was pretty bad for my mental health, but I've grown from it over the years thankfully.
As for me, I'm still pretty unknowledgeable about a loooot of things. At the very least though, I've got this balancing act of trusting my own feelings and instincts while also making sure that I stay rational and think about *why* I feel a certain way about something. It's definitely a balancing act though, and I can stumble sometimes.
Forreal, I usually have to look up a word or phrase I want to use a bunch because I want to convey what I want to say as best I can
<:MichaSmug:336657136065052673>
``more excuses to try this more``
I haven't done long form discussion like this in so long, it's tiring
<:MariaDefeated:688429716780089397>
There certainly are situations where you should generally ignore what other people say, for a variety of reasons. This *is* the internet after all. 

However, I don't equate being patient to being impartial. I certainly am not impartial when I talk to other people about my ideas. My point, for the most part, is that you can express your beliefs and disagree with someone without losing your cool.

Though you're definitely right that it isn't bestowed equally. Still, it's important to remind ourselves about what we should strive for, even if we don't meet the gold standard. That's fine too.
Gonna try to be brief this time lol
As for what Jet said
Uh
Now, on to the actual topic. <:MariaDefeated:688429716780089397>

This is mostly just going to be my own observations, since I missed the actual discussion. If there's something here anyone wants to talk about, hit me I guess.

Generally speaking, I think the prevailing issue with Lectric's line of thinking is that it puts the cart before the horse. Lectric feels like they're too focused on just having a strong opinion about something without taking the time to fully work out in their mind the full implications and nuances that are, in my opinion, essential for being able to *back up* that opinion. It's okay to not have a fully developed opinion on something. Rome wasn't built in a day. Political ideology is a large rabbit hole that requires an extensive amount of research and life experience to properly develop. It's something I think that is good to be aware of and to think about, but rushing towards absolute principles like this one is perhaps appealing yet ultimately pushes you to not think about nuances and complexities.

However, I do encourage you and anyone else to actually put your ideas out there, even if it isn't. Sometimes you won't get much from it, but I think from any situation there is something to learn. I think most people are advert to conflict of any sort, but discussion and debate can be one of the most potent sources of growth for a person.

Okay, next time I'm doing this in a  Google doc beforehand because jesus discord chat isn't good for typing lots of words at once.
There's a bit to unpack here, but before I do I just wanna note that the person who posted it is a 15 year old who is still developing their own beliefs and critical thinking skills.

Getting heated up about their thoughts isn't really getting anyone anywhere. If you see an idea you don't like, regardless of the identity of the person it comes from, it isn't productive at all to rebuke them and shut them down. From my experience, it generally just makes the other person get really defensive and holed-up in their beliefs. I don't think that's desirable in any place that wants to shelter any sort of serious discussion. Patience and a willingness to understand is important if you want to have a proper discussion.
> I guess ultimately my political beliefs boil down to, I'm against anyone starting violence for any reason
And to address the issue brought up that started everything:
I want to bring up some things about the earlier conversation because *whew did that become a mess*.

This one is small but it's important: The entire point of Hibiki's character arc is that she learns that it's not just important to try to reach out to people, it's also important for her to fight for the things she believes in. The point is that she learns to balance both throughout the series. While it's very stylized, it's still a good principle to learn from. There's plenty of lessons you can learn through unassuming mediums if you just think about it in-depth.

This is a more general thing. While I didn't see any strawmen being beaten, I don't think you guys should hang on too much on the specific scenarios you conjure up. A lot of the time you guys just end up getting caught up with the unnecessary details and end up not getting anywhere because of it.
That's definitely a more personal issue, then. Insecurity is something you slowly overcome with care and effort, so I don't think I can say anything to meaningfully help there.

Even so though, I think you'll be okay. Even if there really was someone that one day tried to do that to you, I still think you'll be okay at the end of the day as long as you hold onto what you believe in. It sounds cliche but I earnestly believe it.
I don't particularly like people who give others shit for making mistakes even after it's clear that the other has properly apologized and changed for the better. That sort of thinking can really damage people.
I don't believe so. Mistakes should be something we learn from and move past, not something we should allow torture ourselves for.

It's certainly possible that someone might dig those statements up if they're still public, but ultimately those sorts of people don't care about about whether or not you've become a better person in the place and are just trying to bring you down for whatever reason.
Nah, just that people are pretty mad
But uh
I just did a cursory glance at the news to see if there's anything
Oh snap you too?
I could definitely see that the economy has definitely declined,but that's true globally. Things haven't gone to absolute shit like the 1930s. Maybe they will in a couple of years, but for now things haven't gone to shit yet
Without some genuine sources and evidence I can't make an accurate assessment, but we have definitely not reached this "great depression 2" scenario yet
I seriously doubt it
Fighting the cops and burning shit down doesn't actually work, because in the first place the government has an insane amount of resources to actually quell mobs if it comes to it
I gotta heavily disagree
I think we are still very far from that point
In the unlikely scenario that like, Texas goes independent and is backed by Mexico, China and some other nation I could see something. But yeah, would take a miracle
And if these theoretically seperated states aren't backed by other large nations, they wouldn't be get very far
Honestly it wouldn't likely come to that scenario on the first place, the vast majority of states have infrastructure and systems in place that depend on rest of the union.
And no one would probably want that anyway
Especially some revolution-type event
I still feel that regardless of the facts, it would take essentially a miracle to bring down the US government in any meaningful way
At best it might turn into a Civil War-like scenario, but ultimately I feel like any sort of revolt by a civilian militia would end in an ez clap
So an attempted revolution, I don't see going anywhere
The US is actually insanely massive
Perhaps the number of cases hasn't gone down, but in terms of how society functions things are still returning to a sense of normalcy
I suppose it could, if the first is on the decline and it rises back up
I just hope that the silent majority doesn't
Some group of people certainly will say that
There's certainly more than one way for someone to be enslaved
But the effects of these protest probably won't truly be felt until years in the future, because I don't anything truly meaningful happening in the immediate future nation-wide.
I'm definitely interested in seeing what lies in the end of this current social situation, our current health one aside.
That was always true
It was certainly related
It's been like that since Obama
<:DunktsukiStare:661087783619788812>
<:WarShrug:667158723189407764>
So worrying about the possible end of the world as we know it isn't really worth it
Which is of course true, until it isn't
I wouldn't say it's impossible, just unlikely
Like, some genuine World War-level of shit
To say it in a more romantic way, the social contract will stand because it is in the interest of the overwhelming majority to keep it. The only way it would ever dissolve would require some crazy combination of miracles, in which case we'd likely have more problems on our hands than social unrest.
Even if that *is* happening, I don't believe it is happening at even a fraction of the scale it would need to for the nation to fall apart.
And I certainly don't hope it does
But I don't think it'll happen.
I don't necessarily have any faith in the presidential administrations, but I don't believe that the current economic infrastructure we have in place right now would break under the sort of pressure it is currently in. If the covid situation gets significantly worse over a longer period, if an unprecedented amount of civil unrest occurs through the nation, then yes I could see things going *really* bad.
And perhaps you're right, although I can't say for certain. Mostly because my brain is mush right now <:ShirabeFear:696380146248319066>
Well, that's a good mentality to have then
Although more visibly it's used for nefarious means
Giving his followship an identity to fight against is a common tactic for leaders as a whole
Not the government, but more just his supporters as a whole
*Yikes*
I don't like it when people say what I'm about to say but for once I think it's appropriate
What even
You'll have to show me them, I don't keep up with his campaign
So please don't give up on voting at least
Getting involved in your local government is likely more impactful to your daily life
It isn't the end-all-be-all
The presidential election isn't the only thing, though
Although the bars have certainly been tested in recent years more than any other
The presidential position is that of a caged lion, powerful for sure, but thankfully there are still systems in place to keep it from running wild
He might say something, but the results of the election will stand. Unless he wants to commit what is essentially treason.
No use trying to change the mind of someone who just doesn't care
People who embrace the fact that they're close minded can't really be helped, so honestly that's likely the correct response
But yeah that does comfort me a little too lmao
Polls are one thing, elections are another.
I think the president does matter, but for people living in the US I think we should be more concerned about our local and state governments
But yeah, as a citizen I am definitely worried about it, but ultimately all I can do is do my civil duty of voting.
My bad for not communicating as clear as I should have been
My previous one, ahaha
That was a bad phrase for me to use, worrying about it too much isn't going to do your mental health any favors.
You'll be okay, probably
After the last election I feel like Pandora's box was opened and now I can't discount any possibility lmao
But I hope it doesn't come to that
I could totally see trump winning
``which is unreasonable but I believe we already understand that reason isn't necessarily a factor when it comes to public opinions``
Which, if that happens, there will certainly be groups of people who would blame *that* on protesters
If you think about it, I think a much greater concern for a large amount of people is not necessarily the rise in cases, but simply a return to the lockdown.
It's still in the interests of every state to open up more, because if they stay in lockdown it will become a biiig problem for them
Always good to pick your battles carefully, where it most matters
In this particular case, it probably wasn't worth interfering yeah
That it does
It's a pretty fascinating spectrum
Because ultimately it's part of a balancing act of being perceptive about the possible issues you might have with others while also not being too judgemental and dismissing people immediately if you find something you dislike
I find the idea of ignoring someone's red flags when you meet them pretty interesting
But if I had to say something, then I guess I would just want it until finish whatever I want to (and can), whatever that is.
I can't imagine being on life support right now, the concept still hasn't hit home yet
Honestly if we're talking in a general sense, I think it's generally a good thing that becomes pretty morally grey and uncomfortable once you take into account how long its for, the will of the person, and probably a bunch of other factors I can't think of right now
There can be some moments of epiphany, I've had a few. But no matter what single piece of knowledge you gain or effort you make, living is a step by step process.
But from my experiences so far, life can only get better if you keep living and trying. Even if the road looks like it doesn't go anywhere but dissapointment, I've learned that it's very hard to see any possibilities when *everything* looks bleak. Eventually there will be opportunities to make your own path, and time to figure out where you want to go.
Honestly, I used to feel pretty similarly like a year ago to be honest
Question! I wanted to ask since it's been on my mind for a while. Anyone can answer, I wanna learn more about everyone anyway~

What view do you have of your past? Is it something that you cherish? Or perhaps something that you are troubled by? Or perhaps something else entirely?
``going back to country talk though I have a dear friend who lives in NZ so I would totally go there``
That's so my answer so far, at least.
You can never solve someone else's internal problems for them. Even if you did, it's likely that you'll just replace their problem with a new one.

The only person who can truly help them is themselves. That doesn't mean you shouldn't do anything though. I've had a lot of inner conflicts that I could only resolve myself, but the only reason I could get through sometimes was because I had people who supported me. Sometimes it was clumsily, sometimes it was succinctly, but regardless the words of their encouragement gave me the slightest push I needed to move forward.
My take so far is this
Oh, I have a lot of experience with that sort of thing, although I'm only starting to figure things out there
Thank you to Dr Dess, Cocoa, Jet and Aria though, for the former three I like your view on it, mostly for the same reasons I liked Ten's and Meiyi's. 

And I think there's also a lot of merit in Aria's answer. Sometimes the past can have more bad experiences than good ones. Some things *are* better left forgotten. Although I'm not sure if that's what Aria meant completely!
<:HibikiTired:422925410490253313>
Also I'm actually tired now ahaha so I'll calm down with the paragraphs
And <:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
Meiyi Part 2 - Trust is a difficult thing for me to fully grasp, if I'm being honest. It's flimsy, yet can endure the darkest of hours. It can be easily broken, but also perhaps easily gained. You can't trust everyone, but if you don't trust anyone you can't build meaningful relationships. It's okay for your views on such a complicated concept to change, and thus it's also okay for how you act upon to change.

You said it's difficult to say whether you try to treat others better out of empathy or guilt. I think that the meaning behind the things you do is equally as important as to what you actually do, and vice versa. Both aspects have merit. I think by continuing to try to do better, you'll eventually find your own reason for doing what you do.

Being vulnerable like that sometimes can be both rewarding and painful. There is something to be learned from both sides of the spectrum, and it's good to draw from them to figure out how you should act in the future.
Meiyi Part 1 - I like this answer a lot, since I think it shows a good sense of perspective and maturity that I can definitely admire.

For me, the past is filled with a lot of painful experiences that I had once wanted to forget. Despite that though, I have a lot of memories that, even if I do forget them, I will always carry with me and cherish. All of those experiences are what have made me the person I am, and that manifests in a variety of ways that sometimes I like and sometimes I don't. That's fine though, at least for me. I hope that you all and I can keep trying our best in the present.
``I'll seperate Meiyi's answers for the sake of convenience``
Ten - I really liked the "Even a slight turn of the page for us is important." part of your response because I personally hold a lot of value to the small steps people take towards... anything, really. In this case it's growth. I think a lot of people believe that changing as a person is something that happens in one grand swoop.

"If I do x, I'll overcome my problems." That sort of thinking. But honestly though, I like to use this sort of metaphor when it comes to the human psyche: it's like a castle. You slowly place brick after brick, you incorporate new ideas into the construction, and you guide it towards the direction that you wish for it to. Small, moment to moment efforts and experiences, are what build the foundation for who you are. That is true for both harmful and helpful ideas and habits. It's just as much a blessing as it is can be curse, and what side that lands on is up to your own perspective.
``I'm a busybody and like to talk so I want to write down my thoughts on your answers, since there's a lot of interesting things I wanna talk about``
Thank you both for taking the time to answer so quickly <:TsubasaJoy:688191716620238870>
Well
O
But when you're just putting a claim and at least not going in-depth, I get uncertain
With the cases of Nairo, Keitaro, D1 etc those at least have a considerable amount of evidence of at least corroberation from other people. D1 has a history, Keitaro admitted it himself, CaptainZac has receipts for Nairo
Honestly, I'm kinda iffy on when someone just puts a claim out there
Waves don't really end, do they? They just kinda rise and fall constantly
I liked these dudes too <:ShirabeCry:671887081026617345>
I don't think there are enough words to illustrate how disappointed I am with the upper parts of the smash community
I'm glad I decided to get some extra sleep this morning because I hella need it for this nonsense
Also, I don't like the replies. Chill, people.
Whether this goes anywhere else remains to be seen.
My takeaway from all this is that it definitely shed some more light on something that really needed it. I don't know how much of it is actually true because I'm skeptical of everyone, but he provided receipts and explained in a respectful and concise manner. That has some merit.
``so mad that everything before the "Basically" became pointless reee``
You lose a lot of nuance and shit because this is a summary, but that's the jist.
Basically, he says what she accuses him of is not something he would do, and that to him these allegations don't make sense because they seemed to be chill even after the period where the allegations would have occured.
``man this isn't much of a tldr, shit big``
Third part addresses the claims in full, and goes a bit more in-depth on what she may have actually meant by this. In this case, the "big screen" in her tweet may mean the big TV hooked up to a computer in the house. There wasn't much privacy in sky's house, so essentially he says that it would be out of the ordinary for him to put hentai and sex worker ads on Craigslist (a site he claims he doesn't use) on a screen that pretty much everyone else in the house can see.
He then goes on to explain his view of his relationship with Jackie, where he provides receipts that show that Jackie (Jisu) seemed to be on friendly terms far after that period and he even commissioned artwork from her. She also asked him for help promoting her talents as an artist a couple of times, and he did so. They didn't seem to talk often but the interactions appear to be of two acquaintances that got along well.
He returned May 2015 and stayed there for another 2-3 months
First part establishes the timeline of events, namely that Zero was in sky's house from like late 2014 to February 2015 and then he left
It's essentially in three parts
From there, we can make more informed decisions on the situation.
Allegations with even a possibility of truth should at the very least, be taken seriously and examined further.
If I'm reading into what you're saying correctly, I completely agree.
As long as we're going somewhere, hopefully we get some light shed into this one way or another.
But yeah if other people come out, or Zero himself addresses this, then there's something more we can dive into
I think it's more like , all it takes is a convincing allegation. People aren't dumb but they aren't terribly smart either.
The court of public opinion may think differently though, so who knows.
For now, I guess I'll keep this claim in mind.
I'm definitely all for doing the right thing and calling Zero out if he actually did some heinous shit. But at the same time, we should also be careful to make sure that we actually do right way, which imo is only possible when we have substantial evidence and make a decision based on said evidence. It's a delicate balance but I genuinely think it's the responsible thing to do.
This sort of thing is complicated
That's entirely possible
What is anyone supposed to do with that
True, but I think those sorts of individuals would seek any sort of opportunity to do so anyway
I think it's pretty silly
I put the thought in the oven
So I completely understand why anyone would look at this and think it's pretty silly
... I'm starting to think about this more, and I think the important thing to note that having value on paper does not equate to any practical value.
But, on paper, this does have some merit. I think.
These are some really subtle, deeply-ingrained parts of our language. When you're working with something like this, it's going to be *immensely* slow to even *start* rolling.
Language is such a difficult thing to change with any sort of speed. Hell, even now I think many social circles struggle with using language that is *blatantly* derogatory to others.

While I think trying to spark discussion now has value, I don't think any of this can really get going in any capacity until we get the much larger problems with how we communicate dealt with first.
I'm not really sure what to think, to be completely honest. I can see value in this sort of movement, however there's also a *lot* of factors that hold it back.
So thank you lol
Ah, Whis posted this earlier but I didn't get to comment on it
But Imma have to wait until I get off work because jesus that thing is massive
I wanna read that whole thing
I don't even feel like posting the vid because the dude is so clearly uncomfortable. Gah...
Man, I just feel bad about the whole M2K thing
Because if not this is going to happen again.
And everyone *needs* to understand that isn't okay.
The predators and snakes are one thing, but there is way more people who normalize and sweep this shit under the rug.
And that's exactly the greater problem in this community.
Salem was more than likely aware of the situation with Zack and Nairo and did nothing.
But that's the problem.
And with the Salem thing, I feel like a bunch of people are going to defend him.
It definitely feels like mine is rn with all this insanity <:ShirabeFear:696380146248319066>
But yeah, the lead ended up going somewhere
I swear this extra hour of sleep is really pulling through for this situation
Whether or not you're more of a hermit or a social butterfly
Although I'm not sure what kind of person you are in that respect
It can get dicey
I wouldn't reccomend stuff like twitter though
It can work. There's value in talking with others through it.
But it's not bad, depending on where you go.
Social media interaction isn't really the same thing.
Irl loneliness is something I struggle with a lot too, honestly I'm not much for going out unlike Cocoa.
Aaahhh, that's difficult
Is there any opportunity to do so?
Not even at work?
Doesn't sound like you've been getting many chances to socialize with others
From what I understand, you're feeling pretty lonely overall?
Ah, same age!
That's easier said than done though.
I could definitely see how it can feel that way. It's not the real thing, and you seem to be painfully aware of it.
Was it an impulse thing?
I doubt you'll find anything you're looking for there, sadly.
I got a damn spring in my step it's actually fantastic
I haven't worked with a great team in so long
And holy shit
So we had people from other departments and stores come in
At work we lost half of our staff basically for this week
Crying tears of joy right now
<:ShirabeWeep:701475635025019000>
That's the only way of life I've found that works for me.
Take tiny steps, and work things out day by day.
<:taigasalute:457046671113584642>
But it does disrupt it, and I think disrupting that train of thought is a tiny step.
It doesn't break the habit or anything, I still feel kinda bad
I like to think of it as a habit. Whenever I feel a sinking feeling in my stomach when I think about certain things, I've started to question my own responses. Why do I feel that way? Does it have to stay that way? That sort of questioning.
That's normal, considering your experiences.
There's no need to downplay your own feelings
Trauma is trauma, regardless of what the severity might be perceived as
Super late but I really hope everything turns out alright Doc!
But you never know
It's probably nothing
Yeah but you don't even know who sent it <:MutsukiHyperStare:588629678017871872>
You never can be too careful
Might be something, keep an eye out I suppose
But yeah, that's a bit odd
When I go back, I'll definitely run into that issue probably lol
There are wayyy too many people who apparently know who I am but I have no idea who they are
Oh, I kinda feel you
There are moments when patience and goodwill can wear thin and wither, it's pretty normal.
<:HibikiTired:422925410490253313>
I don't think I'll ever be ready to be a father
<:LaffPat:666111446483992592>
<@605753436763586573>
And as my teacher once said, always sign a prenup.
Marriage is a giant step. Be careful with that.
Likely.
<:SerenaLaugh:688836867709337611>
For me, shotgun relationships helped me understand that I'm definitely wasn't ready for a proper relationship yet.
Just try being yourself, and practice expressing it to others.
RIGHT
That's when people are at their most appealing.
Yeah yeah everyone says they aren't interesting until they find some shit they're really passionate about and they go off
Yeah, which is pretty jank
It wasn't great
Kinda fell in
Well, didn't try
I tried one of those Kai, actually
I need to go to New Zealand at least once to meet my favorite bastard.
<:SerenaLaugh:688836867709337611>
It might work better or worse for certain types of people.
<a:laffeythumb:634681443104325632>
Oh god
Don't worry too much Phari, we're all just putting our experiences out there to hopefully help you understand better.
I think you should start out with making friends, and then maybe some magic happens. That's how they've gone for me at least.
Do things at your own pace.
And yeye, it happens to most people, pretty sure.
My previous relationships ended up on pretty good terms, but I don't really talk to them anywhere near as often anymore. Although that's due to stuff on my end.
It be that way
Temper your expectations.
<:medb_cry:734976901818613840>
It happens. Been there.
Despite it being casual, I'm sure you eventually got earnest about it yeah?
I agree, that's a a long ways away.
<:ShirabeFear:696380146248319066>
We don't have *all* the answers.
But yknow
There is!
<:MikuExcited:738174629251907594>
And same Rei. I wouldn't be here if I didn't find the majority of you interesting.
People will notice.
If I don't find talking to someone fun, and I don't have to, then I just don't
This may sound a little selfish but uh
At least not for anyone reasonable, I think
Then it probably isn't.
Exactly!
Like maaaaaan I can't be arsed if that's what you give me to work with
That's not a dealbreaker for dating, that's a dealbreaker for conversation for me tbh
<:ShirabeFear:696380146248319066>
At least that's how I think of it.
If stuff doesn't work out, then it is what it is.
So my best advice is to just be honest. Confront the situation head on, as tactfully as you can.
Ultimately it's a conflict of interests, yeah? There's nothing wrong with that. No good relationship is built upon that sort of thing though.
Oh! I've been in that sort of situation before.
Nah it's fiiine!
But I don't think it automatically makes you a bad person or anything if you do it. Things aren't that simple.
I'm not saying it isn't a fucked up thing to do. It is, and people should strive to not do that sort of shit.
And I'm honestly willing to accept that when I've done it.
But if you go around ghosting people don't be surprised when that bridge is burned down because you didn't put any effort in.
I feel like with anything higher than friends you really should say something even if you don't really want to.
I mean, it was just about people in general.
<:ChrisBored:672575526346424351>
Balancing between what you want to do and what you think you should do is hard sometimes
I don't really wanna leave a review or anything
Right?!
U right
<:medb_cry:734976901818613840>
Probably yeah
I just talk less
Not really, maybe I should.
<:WarShrug:667158723189407764>
And if you ever wanna talk Aria, we can! You've actually helped me understand some things, back when you were talking about the past.
Generally, any understanding I have of others comes from understanding how I work as a person. It actually did use to frustrate me a bit, since more than anything I want to understand someone and be understood. Nowadays that's developed into a more healthy curiosity.
Understanding other people is actually pretty difficult, at least for me.
Dreams are pretty vague, and extremely specific experiences that can't necessarily be shared.
I don't think there's a real practical distinction other than how the person who experiences them decides to describe it.
Y'all ever just get completely drained out of nowhere
<:ShirabeDone:688198954810474559>
Which isn't inherently bad, but it's important to understand your place in these sorts of situations.
That's the nature of things when you meddle in places you don't belong.
Mm, I don't reccomend doing this sort of thing unless you're basically willing to go through hell for this person.
Nothing would hurt more than pouring your heart out to someone and then getting left in the dust.
Just, I think you should be ready for basically anything when you do that.
If they tell you to piss off once you press, that's as far as you go.
But ultimately, it's up to that person.
So when it's somone I really care about, if I feel like it's that sort of situation, then I'll push a bit, even if it's outside my comfort zone.
But I still *want* to tell someone, yaknow?
I've been in the situation where I don't feel like I *can* tell anyone, for whatever reason.
Well, I've thought of this way
<:LaffPat:666111446483992592>
'mere Zu.
It's either carelessness or malice. I don't even know which one is worse.
<:ShirabeDone:688198954810474559>
So I ended up being the type of person to hold things in. Still am, really. Although I'm working on opening up more.
Plus, being a generally lonely person, it didn't leave me with many other options to go to.
It wasn't like, in a supportive way.
Honestly, my mother used to threaten me with sending to a me psychologist, so I could never trust the people around me when I was younger.
<@183785454447886346> Watching that Sweet Anita video has actually been a godlike experience for me. It genuinely helped me understand a part of myself I didn't before. I don't think there are enough words I could use to express how grateful I am lmao
https://youtu.be/GevxekO9Kyc
Here's one
<:MikuJoy:738234684655403110>
This is absolutely fascinating, thank you Yumi
Checking out the Anita interview since that one caught my eye
I'm a sucker for this sort of thing so I gotta check it out later
That channel is absolutely fascinating
<:AkagaHug:585619417925287956>
<@189146272865845248>
Which was a pretty interesting find on its own
Until recently I didn't even realize most people didn't have a headspace
Doesn't have to be super productive, doesn't have to be fun, doesn't even have to be unfun.
And if you're unsatisfied with just sitting around, go do stuff and gain experiences.
Well then figure it out.
Instead of worrying about finding challenges and struggle for the sake of it, find something that you actually want to do. Challenges come naturally with living, seeking them out actively is masochistic.
Start from the beginning and work your way up. That's how any good foundation is built.
That isn't something people normally have to think about like that.
You can't think in the now as you are.
Well then start from there.
And the past?
No point in trying to avoid them.
If your internal problems are the only thing you can think about, then think about them.
Your unending boredom is probably just a symptom of something that you're lacking still. Dealing with it on the surface level isn't going to fix anything, you need to go deeper and figure out why you feel that way.
People can say anything, but it doesn't matter if you don't actually think about what they're saying and *try* to understand.
Not at any point, really.
You can learn from literally anything if you don't turn your brain off.
That's dumb.
It's really as simple as continuing to live, and continuing to try different things.
Stop worrying about stuff that really doesn't matter in the long run.
You can do anything.
You don't need to climb the tree.
It applies because you're the guy asking the other guy why he's climbing the tree.
That's worth looking into too
There is no miracle. There isn't going to be a moment when things suddenly work out. That sort of thing only happens when you try.
If you're aren't putting an effort in wholeheartedly, then you won't find what you want.
You invest yourself in things, learn from them. Fail, succeed, cry and laugh.
You don't find fufillment without putting effort in.
You're just putting one foot in the water expecting a full wash.
It's half-assed.
We don't have the answers to your life questions. You make your own.
You figure it out.
So what if everything is insignificant?
Look, if you're looking for something significant then you'll never find it complaining about that everything is insignificant and boring.
Find more stuff.
Well duh, that's why.
It's simple, not easy.
If you don't know, figure it out.
That's cause you haven't tried enough to actually make an impact and have interesting stories to tell. It's really not complicated.
Go look at it.
There are things you care about, otherwise you wouldn't be here. If you say there isn't anything, then you're looking away from it.
If you don't care either, that's fine.
Significance is just a fancy term for how much you want to care about something.
I don't care because I haven't made it something I decided ti care about.
Look, I don't care either.
We could have this exchange a few hundred thousand times and nothing will really change unless you actually think about the "why"
You aren't trying hard enough then.
Figure that out yourself.
That's not the point.
There it is, you got hung up on the specifics.
The point is to think about what these guys are actually saying.
The specifics don't matter, don't get hung up on them.
Nothing is actually objectively significant.
Make significance out of the things you do.
Making things complicated.
You need to think about it again and again.
Someone telling you the answer once isn't enough.
It's something you have to actively think about and reassess again and again.
But yeah, breaking that habit isn't easy.
Do that more often. If you keep thinking like that you'll eventually find what you're looking for.
There you go, now you're getting somewhere!
Like most things in life, luck is a component. It's worth trying, but it's also worth not trying. Depends on what you find more important at the current moment.
The way I see things right now, I don't think the vast majority of people are even capable of actually pulling off such a feat. When that happens, from my experience, those blessings you feel at first can turn into curses. Especially if you aren't in the right state of mind. 

 So, even though personally I do get those yearnings sometimes, I've basically put it into a little box and put it away to a different part of my mind.
Er, to try to share how I see things now since I'm in an unusual mood.

There's definitely something appeal about having a partner on a fundamentally human level. The warmth of another person, the feeling of being loved, that sort of thing is really appealing, yeah?

But at the same time, it isn't all fun and games. There's a lot of effort involved in maintaining a proper relationship, and a lot of trust and strength from both parties is required to make something like that actually work for any meaningful period of time.
Mornin Fizz!
I heard love talk and awoke.
Online relationships, definitely not for everyone. In the same vein that relationships in general aren't for everyone.
This is good. Some relationships simply don't work out because one or more parties simply aren't able to do so
> sometimes it's not that someone won't put effort into online, but that they aren't able to
Yeah, it sounds pretty inconsiderate if you're just doing what you want without any input from a partner
Also as a Hispanic person I just think Spanglish is very surface level in terms of representation. Also I don't personally do it so even people within a demographic may have different opinions on it. It's good to keep in mind the context of the use.
<:ElainaWave:765899012481613834>
I'd like to offer at least this bit. Personally speaking, I try to be nice to everyone but it's much easier to be nice to those who reciprocate that kindess. When it comes to friends, I don't have that much energy to go around so I try to be close with people who I genuinely feel are refreshing to be around and worth the energy. There might be a little voice in your head saying that you aren't worth being around, but it's best to ignore it and acknowledge that the same way you see good things in others, other people see good things in you.
I'm a big fan of acceptance when it comes to these sorts of things. Denying your own feelings usually doesn't... work?
If I hold a grudge or have my reservations about someone I usually just distance myself or if I think it's worth it for me, bring it up to them.
I generally find that ignoring it doesn't help, but that's just me.
it was so damn catchy
Nothing can surpass Kaguya OP 1 Whiskey
the ops only got better as the series went on
I agree with that order
although I think I prefer his normal Ryoken voice compared to the edgy Revolver one
I haven't watched much of the dub but the English VA is pretty decent too
perfection
👌
his VA is
why is he so ***cool***
I do want to take a second to proclaim my love for Revolver
Why is Vrains Op 2 so lighthearted and hype for what's probably the darkest season
Challenger?
Last OP of Vrains, so good
most of the time
yugioh ops are bangers
yugioh osts are always pretty solid
I liked the music a lot :v
Both in 5Ds and Arc-V
I loved the hell out of Jack
at least that's my general understanding
*whew*
Once the fusion arc starts its...
era? arc
up until the Synchro era
People like the start of Arc V
<:ElsaSick:689395768754569359>
I don't want to go through another Arc V
I'll see how it develops then
how is it?
Oh, since people are watch Yugioh 7
so I might say we want to go to <#377148557796442134>
it's kinda spoilers tho
YS is pretty great
and the final fight with whoever she's called
especially Adachi vs Yuu
Golden Animation I will give credit to for having good music
it's what got me to play P4 in the first place, and I definitely wasn't dissapointed
P4A is actually a fantastic adaptation
it's still a catfight tbh
this is outrageous
how do I not have ainz emotes
<:Bathsalts:607686146067136525>
that is all
speaking of LNs I would like to shill Overlord
wrong emote but it works for me
<:CloudWoke:678016252182265917>
but going back, there's a YS movie?
if it makes for an interesting story I could care less as long as it's not outright immoral
it's implied, but even for the sake of argument we say it is, there's no particular issue with alternative history scenarios anyway
there's a movie?!
huh
if I can remember my login
I should probably do that
I haven't updated by MAL in years
Also
Hanako and her VA are the best
It's pretty funny, I recommend watching a clip of it and seeing if it's your cup of tea.
I just finished watching Asobi Asobase
<:KirikaTired:688429723726250054>
also I wanna buy the BDs for Seitokai No Ichizon and they're like $50 each
and I think I remember actually have a fun time
like damn, I really watched Kamen no Maid Guy
some of these shows suprise me
I'm setting up an account to see if it's good :v
Anilist, huh?
although I haven't watched much anime across the years so rip
genuinely suprising
apparently my MAL is pretty decently updated
UVERworld makes bangers so I completely understand
<:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
pretty flowers in that one, pure eye candy
<:heartsmirk:639796537777717258>
S2 Op 1 best one though
although that was a while ago
I had fun with it
00 was pretty alright
A lot more of anime nowadays are actually really good
I'd say the quality of anime has gone up over time
<a:Hildatunes:625332400024584239>
why is that op so GOOD
<:NoelYay:640285771370070076>
https://youtu.be/EiN1aYdMMRM
Man I'm a sucker for any monogatari analysis
<:MutsukiHyperStare:588629678017871872>
Mad tempted to pick up some blu-rays
Oh yeah Sentai Filmworks is having a sale rn
<:AkagiLUL:531988392699887616>
I picked Qbit out of random so it works
<:CarolSmug:617040484111745027>
So a little biased
But I'm a big fan of slice of life stuff
Oh I watched Sansha Sanyou before and I really enjoyed it
https://youtu.be/akZQSBSx7so
is a banger
this
watching old anime ops
and I didn't know this was a thing
8 bit drummer is great
:O
<:TsubasaDere:689195981841236109>
love this song
https://youtu.be/66ra6t5XE6s
***YOU CANT JUST***
*wait a minute you can't just-*
<:SusanThink:639796634787643399>
40% of the reason Buzzwole is my favorite mon
This song alone is like
https://youtu.be/nuyfBgr10Vw
https://youtu.be/1xUe7f4vFpc
But I absolutely love this remix of Shadow World
Weird hot take
<:medb_cry:734976901818613840>
Current rotation for the past like 3 days
https://open.spotify.com/track/5AUDnvw5CXvaydFbaKNxzp?si=V2UKpMshRVuKnbsy_UeHnQ
