vier?
^
That guy was an absolute pos
oh god I forgot about Onision
channels like Ben Shapiro, Milo Yanniafksdlasd (however the fuck you spell that) and Jordan Peterson were shit that got me hooked on that type of thinking and looking back now I see how incredibly stupid all their lines of logic were, but in the moment it was more about just hearing something that I wanted to agree with
having grown up in an especially liberal/progressive area, I was not very liked throughout high school because of it lol
god this was me right up until like junior year of high school and I *really* fucking regret that phase of my life
<a:ChrisShifty:744677308631089162>
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/709126730148872252/871550572824760320/20210801_202811.jpg
This is why people are taking the Mineta line that way
<:ChrisHibikiHug:630262562361049121>
I feel this way too much
However being an introvert and being online more *is* becoming more common, and we are getting to a better balance between the two imo
Just depends on where youre looking. When im at college i see people who i would definitely define as extroverts all the time. Going to parties, always out, doing something, hanging with their friends, its certainly not uncommon.
I dont necessarily think its a completely bad thing - as long as its moderation. Completely cutting yourself off from the outside irl is not a good idea, for both physical and mental reasons, however ive found that online i can be much more myself and its much easier to make friends and find people with similar interests (like here) than it is irl
Not necessarily true, from what ive seen, you can still be hospitalized pretty easily from delta even if you are vaxxed (ofc this moreso applies to already immunocomprimised groups that were already in more danger from the original strain). The vax is still effective against it but much less so than against the original strain
Also it would mean revealing your location (even generally) online which ya know, not exactly keen to just do willy nilly
The thing thats always deterred me from meeting up with irl friends is that 1) most live too far away, 2) I dont have a consistent form of transportation, and 3) trying to set meetings like that up can be such a hassle<:ChrisDespair:607743600545234970>
However, i also feel like i can share a lot more online because generally speaking the people i meet online are more aligned with my interests and therefore understand me and certain struggles i go through more than my irl friends would
Yeah I do tend to agree there, im much closer with my irl friends than my online friends
Just depends on the person i guess
And i absolutely would not be in touch with them still if it werent for becoming friends not just irl but also online
Also having irl friends that become online friends is really nice, i have a group of friends from high school that i still communicate with solely through discord
I don't think I ever got to properly meet her even virtually but just from what I've seen in the past day and a half... The impact she's had on this community was tremendous. My deepest condolences to those who knew her here. She will truly be missed
Ngl I saw the post on Twitter and just rushed here to see what was going on 😅 I didn't want to jump to conclusions
Glad to hear that
Oh thank god... <@99695384296701952> sorry for the long, but have you had any direct contact to confirm yet? Glad that the situation is looking good though
And this is going to sound very weird coming from a straight white man, but I've been in many communities, with different demographics, and by far the most respectful people I've seen throughout are people in the LGBTQ+ community. And this server I would say has a lot of people that would be from that community (at least many of the more active people probably)
Many people here have their own quirks but generally nothing that would disturb the community
I've been here for well over a year now (I think) and I've seen maybe like 5 people who have been weird and/or gotten banned from the community?
Also one of the nice things about gear is that it's such a niche community
As someone who was a mod for a different server probably around this size if not bigger for a while, if the people respect each other then there usually isn't a need to intervene (exceptions being like posting stuff in the wrong channel, esp when it comes to nsfw stuff)
Well it helps for sure that the people here are very respectful of each other and abide by the rules for the most part, which makes it a helluva lot easier to see when moderation need to be applied
Maybe I just wiped it from my mind
Ok maybe I'm just stupid cuz I just don't remember what yall are talking about with episode 4
I still personally disagree with gear being heavy on the fan service. A couple shower/bath scenes, docking, and kirikas xv transformation is about as heavy as it gets.
Yeah I know the NYC infrastructure since I live in NJ and take the bus into NYC... rarely? But I do it sometimes. It's not bad, and you can pretty much get anywhere with public transportation for relatively cheap. It's just unfortunate that in so many rural areas that sort of stuff is damn near impossible
I don't even know if it would be possible to change it at this point, especially if you live in a suburb and work in a city
I mean the public transportation infrastructure is completely shot currently
I'm not saying it's not bad, but I would by no means call it the worst place in America to live when like, 90% of the south exists
Dude that's like half of America at this point
Ohio aint that bad
man : (
you're late on that, it was done minutes after it happened
dayum, it finally happened
we'd have to see the downfall of the EU first... which by then might not be out of the question lol
Ohio really do be scuffed
oh nvm it's like 3 hours from me
also I'm in Ohio should I be worried lmao
that makes sense tbh
more seriously tho, how do they actually think this will get more money for them? The amount of people who would rather just cancel their subscription has got to outweigh the amount of people who would pay more
welp, time to have my family cancel their netflix subscription lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/Piracy/comments/10z0hn8/rolling_out_to_the_usa_february_21st/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
https://tenor.com/view/nana-l-shoujo-kageki-revue-starlight-revue-starlight-hikari-kagura-position-zero-gif-23945366

Was in class today learning about physics and ODEs and then saw this
I need to read the Index lns as well tbh
whyyyyy
<:ChrisDespair:607743600545234970>
toying with my emotions so fucking hard
like god damn it
man I felt so bad when that happened
holy fuck
It's never really explained well in the Index anime so I guess I just kinda made assumptions
ah
wasn't it specifically motion vectors that he controls?
Index, Mushoku Tensei, and SAO probably are like the top 3 on my list if I ever get to LNs
I also have so many to read lol
I just can't freaking motivate myself to read lns, nor do I have the time to rn
cuz god knows I'm not gonna have time till then
the next year or so
maybe in like
I'll get to them eventually
well
just wondering, is it worth going back and reading the LNs that s3 covered? I was going to cuz I heard that the anime adaptation of them was horrible but not sure if it's worth given that it's like 10 extra volumes lol
that ones good tho : (
honestly zexal I really enjoyed, would def watch if you get time
Virtual world is the yugioh arc with 5 headed dragon right?
gear is more like a comfort show to me than it is something that I actually find a top tier show at this point. I accept it's flaws and still choose to have it as one of my favs
but typically if you find a show "god tier" that likely means you find very few flaws with it (unless it's like Gear, in which case there are many flaws that you just choose to ignore like I do kek)
I mean I feel like you're always allowed to have that sort of opinion no matter the show
fair enough (was more using it as a general term, sorry if I offended)
womans hasn't watched a whole lot lol
I'm like 3 episodes into Yuuki Yuna and Violet Evergarden so I didn't want to put those in the list yet
ah so is it more referencing the full series? If so it goes in God Tier for sure
is the W anime out yet? I thought it wasn't lol
but if you haven't watched then... put them in that tier?
High school dxd above gear??????
and 5ds that low too??
Vrains in trash? I know it wasn't the best yu-gi-oh series but trash?
Sotsu literally became DBZ lmfao
The same thing happened with Higurashi (Passione also took over for it when it returned in 2020)
didn't feel like the same show
I didn't even finish s4 because of how put off I was by the animation
but god damn that animation downgrade : (
I might have put it in really good
Honestly if season 4 hadn't happened
I'm sorry what now
Passione really has a talent for picking shows that just go to shit to take over for
literally became DBZ
at least the last arc
horrendous
Sotsu was just
Gou was ok
Meguri is the mobile game right?
I had high hopes for Sotsu because I somewhat enjoyed Gou and thought that it set up things quite nicely... only for Sotsu to absolutely shit the bed with what it was given
thanks
what is the name of the anime?
I've never watched it personally but it seems a lot like Accelerators power from Toaru
yuuuuuuuup
and just never kept going with it
I tried watching the first episode
but the answer is yes
well uhhhh if you watch to the end of the video uhhhhhhh actually probably don't do that lol shits disturbing as fuck
very similar to Tonikaku or Horimiya in a good way
Shikimori is also really good
This looks good, I'll def check it out when it comes out
Super Sentai anime kek
like, I'm not really a theater kid so that's part of the reason why a lot of it went over my head tbh, but having it explained after the fact just shot it up so much in my eyes lol
I watched a video essay on Revue Starlight a little bit after I finished it and god all the symbolism that I had missed on the first time around was insane
well that's why we're all here aint it
did I stutter? <a:ChrisAniPeek:736921566570479616>
stop waiting
do it now
just go
go
rn
go do that
just
*bruh*
despite the anime being in like the 1000s
although the movie is in the top 100 on MAL somehow
facts, kinda weird how it's rated so low tbh
The reveal shall be glorious
I'm rewatching Revue, showing my roommate and we just finished episode 3 lol. He'd never guess that Nana is best girl
Tonikaku??? : (
Still wanna know why Fate is so bad for you tbh, it's overall one of my fav series (not just Zero but as a whole, really including the whole Nasuverse)
Slime is more like a civilization/slice of life anime with Isekai elements than a full on Isekai imo
Konosuba is the one Isekai that I couldn't even finish lol
Re:Zero is good once you get past s1, but I can see why you wouldn't get to that point
If you haven't watched that
Mushoku Tensei is a great Isekai
Tbh Slime itself is honestly very far from a typical Isekai, especially at the beginning
mood
so uh, go read the manga. There are reasons for it lol
yeah slime is great, and fate/zero has a lot going for it
those reasons being? I found Tonikaku to be really cute. Granted the direction the manga is taking now is quite interesting but overall I don't see how it's a bad show
<a:ShirabeBonk:801207951645605958>
that's kinda sus ngl <a:ChrisAniPeek:736921566570479616>
bro
...
Last Encore is like almost universally known as one of the worse animated entries in the Fate franchise
then that's even more wrong
lol
But that's not hard to do
It's better than Last Encore or Prisma Illya tho tbh
Disagree heavily with this, I'd put it very middle of the pack as far as fate goes. UBW, Heaven's Feel and Zero are all above it personally. Sieg is just way too bland imo
lol
I'm not even clicking on that
<:KirikaConcern:698939825386029186>
||I'm scared now <:KirikaConcern:698939825386029186> ||
||why did they defeat all 12 vertexes in episode 5||
hold up
||Also why do I have a feeling that the bloom form isn't as harmless as it seems||
Why does Yuuna's bloom form look like Hibiki's Amalgam lol
Finally back to watching Yuyuyu
and probably shorter (idk how long Nichijou is)
it's so good
Put Revue in front of Nichijou : ) you won't regret it
I should probably watch Gridman at some point tbh
wtf
||So that's why Tougou had 3 fairies at the start...||
||Oh god we getting some Attack on Titan bs in here?||
||I figured there was a reason Tougou wasn't there||
episode 9 ||<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089> ||
||Also I'm gonna feel real bad if Itsuki just stays mute after the whole arc with her singing : (||
finished episode 8 of Yuyuyu. ||Yes suffering but I don't really see how far they can drag this out without the threat and/or conflict changing greatly? I know this has multiple other seasons and I have no idea how that's gonna work yet||
although you can sort by start date
all the dates are listed on the page, just not in order necessarily
https://myanimelist.net/anime/season
Not quite what you're looking for but
I'm up to episode 8 of yuyuyu... I've heard this is where the suffering begins, alas it must wait till morning
Yuyuyu ep 12 ||ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh that was so bittersweet but it was so goooooooooooooooooood. Haven't gotten emotional over an anime like that in a while||
it's annoying but it probably is the best move financially for them. They have like 5% of their users currently with a subscription, and the amount that they'll get to subscribe with this will probably heavily outweigh the ones that leave to pirate because they don't want to pay
but too much work
ngl I was gonna look for this image lol
Back to pirating for me- oh wait I never left it
but I don't think the anime is gonna get enough traction to overcome Marin
Shikimori is pretty good tbh
have you watched the movie before or no?
woooooo
wtf lol, I've never read the arc-v manga before
200 pages each... 7400 pages of material, just a bit of material lol
well ya got 37 novels if you're starting at 13
I need to get back to reading Index tbh, I tried sometime last year but fell off because I didn't have time to sit there and read a bunch of 200 page LNs lol
man how did I go this long without realizing that the satellite that Index shot down in episode 6 was the one with the ||Tree Diagram||. I must be blind af lol
That just sounds like Domestic Girlfriend with less steps
Huh, interesting. Wonder if they'll ever bring that over to the tcg, since I know sevens doesn't do regular duels
Are maximums the new extra deck monsters for Sevens? I never watched it lol
At the very least I'd have her up by Chris by the end of XV
Basa had suffered quite a lot by then
I mean even at that point, GX had come out?
ah
am I stupid or where is Basa?
...Dai banana
I mean her name is literally Daiba Nana
https://tenor.com/view/starry-sea-salt-lizzie-revue-starlight-nana-daiba-bananice-gif-25361805
||Oh right ngl I forgot that that they showed that at ep3 lol||
||I think it could have been from any one of her loops tbh, since it's not explicitly shown which loop she decides to go backstage on. We just know it's not the current loop obviously||
Also how often do the chapters come out 😅
Chapter 73 is the latest right? <@456226577798135808>
Ok caught up now
Just got to chapter 68 and ||wtf a time skip now???????||
Definitely will go catch up on that today
It's been since at least 2021
Haven't read it in months
Ah fuck I need to catch up on Nana
I don't believe it lol
Man the LycoReco ending is soooo good
I also want to see Fuuto PI, but that's just speaking as a KR fan
I haven't personally watched it tho so idk
I think a lot of people are gonna be all over Overlord 4 tbh
I'm hoping Classroom of the Elite s2 also is up to par, s1 of it was amazing
Devil is a Part Timer s2 definitely is a popular one, have to see how it shapes up tho
I think it might be up there for sure, I'm not sure which others really stand up to it
ok but like. it isn't an element of Tonikawa. Tonikawa is literally just. Nasa and Tsukasa are married. Hijinks ensue. (and then later on you find out Tsukasa is actually ||an immortal|| but like that literally doesn't have any impact lmfao)
What character dynamics are there in Tonikawa that would define it as a Harem anime tho? Like seriously, other than there being more female characters than male characters, I'd like you to find an example of more than just Tsukasa (and Aya after like the 3rd chapter or whenever it is where she finds out about their marriage) expressing anything remotely in the area that would define them as a part of a "harem". Because what you're making it sound like right now is that as long as there are more female characters interacting with a single male it's automatically a harem anime
I strongly disagree with that sentiment. Like I said, Aya is the only other character who even remotely had feelings for Nasa, and she gave those up immediately once she found out he was married. The others literally have *never* expressed romantic interest in Nasa
...no, it really isn't. Please go and reread it if you actually think that's the case. Aya is the only one who's even *close* to that, and even then as soon as she knew he was married she gave up those feelings
That's blatantly not true with Tonikawa tho
Just because some of the supporting characters are female does not automatically equal a harem anime
Like, going down the list of characters, MC, FC. Aya who used to love him before knowing he was married. Kaname who's been pushing MC and FC closer together. Chitose who's more in love with FC than MC, and even then it's more of a sister relationship. Charlotte and Aurora who rarely show up and are just maids. And then the parents
But... he's not? He's literally around one girl who likes him and he likes, and the rest are just there as comic relief/supporting
I'd really challenge you to find a part of Tonikawa where it's thought of as a possibility that Nasa is with anyone other than Tsukasa
Two in the mansion family, one of which is a grandma, and one of which is more in love with Tsukasa than Nasa
There's three in the bathouse but only one *was* interested in him, and then she finds out he's married and just basically stops being relevant.
and other than his wife, none are into him once they find out he's married
There's like, 5 characters in the entire show
Tonikawa
no but like
There's literally only one other girl who was into him, and she literally gave up like 5 seconds after finding out he's married now lmfao
it was more of a codependence relationship than anything romantic
but as far as I remember there definitely wasn't that kind of dynamic with them
~~fair~~
one of them is his sister, one of them is the half sister of his girlfriend, one of them likes someone else. There's only one of them other than Mai that actually likes him, and that's Tomoe
uh
I've never watched Bakemonogatari so idk if you're agreeing with me or disagreeing
Same with Bunny Girl Senpai
The entire point of the show is that it's a monogamous relationship
man I want to know who actually thinks Tonikawa is a harem anime lmfao
Like, I think the difference between Tonikawa and SAO, is that in SAO all of the girls are like, *actively* thirsting after Kirito, whereas in Tonikawa, none of them except for, ya know, his **wife** are
exactly, I wouldn't count the third as actually a type of Harem genre, just a romcom genre
btw I found a comment in the thread that actually puts the different types of "harem" pretty well:

> I would personally classify them in three levels or tiers:
> 
> 1-True harem: the guy is in an actual, official relationship with several girls during the show. Ex. Realist Hero.
> 
> 2-Classic harem: romance show in which several girls are attracted to the MC, and most of the show centers around their relationship with him. Usually a big point of the plot is "who he ends up with". Ex. Quintuplets, Cuckoos.
> 
> 3-The chick magnet: most girls onscreen are attracted to the MC, but for the most part it has little relevance to the plot. He might actually be in love or in a relationship with one of them, or be oblivious to love. Ex. SAO, Steins;Gate.
> 
> (switch around girl and guy for reverse harem)
~~That's just Gear with Chris~~
<@384495616065273856> hey is Fuuto PI a direct continuation of W? I want to show a friend but not sure if he would need to watch the main series first
~~still waiting on a shirley pseudo-servant~~
> Railgun at the top of the list
A true man of culture <a:ChrisHappyCry:744335804482060349>
oh I didn't realize you were looking for the visuals as well lol, most of the time nowadays I just rip the songs from ymusic and add them to my playlists so I rarely seek the actual OP out
this what you're looking for?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eNEQ0cQtkI
most of the time you can find ops and eds on the artists official youtube pages nowadays
I mean there's this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eytpBOkOFA
looking through the chapters tho, it appears as tho they are on pace, since they adapted the first 5 chapters in the first episode. And I must say it didn't feel rushed at all
From chapter 480 to 686 so yeah
it honestly doesn't feel like it's gonna be enough since it has to go over I think 200ish chapters?
4 cours
it's split cour
so damn good and well animated
god that first bleach episode fucking SLAPPED
I don't think there's been a jp dub va list announced yet? unless I'm blind which is indeed a possibility
||I mean knowing Japan I doubt they'd actually outright say that it is that way but headcanons are strong and hidden subtexts in anime have become super prevalent lately so I wouldn't be surprised if it was intentional||
watching the Eminence in Shadow rn and I can't help but laugh at it literally just being "yeah I made this shit up and it turns out it's right no matter how ridiculous it is"
I'm looking at a mario wiki and it's not listing japanese as one of the languages to receive a dub, but there will be a version with japanese subtitles released
Actually I'm not sure if there will be a japanese dub for it?
ya know... looking at this is making me rethink wanting to delve into Gundams lol
~~symphogear~~
Correct, but I would say that they're for much different reasons lmfao
Lelouch never uses his intellect or power as an excuse to change the world, he uses it as a means to. His reason for wanting the change is not for personal gain (as shown by the ending of the main series)
This but unironically
No? It's more like "I've been treated horribly by this world and my family was ruined because of it, so I'm going to use this power that I just got in combination with my intellect to change it"
I would also say that the power fantasy aspect of code geass is just like... Not that prevalent? At least imo, especially once you get to season 2 lmfao
I would say as far as the fans go maybe? But I feel like code geass doesn't attract fans for the same reason as Rick and Morty honestly. Rick and Morty relies heavily on it's comedy and it's fans definitely reflect that, where as code geass actually has a serious story and I feel like it's fans reflect that as well, code geass fans take their show significantly more seriously than Rick and Morty fans do imo
I think calling them on the same level just because they have smart protags is a gross oversimplification
There are actual consequences in code geass. To my limited knowledge of rick and Morty theres not really consequences ever there cuz it's just a comedy show
Yuuuuuuuuuup
Yeah this too. Im thinking of one part in particular when it comes to him fucking up *hard* and I have a feeling you'd know exactly which one it is
Id say as far as that comparison goes maybe. But code geass takes itself infinitely more seriously just based on what ive seen of Rick and morty
Ehhh
That's an odd comparison but honestly I've never watched Rick and Morty so I can't say personally
Holy fuck that GWitch episode ending
anyone have the link to the news of GWitch ep7 being delayed?
~~got the ChuChu cut~~
god damn the memories that just flooded back listening to this
thank you
ah
what site is this on to have these timers?
ah yeah, they have the new op as the ending of the first episode it looks like
huh, interesting. They kept the same opening for Bofuri s2?
~~we don't talk about the power rangers version~~
wait tf happened with R&M?
or at least that's how I viewed it from the outside looking in
it always felt very much in the same vein as like Family Guy where it's just humorous and episodic but never really meant to be a good storyline if that makes any sense
my ex used to really try to push me to watch it and I just never saw the appeal in it tbh
I never even followed R&M but like damn I'd be shocked if it felt the same after losing it's creative lead
man can't we just have like one show with no complications, feels like every other day you hear about some show that an actor or someone who worked heavily with it got in some deep trouble
oh shit
ngl I read through a lot of the spoilers for lb7 and it's some absolutely wild shit, even for nasu
king arthur was not a woman as well kek
lmfao it do be like that
~~It's almost as if we're in a server about a show filled with cute badass gay girls and Lycoris Recoil fits that description as well~~
Would love to see that representation tho
Yeah knowing Araki it could go either way tbh
just wondering in the context of these pages, is Dragona trans? Or just a femininely dressing male? Because Jodio refers to Dragona with male pronouns the entire time so I'm just not sure
~~once again I'm not skipping part 8, I'm literally just reading the first chapter of part 9 and then going back to finish part 8 so I can say I started it with everyone else~~
Since it's only the first chapter I'm just assuming there's nothing super important to the main story that would need context from part 8 yet
~~not skip a part, just read the first chapter and then finish part 8 lol~~
I'm assuming I don't have to be caught up on part 8 to start part 9? Gonna be catching up obviously but I want to start part 9 with everyone lol
lmao shows my lack of 80s song knowledge
I need to actually go and read part 8 lmao, I stopped like halfway through when it was coming out for some reason
Is smooth operators supposed to be smooth criminal?
call of the night : (
decided to drop in on this trend. This was honestly somewhat of a hard list to make (and yes, yes I am a bit biased for Bleach lmao)
why don't you do seasonals? Just don't have time or is there some other reason?
Man's watched like 0 anime lmfao
"only"
there's some recent quote from Jev about "on the other side of burnout is invincibility" lol
I just can't get myself interested in that much lmao
bruh do you literally just watch everything that comes out?
yeah ok *that's* a suspicious amount of free time lmao
at least for me I try to keep it to a reasonable amount
(granted I can't say anything about those who have like 40 shows on their list lmao)
giving up ~20-30 minutes per day is not a "suspicious amount of free time"
I mean I feel like over the course of a year, watching 4 or 5 episodes per week is a reasonable thing
