Hello, and thank you
Death would probably be a pretty fun cosplay, ngtl.
Thanks
Does anyone know the artist behind this?
The creator of the comic went from 70 followers to 32k in 3 days
Yuki dashite icchau!!
Watashi icchau!!
I like this picture.
https://twitter.com/mutukiriichi/status/1047264172751302656
https://twitter.com/guntyansuko/status/1047864543383179265

https://twitter.com/guntyansuko/status/1047860266778550273
(Raine is pretty good, too, though)
That doesn't look like Mordio to me, but sure :3
https://twitter.com/Rabbit_XV/status/1049895569827749888
Didn't he have a kid?
https://twitter.com/HomeMasisi/status/1059076383438123008?s=19
http://3d.nicovideo.jp/works/td46206#_=_
Merry Christmas, everyone  :3
hmm... I was hoping the bot would know who drew it.

https://twitter.com/Laced_Ends/status/1081110497691398144
I miss FliFla... I should rewatch at some point.
I think the 2 big things I need to practice are proportions and faces. (So everything, lol)
I should get back into practicing.
Tried drawing Cornelia, but I suck at drawing. Took some of time though, and I really like Cornelia, so here she is.
That would be hella dope.
We always need some Gen action.
We may have also confirmed that he was part of wwii, didn't the Kazanari family get Gungnir from the Nazis? I think I remember that being a thing in AXZ.
Now that you've brought up Fudo as possibly being a boomer, we may know the source of his power.
Maria's only in her 20s, I think, so her parents or perhaps grandparents might have been from Chernobyl
No, what I meant was that the show is in 2045, and the Chernobyl incident was in 86
They wouldn't be from there themselves, the incident was about 60 years before the show.
Did it?
Fudo may or may not have been alive in the 1880s, lol. All we know is that it's more than 100.
So were mine, and heck I'm only a bit over a decade older than the incident myself, but the point is still the same. (Though, I've looked at 3 different subs for it so far, and they all use the term ancestors)
So I had to avoid this chat because I was away for the past bit and couldn't watch til now, but I'm assuming everyone is all super pumped for the comeback tour of ||Carol and the Autoscorers|| I know I was. 
But something I just thought of, did Maria's family come from Chernobyl? We know they're from Ukraine, and now we have this -
We're still yet to get our seasonal training montage, and we're already this deep into the story.
Or Carol and Hibiki
Genjuuro and Ogawa.
*sips boomer juice and yells at them kids for having fun instead of restoring Japan to its former glory*
How old am *I*?
It's nice
Ye, tuesday cheap night.
Ours in town gives half price for under 6, and something similar for over 65
unfortunate.
Hey, at least there's some cinemas that give discounts past a certain age
Gen is basically the dad of all 6 of the main gear users at this point.
or a MOVIE.
I was satisfied with the HibiMiku bit at the end, but most of the rest of it I feel was too quick.
or another season.
or had Fudo be a season and end it with the revival of Shem Ha, then do a MOVIE afterwards.
Though I think my favourite sword in Fate is Banana's weird bone katana great-sword thingy.
Fun fact about swords in the Fate/franchise. The only servant to actually wield a proper sabre is Mary Read, a Rider class servant.
Ah, Taiyou and Friends. I really liked that show.
This one actually looks not bad
It actually didn't start too badly.
The last 3 or 4 episodes were rushed to heck.
That's Brynhildr in the Dankness levels of rush.
That's definitely on my list.
Oh, how did I completely miss over Senran Kagura?
It's Mappa, so I'll watch it. I like Mappa.
Oh, shit, new season of Pingu in the City, as well!
Trust me, you get over it in the first few minutes. It's really well put together
Season 1 was awesome.
I'm not sure. I didn't bother reading the LN. I'll probably still watch the anime, because I'm me, and I like to torture myself
I think the ones I'm super excited for are GobSlayer, Index, JoJo, Thunderbolt Fantasy and Kamuy.
Does SAO count?
I thought it was well done. The gobs were actually quite horrifying.
I miss gen1 Yu-Gi-Oh, when it was about playing death games with delinquents.
(Despite being a post apocalyptic setting)
Girls Last Tour was comfy, too.
Now that the LN is finished, I'm hoping for a s2
Watch Twintails
S2 when?
I've had the Hakume to Mikochi ed on repeat for the past 2 and a half hours, send help.
But... he made her spill her juice...
to be fair, her teacher really should have apologized for bumping into her.
Tbh, I would have skipped Gridman, but then I found out that it's got the same source material as a childhood show I used to love. Superhuman Samurai Syber Squad. I'm really liking the anime, I feel like Akane is so relatable.
I didn't like any of the characters
Yeah, I watched S3.
Her and Yuzuki were the only reasons I stuck around for S2. The cliffhanger ending didn't intrigue me in the least.
I kinda wanna watch the fourth season, because someone told me Aki comes back.
I like Gigguk.
I didn't have any frame rate issues. Also, the CG wasn't awful. It kinda fit. Also also, I like Akane as a character.
Ah. I'm not at all familiar with the original work, tbh.
Studio 3hz, so the animation is going to be awesome.
https://youtu.be/M88Wb0RoQtA
Boogiepop 2 looks good, but don't forget, we're getting Made in Abyss 2 next year, as well. There's a series I'm looking forward to called Black Fox, as well, but I'm not sure on a release date for that.
Lol, I cant wait to cry more in the next arc of the anime.
(something something bees)
the comfiest.
Girls Last Tour I'd say is comfy, Kino no Tabi, probably not so much. It's good, (At least the original was), but I'd hardly say it's a "comfy" series.
(and the characters are cute little potatoes)
The reason I usually recommend Hakumei to Mikochi is because the the characters are all adults to some degree, so I find them a bit easier to relate to. Also, a good fantasy anime that's not an isekai is hard to come by, particularly if you're looking for SoL.
Someone talking about comfy anime to watch? Have you seen Hakumei to Mikochi?
Also, again, Happy Sugar Life is really solid.
Also gonna shill Flip Flappers.
<@279341087494242304> Happy Sugar Life. (Trust me)
And yeah, I love the ending. Picking Aoi to play the bard was a good call.
Np. Glad you're enjoying it  ('u' )
I watched the first ep the other day and it was great.
Ah, it was 10k dollars.
I can't remember, how much did that one person donate to have their OC show up in a scene for Nekopara?
agreed. I'd say the one that did that best is HeartCatch. It was probably it's biggest strength
In particular, the harem queen Mana and her relationship with Regina.
I really liked the characters in Dokidoki. If not for having good characters, it'd probably be my lowest.
Looking at you, Upotte!!...
Yeah, I've seen too many shows, (not particularly precure, but shows in general) be really good, but fuck up the landing.
I think after GoPri, it's Smile
Heartcatch was top tier
lol
Any favourite series in the franchise? Outside of Hugtto, I really enjoyed GoPri
I think I got maybe 20 episodes in and realized I wasn't having fun with it
My issue with mahou girls wasn't the fact that there were no moments where I felt that they could lose, I just didn't think it felt like the PreCure I was hoping for.
lol, okie dokidoki
(I liked Dokidoki, but there was never any moments where I thought something was going to go wrong)
And I couldn't even finish Mahou Girls
>dokidoki
Also, I like that this season has moments of actual tension.
I'm on episode 43 and my eyes are leaking...
Anyone else watching Hugtto Precure? It's actually really good, even by non-precure standards.
bestmom is great, but next season has topdad, as well
Big need
Important
https://twitter.com/shojoshumatsu/status/1075767880271069188?s=19
Dororo's ed is pretty tight, yeah.
Yeah, they're all fun. But fsr, I remember Smile's standing out.
iirc, Smile Precure's was fun.
Other ED of note are Hakumei to Mikochi, Tanya the Misunderstood, Magical Girl Raising Project, Sasami-san@Ganbaranai (the in show version), and a few others that I've really liked that I can't think of off the top of my head, but FliFla is my favourite.
I still get the song stuck in my head all the time
FLAP
FLAP
Best ed imo is Flip Flappers.
or movies if you watch them in that form.
I won't say any spoilers, but the other two seasons were pretty much necessary.
I'll admit, I'm Hilda loving trash. Ange a solid second place though.
I really didnt like it. It was an okay show for the most part, but the last 5 minutes of the series completely ruined it to the point where I'd say it's one of the worst anime I've ever seen.
Xan, did you watch Upotte?
One thing I noted about the 4kids dub was that in the duel with Joey and the anchor at the bay, there was no mention of the shadow realm, if you didn't get the chain off, you'd just straight up drown. (or have your leg torn off by the force of the anchor pulling on it.)
I didn't like Kemurikusa as much as Kemofure 1, but by the end, I actually was pretty invested in the characters. Even the putz of the mc.
Have you tried Kiki?
tfw no tweeny witches blu-ray...
Makes me sad.
Something that might make a few of you happy, but Princess Principal is getting a 6 movie film-series
Aku is a cutie
https://youtu.be/mObp9qfDDuE
Also Yoshino Nanjo's top tier singing
I need to go back and replay this series.
https://youtu.be/RO3fakuPlGE
Watch Hakumei to Mikochi, thank.
https://youtu.be/sf39cTpd1es
https://youtu.be/8IK6eLTNV1k
