That is adorable
DESS
DESS
nya nya nya
Cuuute
Its really cute~~
Thank!
Meta wont actually do it, would make advertisers mad to have fewer people to advertise to
Good stuff
Wich last I checked is libel
And they just friggin fabricated it to make him seem like a hypocrite
Apperently Gumroad straight up lied too
he hadnt used it he claimed
Suede might be part of the reason too, his pokemon journeys series got hit pretty hard
That video is good
Her channel is good overall
I apologize
I should have tagged person in question to make clear XD
Oh sorry
i was responding to earlier things about the youtube channel
The showdy
I recomend his videos of some star wars news and (done in his usual style but as if he was a news anchor in the star wars universe)
I know two people with VR headsets and both are into tech, one is SUPER into tech
And neither of them like meta at all
Especially the guy really into VR stuff hates it
And like
metaverse is just worse VR chat built specificly to monetize it
Logistics that the way your currently doing it you excpect refugees that may or may not have as easy access to any of the things they need to make those exchanges happen do it instead
There litterally has been instances of that happening though
Or exchange it for money to buy supplies to send
If crypto had any real value
Why cant you exchange them for money that is accepted in most places, such as the US dollar, and send that?
Also here is a thing
A crypto currency can also be deactivated, wich is essentially the same as freezing it
Soooo yeah
Many? Such as?
That is actually gonna be in use
Crypto currencies have widely fluctuating value too
Making it quite inconvenient as a currency
And you deliberately ignored my mention of supplies
Almost no place accepts crypto currencies as currency so actually no its not the opposite
Maybe just just donate actual money or supplies instead of a crypto currency wich will be litterally useless to refugees fleeing a war?
But
I wont say any more
Still havnt seen any evidence of your claim that people have actually been cashing it out to help with funds while escaping Ukraine but a vague allusion to social media acounts but whatever.
Im saying you shouldnt have invested in crypto to begin with and that it would be better to send a currency (wich I know all money is fake and not exactly stable) that is actually accepted as currency in more places, and as such easier to actually make use of
Considering how crypto is mostly used to scam people
I dont trust any person saying that its safe and reliable to use
YOu litterally have a vested interest in getting more people into cryptocurrencies you use
I litterally dont believe that claim
Because crypto is rife with scams way moreso then any bank, wich is pretty impressive to be honest
Well neither do I but I trust crypto way less then a fucking bank
No what was claimed was that there are scammers pretending to send help tu Ukraine but actually pocketing the money
All you say is you can cash it out
But like
TOns of people have lost all their money by investing in crypto and then being unable to cash out
Yeah, and how the fuck is crypto helping them?
You are focusing on irrelevant details like if the exact wording is correct rather then the point
"I dont have to prove it works because I say you are just dumb and dont get it"
Ok but why are you arguing that crypto is uniquely helpful when you havnt made any claim supporting that?
And in fact you havnt adressed that crypto is kinda hard to even spend
Ok, you still ignore the concept of sending any other currency
And also can you mention where I would look for a source that actually says what you said about Ukrainians having exchanged crypto for money regarding this?
Because you dodged that.
yeah, they could also use euros or dollars? Wich are accepted by more places
Please use laymans terms and stop muddling things to make crypto sound better then it is.
And please link me some evidence to your claim that it has been widely used for that
So exchange your crypto wich is the only thing with "garanteed value" according to you, wich I dont believe for a second, for money they can actually use other then for some online purchases and send that?
But whatever, im dropping this now.
Do what you want.
I can find proof that the earth is flat by looking trough twitter if youd like
I still dont think random twitter acounts proves anything?
I know I said I wasnt gonna say anymore, but again, most places dont accept cryptocurrencies
And also there are fees for every crypto exchange
Usually
Translators cant translate everything all the time so if something isnt popular enough it doesnt get translated
<:ChrisAngry:336656958272700417>
(fewer people alive to do work meant those who were were more valuable, increase literacy meant more people of lower classes could do jobs previously reserved for upper ones)
I recall the printing press and the black death both being major contributing factors to feudalism ending.
