hi
complete and utter noob when it comes to discord
ah
sorry. am on xdu at the same time so my focus is elsewhere. Just here to see if anyone is talking about the new album or the new card missions
thanks
what opening concert?
https://twitter.com/AimoSps/status/1147538156356374531
the transformation was good. i like the callback to s1's sequence
huh...
whoa to that transformation sequence
i've already only watched it three times myself
bang
kirika was the one who was super excited about birthdays
kirika is an april baby. last season took place in september
you mean last season hibiki had a birthday

I thought the ver nephilim explosion was supposed to be a wild arms reference
exactly
nah. probably not going to happen
oh i see what they did there
huh...i've never thought of a Genjuuro x Tomosato ship before...
no we're just watching the raw live stream
i call bull on the lack of kirika s1 gear transformation
Ｇ３ＦＡ = Glitter Gear Gathering Finest Arts
nah it'll be Fine
oh you mean like in g episode 5?
raw's out
all of a sudden I want to see Kayanon carry Nanjo like that during the live concert

unless she had a huge growth spurt in the intervening one and a half
not really
just realized that vanessa is the bride of frankenstein
huh
oh it was that guy
if we count only the living, then mine is dess, chris, jii, tsubasa, hibiki and maria in that order
well she did overtake chris as my fav a while ago...
most likely show their life before they were taken in
which they didn't show in the actual show so this is the case where they probably overthought the whole thing
actually i think the blame the survivors plotline worked...but only if you didn't read the keywords where they said most of the people in the concert survived
miku
they're going to do it to tsubasa and maria now
nah, they're not going to demonize bikki this time around
i thought it was someone else
so that we can get DRAMA!
hence why they were stuck in a traffic jam
obviously
it's just there to look cool
since when did that tower made any sort of sense?
nah. dmjii already fulfilled the on ice part
or someone whose lucky number is 11
man that girl must have had her heart pounding when she met her idol face to face
oh the big bend
it'll be bill pullman
she painted the city red
what can we say? tsubasa's concert brought the roof down
so yeah sakimori becomes hikikomori
you know, she might actually stop swording for a short while given that late date
huh...tsubasa's image song only comes out on august 28. that's pretty late...
but she doesn't give love a bad name
i mean, she had been fisted through the heart and milaarc's to blame
if they want the same girl back in the show, then they'd have Hibiki in the scene as well, recognizing her as the girl she rescued before
i personally doubt it because that death is for Tsubasa drama, not Hibiki drama though
we'll find out later
unless she had a huge growth spurt in the last year and a half, then she's safe
again, no. she's probably not
or her
looks like she got a case of ver face
oh my poor ears...
what?
she's not the bassist?
if you're allowed to go balls out to the wall with your villainy then usually you're solid
well more precisely not an anti-villain type
yup
playing a villain is always fun
i'm just going to hate the next day hangover though
i'm going to have to do that one day myself
also someone checked and found out that april 13 2028 is a Thursday
ooh awesome i got the dates correct
i'm pretty sure that the fake name and birthdays apply to both since they were assigned the dob based on the day they were brought into the FIS orphanage
nah. kirika and shirabe's birthday isn't their real birth because of...amnesia and stuff
might have a few errors here and there though
Biki September 13 2027
Tsubasa May 25 2025
Chris December 28 2026
Kanade July 28 2023
Miku November 7 2027
Maria August 7 2022
Shirabe February 16 2029
Kirika April 13 2028
Serena October 15 2024
and since we have an actual year in the show now, i did a little fun thing
nice fix
explains why i never heard of it
oh harry potter for superheroes
what's mha?
yes which was the one that kanade used
even more than the linker that ver came up with
didn't they say that linker k put a lot of strain on the user?
which actually means that bikki was wrong that one time in G and Ver was telling the truth
actually even in the anime she was already in pretty bad shape since she was running out extra fast
also wasn't the nuking of the 3k noise done on civilian free territory?
and yeah she can also fly which the gears can't really do unless they're in x-drive
she's got the alchemist teleportation stuff right?
but even then, tsubasa and maria are primarily melee
tsubasa had to run to each noise to tackle them and she actually failed to save one guy who got stabbed onscreen by bushinoise
not to mention  this is maria and tsubasa. two gears who are mostly melee based fighters
since more gears means more alca-noise destroyed
obviously not but more people could have escaped
more gears to fight off the alca-noise really
where's the translate button? i can't find it
because it's got 4 pics and the last one is the credits section
what does this one say?
https://twitter.com/359456/status/1150363752027443200
so it's another disaster instead of chernobyl then
which...is a lot of places honestly
everyone just called them slavic
ukraine as per kaneko's tweet
so they just used chernobyl as a shorthand for ukraine disaster
maybe because maria and serena are from ukraine?
wipe the blood from your face
and maria borrowed it once in gx
also combined with zesshou damage
and hell even kirika od-ed on ver's linker during that one episode in axz
earned her power with blood and vomit
actually she pumped herself with more linker than the acceptable amount
that's because she waved the big flag in ep 1
so aoi before and ai after?
hope so
i want to see the 10 seconds and i want it to be the s1 transformation bit
hopefully
okay now i want to see Kirika's killer abs
not necessarily a stripper
pole dancer
or only catching up to ours in 2044
and their smartphones in 2043 are worse than our smartphones
forgot that s1 and g are 2043
and the dalai lama is still alive in 2043
and obama as president in 2043
possibly with two pistols and cussing harder than is normally expected
it's probably the creature from black lagoon next
well we used to have a mummy
symphogear is the ultimate combination of things that westerners don't like in their anime
well yeah
and that one just went woo over everyone's head
symphogear x Il Sole Penetra le Illusioni
so my suggestion then
they already did that in g
will it be as drastic as the whole team crumbling though
she will break. that's the whole point of that ep in the first place
or even better still, her real daddy will come in and order her around
especially since her song cd is released late, she'll probably not fight for a while even
she'll angst and mope
anyways back to sympho
the last movie i watched was spider-verse and nanoha on the same day
i wouldn't know. i don't really watch that many movies nowadays
all girl cast + magical girls + idol singing
or they could get ayahi to do the next english song
urgh
jfc that would be horrendous in every way possible
also imagine hikasa having to sing in 'english' again
that is true actually
isn't sally the one who grew up in california?
at least she can do it decently enough
nah it's fine. if they don't like the show anymore, it's okay
i'm not
i like him as a villain in his season
please no
urgh
obviously and that's why it's dumb
accumulate all knowledge and do nothing with it
no he didn't approve because he thought her end goal was stupid
now if they can avoid shoving him again into this season, it'd be better
that's just him being an asshole all the way to the end
i generally don't count ver's face turn as redemption
but if nanoha can pull that shit off, i'm not putting that past symphogear
i hope not
and it's not too bad
but even then sugita has a cd album out there
except for ver
well obviously
pretty much yeah
but even then, i didn't see that many people wanting to play the guitar back in the day
the kind that dreams of playing some other instrument?
used to sell them back in the day
oh i know
as much as i adore dess, her transformation was pure cheesecake for the most part
yeah that just ruins everything
i agree. symphogear is an action show in the first place. if that's not their taste, then there's no reason to continue watching
agreed. too much attention for the wrong reason is a bad idea
well yeah. he said he had to scrap the sequence and start from scratch
we were promised something hotblooded
who had two arcs annoyingly enough
gx felt like they were rushing everyone's character arc except for bikki
hence why the big x in airgetlam's  designation
because airgetlam being defined as a sword meant that it was a different relic originally and they got its name wrong
could have sworn that phara said something a little different
hmm...going back to check on that ep
well we know that airgetlam defined itself as a sword
they're probably going to go into bigger detail about the eve sisters' past
that's young maria and young serena
was blatantly obvious that we were lied to
i use chris straightening bikki's tie as subtlety more because it shows that chris actually cares with a simple gesture
there are signs yes like the shower scene but it kinda feels weak
i still disagree
it kinda was. i mean you could go back and say that shirabe unconsciously used asgard because she was slowly getting possessed before that
asgard was just the show trying to force us to think that kirika was the new Fine
no subtlety was chris straightening bikki's tie
which enhanced the lie
it was trying to lie to us
no, asgard being used that way was just misdirection
it's a pretty blatant metaphor too
oh it was
just look at kanade and bikki
it does
and yet all are right and all are wrong
or a tree
or a snake
or a fan
just like it can be a rope
but an elephant can be a house
claiomh solais is better
excalibur is boring
you're tying shirabe up with fine when you're not supposed to
i don't think so
again
it'll just be with kirika
what question? i don't think that shirabe has a role in the whole custodian affair
same with gx even
and yeah. g was supposed to the end of the story as well
yup
pretty much
no fine is dead to her at this point, so it's pointless
but we're not going to get anywhere on this
obviously i don't think it's enough
i don't think they threw enough doubt on that one though
not sure if my analogy works though
it's like you're pointing at the very large house on fire and say that it's fire before yoinking us and saying that it's actually the house behind the first house is on actually on fire
in the case of storytelling, i don't count lying to the audience as being subtle.
at least that's my take on it
because i feel that it wasn't subtle
we already knew that the three of them were potential candidates for fine at that point so when the show pulled off that genjuuro thing, it just felt like they were saying, 'look at us! we're being subtle!'
it was a sledgehammer tap at that point
it wasn't that brushed over quickly
and orders basa around
'you have failed to protect japan. now you will answer to me!'
methinks that fudou might try to control tsubasa more directly
i'll wait for the bds
it was on the phone and i wasn't really listening
also seriously, did kiri win an olympic gold?
but not voiced
oh and chris finally uses red hot blaze
also segway noise
love that he's one of the hate sinks for the show now
yup ten seconds cut was kirika's version of her s1 transformation
points to those who actually got that one >_>
looks like elfnein has gone full qtpi
also damn shemha looks a lot like aigis
docking achieved
it's a proper symmetrical docking
carol or shemha miku
let's see who comes first as a unit then
alright
only over 1k stones
only 1k stones
carol or shemha miku?
which one?
=p
talking about symphogear in this chat
so i'm speaking to you from the future
by then i'm already asleep because it's nearly one over here
tokyo mx stream
||all three of them were there. elsa and millarc got the bloodiest deaths and we didn't see what happen to vanessa but we can assume the same thing happened to her||
||i mean, i know everyone wants noble red to die but man...that wasn't really satisfying at all||
||that was the most pathetic death scene in a while||
the grass cutter?
>_>
well, her biological dad is still alive
but really though it's only millarc dying like that which is my problem
but again it still feels off to me
i guess
it's more for catharsis reason
it's not to finish the arc
i guess they had to split
my, looks like noble red's plans have fallen to pieces
need tsubasa to beat the crap out of her
i do feel that millarc being offed here was a waste though
he's used well in this ep so he's fine. no complaints about topdad here
were they catgirls in the original psp game?
question about the three materials from nanoha
