Then we would all be ver
There's that negative connotations kicking in
It sounds like he just doesn't like the word itself.
Maybe you just associate the word crossdresser with negative connotations. I for one aint never heard of the term shifter to refer to a crossdresser.
Crossdressing aint always about gender, sometimes its simply about wanting to look good.
I just wanted ti know what the difference was
Have you been giving me information that you aren't sure of?
So they are ineligible for insurance?
What would be the difference in health care?
Such as: if a brick fell on a transpersons foot vs. a brick falling on anyone else's foot.
Could you give me a situation as an example.
I mean how is trans health care any different from normal health care?
What is trans health care?
Well in any case hes been reported. All you can do now is try to move on from this.
Did he get away or was he taken into custody
How are you feeling?
How'd you catch him?
Have you contacted the police?
Can I just point out that "shifter" sounds a lot more derogatory and ambiguous than "crossdresser". I mean crossdressing is generally an accurate description within itself. Shifter on the other hand sounds like some kind of slang and makes the act of crossdressing, out to be some sort of joke.
Is cable still around?
They dont need to keep funding originals
Another ww
More likely the economy crashing
Thats pretty smart
Whats that?
Netflix is basically blockbuster evolved
Companies that stay modern replace the outdated version?
Arent Netflix and blockbuster both American companies?
Quick question.... What are you on about?
Well now thats over, lets talk about why shield hero is bad.
We're the bags different or were they all the same?
What did the bag actually say?
I dont think they want the bag
hate is a strong word
I dont like how social media drama is even a thing.
Quickly, what does gaslighting mean?
weird? no. Complicated? yes.
I dont know about that, but this social media stuff needs to get fixed
we really do
his statement juxtaposed with his wife's really makes him look guilty
"exit this marriage with style"
"heidi's mental wellbeing"
dayng, thats rough.
does she do the same stuff as him?
whos his wife?
I dont know who he is, but I'd like to know what the evidence is.
You think a text would have changed that?
It wont make it worse, but it's generally better to say important things face to face.
Never send a text
Dont send a text
but even a subway tunnel has its perks
nice scenery unless its a subway
unlike buses
depending on the situation it isnt very crowded
maybe because you dont have to do anything to get to your destination
The only good thing about public transport is meeting pretty girls
that a good factor
people who dont wash their hands
people who dont cover their mouths
people that cough into their hands and then touch others
What about interacting with dirty people?
stress?
Depends on the kids game
There are a lot of YouTubers
But she mentioned medical transition.
And?
Has she brought up the subject?
Have you Talked to her since?
First of all, is this recent
So why did you tell her?
Why do you say probably?
What was the makeup drama?
Not my type of humor
Well when it comes to YouTube, its generally assumed that the goal of a channel is to get more subscribers. So when reach is used in that context it doesn't work.
Reaching isnt a good word to use
So he has regained more than 1mil subs at this moment?
Its a different story when they act like creepers ass well
But has he reached it twice?
1 million isn't a big number
Im sure there are plenty of channels like that
1 million what
Thats fine, I just want him to keep making a fool of himself.
No, keep going. I wanna see how far he takes it.
Everyone deserves a chance to change
If they've always been like that it wont change much, but I doubt they will keep bugging you about it.
In that case it would be a negative comment
Depends on how it was delivered
So it was more a playful jab than hostile
I don't know what that means
Depends on how your family treats each other.
Not as bad as other countries though (hopefully)
NZ is f*cked in its own way
Head teacher is an asshole to staff and they are sick of the higher ups not doing anything about it.
Okay, that explains it be more.
I only saw the first image
Failure of a protest in my opinion.
How am I supposed to toot to show my support if I dont know what im tooting for.
Do you have anymore information on what its about?
About what?
Rekt
https://www.animenewsnetwork.com/interest/2019-04-17/tv-tokyo-issues-formal-apology-for-kemono-friends-2-producer-unprofessional-conduct/.145816
Just did some calculations, 
This graph checks out.
