silence might wear off when skill if off cooldown.  so probably better not to switch songs?
Trying to finish season 3 lol
Not all of them have big boobs
Followed too.  Thanks.
Thanks
The blind makes you do 0 sometimes too
Do you have a spot Haz?  I think you removed me.
Weird.  Some of the arena ppl I’ve fought have only 1 character instead of 5.
kinda wished I started doing raids much earlier -.-;;
hmmm, i need 4 giga power and 4 giga meledy to finish free chris.
night
guess i need to change some teams memorias then lol thanks.
oh, which ones are abilities? like +15% healing is ability?
they don't?
oh, I see.  so you probably need the same drops as me.
you're is at what lvl now?
if it dies, you'll still get some drops.  which exact drops are you trying to get?
I'll tag into Hazzy's after I'm done with this one.
I can put up some more int if needed.  I probably need to make some space in followers list first.
or by the time she comes, we're all strong enough to handle the raids?
nice
i have like 30 tickets left.  might use them all on last day of the basa banner, to try and MLB.
Most of my Jiis are at 1-3 copies only.  they pretty squishy....
i put like 50 tickets on the basa banner.  1 away from MLB burnbasa.
wow not even burnbasa..
you'll just have to go and find where it is.
Credd's too
wow Ahegao just took out Wayfarer's raid.
okay
oh, i did that mission early.
oh, I just finished 2-14. I guess i caught up to you lol
has anyone tested out if filters work properly?
depends how they set up the raid.  They can make it private, followers only, or public.  thought I'm not sure if there's a problem with the filtering or not.
yes
my list is full of friends raids lol
yeah, took me about 5 refreshes to appear.
431796950, just made some space.
<@!292700103544930315>
sorry.  Needed the Fantasy stuff.  I'll contain myself and tag others now.
that's why you use usually see it up as friend support at 70.
if you do all the missions, you get 6 copies.  So it's the easiest one to MLB.
it's the Chris you get from doing the missions.
probably doesn't do anything but you never know.
oh, like shut down app and do a full shutdown of phone (assuming you play on mobile).
hmmm, try full reset before knocking out?
lol
60?
hard part is getting everyone in the loop lol
yeah, tough to coordinate last kill lol
This guy really wants to beat it.
Paused
In
Paused
I’m good with pink.  Need fantasy
More rainbow
6 giga fantasy 2 giga body
If you haven’t already.  Follow sanic, the code was up earlier.
Np
It’ll show how much you have
You can check the reward detail and hover over the item you want to check
then trade to MLB their units on main
wont matter, ppl would play multiple accounts to take advantage of that.
oh i started all stars yesterday.
just completed all of S1 and check missions to see if there's any with time limit i guess.
i think only the S1 stuff goes way in 2 days.  others don't seem to have a limit, unless i haven't unlocked yet?  I'm at the end of S2.
double clear?
so it's probably friends only?
i can't see them either, is why I think that.
probably only available to followers.
Jii solos second one.  third one, can't lol
yeah, i use someone's lvl 70 T Jii.
wow, i'm only lvl 13.
makes a difference lol.  i've lost fights because it looks like the team is beatable but their formation stat boost made them monsters.
did you lvl up your formation?
i completed missed season 1.  started on season 2.  I only get 10 points a piece and need to refresh until i find someone i can beat.
but i'm in rank 165.
you have strong units, you should catch up quick i think.  My units are weak lol.
yeah i think so
okay, i lied -.- only 8k lol.....
I'll hit Credd's but i probably can only do 15-20k lol
wow, you're gonna pass me soon lol
I'll hit the red carol.
damn, big brain.
or the tagger is the main account.
maybe they leave it open so that it's not super apparent who they're helping?
oh i see it too
oh, is that why it seems that there's less raids than usual now? lol
looks like it's 8 now
in
lol
yeah, might be multiple accounts.  the number is different for each profile lol.
yeah, it's only updated after you exit or kill raid boss.  So on final hit, if you pause the fight, you can allow other people to come in and get in the final hit.  allowing more than 1 person to get killing hit bonus.
true.
so don't want to go crazy i think
they might have stopped already.
I meant to start 1 or 2 of your own raids and see if someone is actually beating them all to 1 HP.
*shrugs* open 1 or 2 and see what happens.
Thanks, I'll hit your red Carol now.
just because it happened once doesn't mean it's a regular thing lol.
tagged her
Attacking now.
there's also a Dex Carol at 207k by numbers
added, i'll hit it in 2 minutes, if it's still standing.
yeah, i need to finish all the story.  still on part 3, mid way done.  then all the free missions.
it's dead
wow, not bad.
you brought stones or that's just from farming them?
if you started red raid, i'll hit it in a bit.  i only do around 150k i think though.
ah, I haven't used her much so not sure about her performance lol.
who are you LU?
congrats
always get more xp even if my units dont' have the song on.
i just tested based on the xp increase.
didn't realize songs buff your units even if they're not equipped.  Guess I need to level them all.
assuming you're doing hard, 3 CP is 1x damage, 5 CP is 2x damage, 10 CP is 3x damage
2 runs of 5
okay it's up.  finally died on turn 28.
team*
he's taking a while to kill my tam.
other ppl usually join in if you take off 500k.
np, i'll make it public.
I can put up more powers, they're easier to put down compared to rage and int
are you summoning another or need a new up to be up?
wow Bern, you really want that T dead lol
hmm 117k not bad.  thought i wouldn't even get to 100k.
hit it twice, don't feel like wasting more refills on it.
her faint is useful for PVP.
i just LU any unit i find useful.  I got a 3* basa to 6*, just because I wanted to strength my Int team.
wow, someone killed it fast.
once adds are down, more ppl will probably join and kill her fast.
hitting the carol.  I'm not that strong but maybe i'll be able to kill the adds a bit.
I'll hit it a few times in a bit.  Not sure I can even dent it but we'll see lol.
Did you put it up yet?
Which miracle raid?  Green Carol?
hit your raid a few times Jade
so he can take out P raids easy.
Cais has really strong INT team.
I can do P carol in about 18.
what's reasonable for you?
I still see it up Cheruiel =x lol
I'll hit your carol when my CP recovers
putting up a red carol is probably better.  Griffly got 5 giga Int in his lol.
not sure many people have good Body units, so might be tough to take down.
sorry, maybe next time i'll take it down to 5k or something lol
good luck with drops and hopefully you can take down the last 11k lol
kill
oh nvm
just Griffly left
okay it's up
okay, posting in few seconds.
let me know when you're ready and I'll post to followers only.
follow me if you haven't yet.
if no one needs, i'll probably just post to all in 10 minutes
P Carol
okay, my Carol is needs 14k to be dead.  Anyone need?
I'll let you know when it's about dead.
working on a P Carol.  could drop Int.
yea, I'm working on one.  I'll probably post it once it's close to death, so people can get final hit.
does anyone need red Carol?
wow, you're pvp team is going to be even more scary soon. <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
nice lol.  I lack good AoE.  So i just focus down with MLB ignite Sword.
yeah, i run 2 healers in front.  burnbasa and XD Jii.  they usually stay in front for 15+ turns.
oh not bad.
nope, just burnbasa Power
if you need more P carols, just post it up here.  I'll hit them.
dead
hmmm, she'll probably be dead in 5 minutes
hitting it
change your username so they know your account code to add you.
see other ppl's usernames?
team*
Cais has a crazy good Int tam
so it's jsut no one is hitting it
wait it already says invites on
then request help.
click on Info
hitting it
i paused and forgot about it for like 20 mins i think?
hitting that Tech now.  probably wont' be able to kill but it'll be pretty low once i'm done lol
maybe they did before i joined, when global didn't exists.
i doubt it?  i only ever see global raids.
oh =x  I hear the players that play JP say that all the raids are pretty much soloable now.  So that may be why?
it's a small chance too i think.
you need to LU the unit to 6* to gain ability to do additional attack.
i should have a P carol ready in a few minutes
hmmmm, i'll post it now up.  I guess only 1 lucky person will get the kill bonus.
will probably post it in 10 minutes
I have a P carol that's about 4k from death.  who needs?
working on a P Carol.  Will probably release it when it's close to death, so people can get the kill.
looks like it's already ded
hmmmm, not sure i can kill in time but i'll hit it after this battle
if there was more ppl, we would do the pause thing
that's fine, means more ppl get a chance for drop lol
good drops?
or maybe crystal stilling trying to kill.
guess no one paying attention lol
okay posting.  I guess you can kill Crystal since no one else has mentioned anything
i'll wait 3 minutes then post in case others need.
it's down to 11.3k HP
anyone besides Crystal going to try and kill?
okay made some space
i'll clear when i'm done with this fight
almost ready, just 80k left to go.
trying to get her below 10k hp
think i need 5 more Giga trainings too.
yeah, i need mostly Finesses now.
if it's public i'm sure there's like 2 others hunting Lions too.  one being Angelix.
okay, i'll hit it when this Fine kills me lol
and 1 mat from Lion
yeah, you need 2 mats from Fine
i'll use all my rice to kill lions and fine, just need ppl to put them up lol
i don't see any other Lions lol
yeah i just killed Brinks
this lion should be dead in a few seconds
worryStab is neb i believe?
can't get KOed.
having MLB Testament helps a lot on both.
Fine sucks because of Instant KO.
Lion is easy if you have strong INT units.
still have over 100+ rice.
oh, maybe i'll fighting it now lol
currently fighting someone's loin right now
what's your friend code Cocoa, i'll kill it for ya lol
oh okay.
i've been killing every Fine and Lion I see lol.
oh crap, didn't notice this was activate.  think i accidently killed some of the raids lol -.-;;
i thought it was gold Carol
oh, i thought ppl were saying it was a different effect from what Serena can cleanse before.
skull
i thought she didn't
done Serena even remove the KO effect?
man Halvrave kills fast, i'm still fighting it -.-;;
But I got all the fine mats done.  Just need lion mats
Takes me 30 CP for fine -.-;;
Just joined yours btw.  I’ll pause so satoshi can join
Yeah I can 5 CP too.
I’m surprised there’s more fines and no lions up lol
Oh? Lions?
guess you'll get her 70 first lol
wow you've having better luck with lion drops than me.  i've only got like 5 of them -.-;;
oh i see
okay fighting Doom's Lion now
yeah, not much lions up because ppl can solo them i think
Some progress better than none I guess
Only 1 giga from all the lions lol
I like INT teams I guess
I still have lots of stones.  Might try to pull unison sword/jii
Okay it’s up
Playing while working lol
1 more left.  Give me a minute
But he’s XP blocked right lol
Hana gonna need so many lions lol
I’ll probably need more for Germain,  not sure I want to roll rest of the alchem
Lol how many do you need?
Think he’s done with lion for now.  He plays on phone, so might not be seeing messages
This CC should be interesting.  See how many actives left that care about CC lol
I feel I was a bit lucky with fine mats but lions not dropping mats for me lol
Lol.  At least you were done with one of the mats
Okay it’s up
You have me added?
Yeah, I’ll summon the next one after this one dies
Kk
oh really?
i'm just 4 lion drops away =x
Fines take more CP/better teams to take down lol
oh, more ppl are pulling up Lions
Can just hit once.  Post it up, then start the second hit but pause before you kill it.  You should get highest damage since you took all it’s hp
Are you able to solo it?
Bonking it now
yeah, waited like 3 mins and no response.  pretty sure others killed it before i did anyway lol
anyone else waiting to bonk?  i'm able to kill Hanabi's Lion.
already am
going to spend so much to try to NP5 her later this year -.-;;
oh is that consort Yu?
nice.  Thanks Nep.  got a 5 drop <:TsubasaSmug:585839805737467920>
<:TsubasaNote:689554460044820608>
in
yea
i'll wait for doom lol.
who died?
wow, 4 turns lol
hmmm, 3 fines up, no lions -.-;;
they're flocking to mine too.  because i have 1 MLB alchem.
not second but got top 30 twice and top 50 once i think?
i still have like 40M gold from all the CCs i did.
you'll get gold then
it's okay, CC is coming.
nice
hmmm, my gold is probably not going to run out any time soon i think.
i'll try 5 CP next
let me know when you need another.  i still have 2 more spawns lol
it's up.  Adds are at %25 health i think.
might take a while to die lol.  I'll let you know when it's up.
gonna spawn and do 3 CP and see if that's enough for adds or not.
yeah, was testing 10 CP after i MLB Test
i can spawn from fine's if you need doom.
man, having MLB Test really does cut down the time for Fine -.-;;  Wonder if i can 10 CP her now.
need some way to deal heal down to deal with Serena.
was healer Serena or Jii?
put up fine if you need.
not sure if you have me added, so i'll make it public when you're ready.
okay, i'll weaken it first.  so you can get kill bonus.
or do you not care and just want to hit?
hmmmm, do you want me to put it up with less than 1 M?
cool.  let me know if you need more
<@!96856658101145600> can you solo Lion?  tell me when to make public.
okay, I'll start Lion now for Ippikiryu
do you need Lion too?
okay she's up
dont need fine mats currently.  it's just going to be a while til adds down using 5 CP.
unless you can kill her from 100%
okay, starting Fine now.  I'll try to take out the adds before i make it public.
fighting a random one right now lol
i'll put up a lion later i guess.  still have 2 left for today.
in a lion right now, i'll let you know when she's up.
haven't used any of my fines today yet
hmmm, give me a few minutes
oh lol
hmmmm, i guess next one, i'll make it less 300k
global and jp working to troll you.
oh nice Quaker put one up
guess i'll clean my followers list now
okay it's public
okay ready?
can do 500k if that's safer lol
yeah, was thinking of 800k
like 300k more damage.
about 2 mins
