I'm a cat nya and want to see chris in a nekogirl outfit nya
I'm a cat nya~
Nya~??
Haro~ Nya~ to  all!
Nya~~
I there a Miku in sexy outfit?? bunny girl preferably??
Oooooh~~~
maria looks like a derp though
XD
Agent Maria XD
and have someone take a video of you in vr doing it XD
XD
I want to see shirabe doing carameldansen
bikki is also pure... purely straightforward
XD
XD
she became even purer without original sin
a hand held freakin ballista
ballista XD
XD
it's monday -_- sadly
boob reload

Chris did a rushuna tendo's boob revolver reload XD
Ver won't probably do that, on the other hand I would be more convinced if he uses something on Miku to make Miku forcefully transform into a user of something...
oh and frankentein just shoot hibiki with boob missiles
starting with kirika??
then uses boob break
bondage play seems like she has a desire to tied up...
Halt all operations... the japanese government has ordered
saying hibiki and st. germain became one sounds lewd
and then miku swallows hibiki and become vore XD
-_-
MIKU GEAR MIKU GEAR MIKU GEAR!!!
so miku's getting new armor hype!!
and elfnein will be used to make it a gear
most probably
she punched chris a lot to befriend her
they need elfnein's knowledge so the target for abduction is probably her
probably that is by far the most plausibe... milarc likes beheading people in a bloody bloodbath after all
the she develops miku's gear
that would be awesome
and that blood would be milarc being hit by carol instead
what if carol resurfaced to help??
didn't carol and elfnein combined??
St. Germain did return as a Stand
St. Germain and Dr. Ver are villans I like XD it has no relation to adam
he said they are coming and he needs god power to overwhelm them but he failed...
remember why adam wanted god power
and ver is just dr ver
I mean St. Germain when I said jean XD
the gods
no I mean the one adam wants to fight
THEY are coming
oh wait there's still the note that adam left
I prefer Jean and Ver when it comes to villany
yeah ep5 is just a bath scene
well it's only ep 4 fcking ep4 and the villains were already downed
only to be revealed that they all survived XD
s1 ed was so dramatic
well they did specifically put two crucial people for the development and use of that weapon...
it's painful
XD
but they didn't die!!!
that Ending was Epic XD
yeah
well that's why G became like the darkside of Symphogear and S1 became the comic trash because of the gitches
which was also instigated by Ver's Super Plan
well they are only following their Mom's decision after all
Maria was all This is for the People
yup
also miku's killings were because of Maria's team so technically it counts as their killings
yeah... but well didn't Maria and team joined song to atone for their crimes?
yeah
because if they do then Maria's team also killed a lot of them
XD
they don't consider ARMY as People
give Miku gear and murder a lot of people focibly XD
and the loli
for the poor souls she killed
she must become a sacrifice... a SACRIFICE
F to motorcycle
they let Basa drive a motorcycle again...
that's why they remade nanoha
yeah probably
I mean they made Nanoha trash everyone of the champions that Vivio lost to and then Nanona loses to Vivio because she was too worried about her and didn't stand up when she was on countdown
yeah
I was dissappointed in Vivio though... they overly nerfed Nanoha
nah there are positioning and ecchi stuff difference in BD
I also need to Rewatch Nanoha's BD's
need to rewatch the BD's
because the wife is sad
there's also some backstory on maria's gear
well Fudo still have the relic and they are probably working on something else based on the relic
yeah
yeah... but that's probably not included in Fudo's plan
they are building an army it seems
and those autoscorer bodies
yeah
remeber what they were doing... they were planning something else noble red that is
-_-
on Car
Ninja Art
yup
well in these situation Kanade will probably pop up like st germain on Hibiki
Maria should be more forceful
well Tsubasa is currently suffering from some kind of brainwashing
lover's spat XD
with the Autoscorer and Generator thingy
Well they did caught Elfnein's interest
just look at Ogawa and his dodging skills and ninja art
ahahahahaha... that randomness is pretty symphogear like
centered on MIku and Bikki
heck even AXZ ending was a big Cliff
and it will be another cliff
well for sure the next episode will have a lot of surprises
well Bikki would be termed as an abnormal mutation
then Hibiki would be an even superior species because she was released from original sin
Hibiki was a natural gear inheritor
some are forced
not inherited but more RNG
but not a new one...
Finally a Mega Deth skill though
XD
well he is certainly not a normal creature
so maybe close
yeah he is against the custodian no more like he wants to fight the custodians
the mummy??
ah
so Adam is it
Sumerian Slave = Lulu Amel??
were wolf?
that was also a god like entity
it kinda resembles
Nihilanth
there should be a G Man
were going half life in the next episode??
what was that called that fetus like thing
it's like the boss from halflife?
she will just reply with a Dessss
it's Kiri after all
true
it was some random relic
XD
or is it the episode one??
also we still haven't seen a Fine reference
ah she was fighting Fine that time
guess I need to rerunn every Season Again
but Kanade helped tsubasa wake up at that one point... I forgot where it was...
but well I guess Maria's Past would probably not stay silent with that
like some kind of soul world and connect the three
then make it a threesome with Kanade??
what if they made and excellent full gay twist and have Maria Kiss her to snap out of it
Well Hibiki is kinda like Nanoha... she need to blast Tsubasa to sanity
yeah
it reminds me of samurai deeper kyou where one of their enemy had an entire wide space inside the body
there's even a second batch
how did all of that fit inside her XD
hibiki's first
this though
うん、おもいぃぃぃぃぃ。
XD
Hello Muscle Time
so alchemy allows you to have unlimited boob missiles??
where do her boob rockets come from.... ah no it's the power of ALCHEMY no shit explanation needed...
on ending
multi gay ed's
XD
Miku x Hibiki
that's why Kirika and Shirabe needs to be more gay to be able to finally stop the linker dose

they even had the same color scheme
berserk biki looks like that cat-girl from blazeblue
the Yuri intensifies Phonic gain so it's a must
they don't even bother thiking about dead people
Carol be like, I'm back bitches... now to kick some ass~~
and everyone combined powers beat enemy and the end...
then after the fight some new Enenmies far stronger than everyone would pop up
like next episode will be a Hibiki x Miku battle
Probably something else will come out on episode 11 or 12
and was even repeated
Miku remembered the episode one question so Miku will definitely do something bad... it was already foreshadowed
XD
Smug Carol is Best Carol
it was like only dressing up
it was too short
no I mean the growing up one
and boy noble red will be in serious shit if her transformation lasts long...
too bad they didn't show a transformation sequence for her
if not for her villainy
We'll see what surprises are in store in the next episode... but... Carol is Still Best Girl!!!
Miku does have the qualities... unlike Bikki who is a muscle brained idiot
I wonder if Miku will be able to harness it though
they really have to give that fanservice
that was funny
and got shot in the ass to wake up ahahaha
yup she went berserk
but he fail miserably because he can't control god element XD
dunno what kind of human he is though
but he was still part of the humans with origial sin so he was not able to harness the power of gods...
and they got fucked up...
to be exact the custodians directed the evolution of men... but they strayed from what the custodias want
yeah true
while adam wanted to beat them up
Fudou probably wanted power of the custodians
you became a Jojo meme
how pititful you are
Adam
yeah true
yeah... she is technically a master alchemist on the level of a world dominator... puny mobs won't mean shit in front of her even on her weakened state
true... she just can't burn her current memories and adding elfnein's memories into the bruner...
Carol though... in her loli version not the grown up faust robe version... is she maybe conserving stuff...
yeah... the end is coming... I do hope that it would be glorious though...
well he wears plain clothes but still badass... he even regreted destroying his favorite shoes to stop tsubasa at one time... that was really cool and really badass...
true that would be seriously cool
ahahahaha
the Kabuto helmet
Samurai like??
but saint seiya armor would probably look aweful if he wears it so Kamen Rider is my vote too
indeed
or maybe sain't seiya  like?
also if Gen get's a symphogear armor... will it be like power rangers or kamen rider like??
XD
I woder what would be Ver's transformation though if he did have one... very intriguing...
even chris was wearing it after all
XD
true
well nehushtan did...
Hey... thinking about it now... wasn't solomon's cane a complete relic?... why didn't we get a Ver transformation scene??
And annhialator and a regenerator... it does defy both logic
it was activated XD
Durandal was not destroyed
Durandal Slash XD
it would even make tsubasa's collateral damage cute...
and did lots of collateral damage...
Well only hibiki so far have successfully activated a full relic without going berserk, nah she did go berserk several times...
that thing was sharp as hell
Heck I wouldn't even be surprised if other Full Relics will be activated and used again like durandal
and them using some absurd combination of powers to boot
I mean I could only see the ending as Miku and Hibiki fighting something really formidable
yeah that too probably
like every samurai movie does
no he will do it for his country
He really must
he must...
then fudou regret horribly what he did and do a self sacrifice
XD
two people in one
I see
XD
and they can swap
Elfnein Became a Stand
Well Hibiki will do something about it
Her whole body was converted into god energy and became Shem-ha's true vessel
Remade to be exact
I don't think so
Well it was not Miku Yet coz that was Shem-ha atm
Miku New Gear Hype!!!!
Super OP
As expected of a True Boss Character
she did only one attack and all of them were TKOed
She only played with her strings and barriers
As expected of the one who almost destroyed the world
they can't even fight back
and as expected... Noble Red was totally trashed by Carol
If she did wan't more output for dur dabla then she will need to burn some memories
Nah She doesn't use memories anymore
will we have another genjuro montage after next episode??
No probably Miku became Shem-ha's stand
It was the work of an enemy stand!!!
more songs more explosions
Let Carol Sing Sing More!!!
Dunno...
Carol is a living tactical nuke
Ahahahaha...
XD
as expected of Gen
DurDabla Da to!!!
Heel Turn Time
Well she technically a only a copy of Carol but it's still carol nonetheless
the strongest weapon
As expected of Copy-Paste
it still kinda resembles her other gear XD
yup
on her right hand is Shem-ha

She has 4 Horns
XD
She was Horny
still though it's been a while since they activated their Super Gear Forms
it looks mechanical
XD
XDU will have some new Gears for Miku soon
Miku Shem-ha-sama XD
XD
She solves everythig by Fisting
she doesn't use her brain a lot
What else wwould you expect from Biki
ahahahahaha
it's like a lvl 1 newbie fighting against a lvl 999 Boss
well at least they were able to surprise her... that's all it did though
Ahahaha... Trap Carol in an alchemic labyrinth... didn't even last 10 seconds to break heck it probably didn't even last a second
and all of them were KO'ed
she got annoyed and threw one attack
That made me shiver
Still, love Carol's Absolute Flexing...
Needs Battery
has the power to destroy memes
The Power To Destroy Miracles XD
Well they have to thank Noble Red though because the Trigger for Carol's return was that Mind Blaster
yeah the God took over Miku instead so all their supposed to be used controls were probably removed...
but wait I wonder what Fudo will do this time... worship the god and ask for protection?? or try to control it and end up dead
XD
God Mode
I think Biki will still have one more gear transformation...
for tentacle play
and with two floating belts
Her armor is mostly for legs XD
it upgraded into a wider pants
it is really close


She doesn't have an armed gear because her armed gear itself was a philosophical weapon
I love the look from saint germain's team at that time
Ah... the time she smacked a Giant snake said to be Invulnerable was epic
and the god Energy was dispersed
They Injected Anti-Linker on her Butt
only to end up being trashed after Shem-ha was reborn
and thought he was the one doing the manipulation
what if Fudou was actually being manipulated by Shem-ha??
He will certainly be doing something in next episode
then Miku and Biki fighting Shem-ha
with some weird reasoning as how they could pull her out
I won't even be surprised if they directly pull out miku from Shem-ha
Well St. Germain's team did always talk about law of equivalent exchange especially when they transformed the nuke into god energy
yeah... It's Phonic Gain after all
Well her Body was Converted into God Power ad was reformed into that of Shem-ha... so her soul should still exists somewhere probably inside Shem-ha... then it would be a matter of Alchemy to return her back...  "Law of Equivalent Exchange" after all
fisting to wake up a sleeping beauty
I think Fine will make an appearance to Miku
and remade her
but instead God absorbed Miku
What they plan was to use MIku's controlled state to use the god's power...
and gets fisted
the moon becomes a giant mecha??
Wait what
Maybe the last battle will held on the moon
then here we go again
and noise pop out
adds "but you must grow even more stronger..."
XD
and broke his shoes stopping basa's heaven sword wrath
headpats fine too
because they are rascals who don't follow the family's natural order??
well at least they don't do many episode long fights like in dbz
I wonder what he will show bikki
gen needs a montaage an anti-god montage
and miku... Miku bacame a god!!!
the Hype levels intensifies too every episode
this time it's episode 1 that is bland and after that it's all freakin cliffhangers
we will finally know what Fudo plans for japan next episode??
she is God Level Tsundere
she will probably be messing around with Elfnein now that she's awake in tsundere ways
Elfnein is technically her backup drive
if elfnein exists so will carol
like Yugi
Carol and Elfnein are one
then she didn't want to remake them anymore probably gonna build a new version of them though...
also she would take a lot of time rebuilding/reparing such completely trashed bodies...
so she wants a burial for it
she can remove their memo core and change bodies but those bodies they are currently using is good as dead
so they are Jesus??
if not for the homicidal traits and hands
she's cute and a really good girl
or like noise pop out try to attack people then is blocked by some kind of barrier then be hit by a spear
so nobody dies
maybe this time they made a better and more accurate noise detector
Fudo is a real martial artist and a master class probably... Gen well he's just Gen... just look at his diplomat brother... he is normal but smart...
that god is probably really pissed
I don't think shem-ha would be happy being forced like that
maybe he'll die a martyrs death??
I don't think with that situation
ahahahahaha
the Fudo vs Gen fight was not enough NOT ENOUGH too short!!!.
probably some secret training to beat god??
I think there will be one
montage
there was a literal cliff too
as expected
and another cliff
XD
Super Effective
XD
Wife Slap
they got split literally XD
fck everything else it's all about Gen and his manliness others are just backstory XD
that episode is all about Gen's manliness
yeah
it couldn't be helped
Gen's Manliness should be displayed after all
ahahahaha if only Gen didn't need to show his cool side he would have been slaughtered by basa
they are not normal human
I think they are still alive
Chris already got her moments in AXZ though
Symphogear After = Slice of Life, Shoujo Ai... would be awesome...
he knows his power alone can't protect his country so he tapped into something he shouldn't have
well can't help the guy
yes that's why he won't deny everything
he won't deny all he did definitely and announce to all that it was for the country
yup
I think fudou will surrender this time
because he hesitated
that's why fudou called him a baby
Nehushtan could not kill him because of sheer manliness
sleep for a week
yes yes we know calm down
the big fisting is coming
sleep for a week
true because of noble red
here comes america
bikki's dad?
I was expecting a dagger throw block
yeah
but I didn't expect that
the dad catching the bullet was cliche though
but gen hesitated because of his pure manliness
basa broke it
no it was disarmed not broken
and manliness
heck highlights is still Gen vs Fudou
FMA the lost an arm a leg and a body
they are seriously tenacious
I don't think they are dead yet
fine also hates the moon
wait shem-ha a god hates the moon
shem-ha wi definitely attempt to destroy the moon
biki is coming to wake up her sleeping wife
the intro though... miku... miku... MIKUUUUUU...
I vote for montage next episode
I'm going to die from serious withdrawal
fck
wait yes 4
3 MORE
3 more
no basa stopped when gen blocked
that's why fudou called gen a baby
the god is pissed... and we all know where that is heading
everyone be like give all your phonic gain to bikki
to bikki
maybe a spirit ball charge in form of singing
there something in the moon that shem-ha hated
a copy of ver's memory??
remember that shen is used for sealing
that was probably a fragment of shen
they based it on shen
gouki??
I want more Carol Flexing
nothing destroys mind control effectively but wife slap
then give basa a wife slap??
hybrid mecha monsters??
XD
arfuwachen synchrogyzer??
this is PHONIC GAIN
well it's the power of J-Pop
Ver is still the true Hero
pissed real badly
and yes Fudou definitely pissed the god
Shem-ha be... I ma firin ma laser
XD
XD
Pudge
XD
what if the three of them mixed up into one
not unless they are really good people
because who wouldn't XD
it's all about those connected close to the gods
because in shinto priests don't matter much
Shem-ha sama
even in the bible itself
that's why any media with religion written would always add that troupe
historically
it is true though
religion is just used as a pretext to abuse in early age after all
yeah
especially high ranking ones
priests to be exact not specifically catholic
well most of them are
expect on next episode
Shem-ha da to!?
it's always people at the top
pretty much the same
yeah
they be like... Eat Amalgam B*tch... XD
yup as expected they were turned into real monsters... but still got kicked...
13
maybe the hair
Enki somehow reminds me of Kamina
though it seems like Enki actually cared
They don't even care about the humans anymore probably
or is that corpse someone else wearing the gauntlet of shem-ha??
well shemha's corpse was sent to earth along with the gauntlet
yep he reached the control room and activated stuff before dying
well they only reached the terminal for communication... I wonder if they will go to the control room in the next episode??
how did his arm reach earth though
probably inside the ruins
yeah... finally a connection to Fine huh
she didn't know what the curse was for
no I mean the reason she wanted to destroy the moon
Fine wants to communicate to Enki again right??
Kamina wearing Saint Seiya Armor = Enki
XD
well there are a lot of wild arms reference after all
true
so this was a spoiler all along
not rage type anger
no you don't see bikky have a serious face if she isn't really angry
eldest brother look more like a samurai though
pretty much still a ninja on a different platform
he was still an intelligence specialist though...
they didn't have enough memo's to rip off god XD
that would have been awesome but having carol come out is also good
XD
gen vs god
I wonder what gen was planning when he tried to walk outside...
their eldest brother looks like someone from a historical samurai show XD
they both spin like tops
ah no it ogawa clan
so the kazanari have an even older brother
XD
bikky's harem??
random ships
someone is really angry

then miku screams
but knowing bikki she probably wont do it and get stabbed by shemha instead
but miku won't do that though... it would be more plausible if miku tries to stops shemha and tell hibiki to finish her...
it's only in this battle that there are no noise or any monsters being summoned to be hindraces
a ballanced lance XD
that was probably a ballista
for a sec I thought it was a spear ahaha and was like what why a spear
her amalgam is a bowspear
ugh I just had a seizure trying to imagine it
and doing a transformation sequence
and trashes shemha
dr ver comes out
back to her original plan then??
they will also do ex drive??
she will probably use her all to disect shemha out of miku
she already did though
merge with elfnein as in pure merge??
and upgrade them??
they became comets... and yes noble red finally died...
wtf
now to play love live all star
good
oh
next sunday's release was delayed right??
but it's mecha
I already finished Yu Yunna
guess I'll start playing XDU now
I don't know how to fill the emptiness that was lost that is symphogear
and that's how gay marriage was approved in that world from that day on...
but what to do now... It has ended
oh there's still the shinai right??
Jason Movies
but that should have been the best moment for viewers to see
ugh...
and it was spoiler for the banner
WTF why do they have to cockblock MIKU AND HIBIKI's moment!!!!
EVRYONE CAME BACK!!!
GYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Ahahaha Miku is stronk
Biki literally fisted Shem-ha out of Miku XD
Metanoia (As Nana Wills)
I want to buy the whole collection but sadly I'm poor
yeah there's still the blu-rays
now we wait for bloody reviews
wehehehehe
wait what
LoLi SIF AS
all stars
there's a new SIF
true
ahahaha
not that original in story but very unique in mechanics
that's why it's very unique
ahahaha... it was crazy singing after all
it was as Nana willed
From Nanoha to Symphogear
It was quite unique compared to any magical girl/nanoha mecha type that I've ever watch
I wonder what symphogear's successor will be
if only macross have no males
Rinne
yeah
I wanted an upgraded Heaven's Wrath
it was only useful one time
useless
Basa's Heaven Sword Drop
every first time a move is release is good too
XD
but it's badass looking at attack cards...
that turned into a gundam
that unison too
for the glory of Metanoia
only Metanoia
too bad it was not a named move
when I saw that move I was like... what, why shaider of all things... that was a real surprise
Ahahahaha

Now that I think about it... that chris attack... it was Shaider
Shul Shagana
if it was in our country that church would definitely oppose
well see how people react to that...
yup...
sigh... alright already so could we end it at that already...
Nya~~
I was just caught on the flow so sorry if I hit you guys for some I just blurted out without thinking
yeah that's why I said my bad
in many ways and form
people think differently after all
it's just a thought of mine so you don't have to criticize it...
I don't think people would actually go out and be proud of it you know...
at that I guess it was my bad
yeah IRL lesbians are different
I was only saying that I approve of it and the *drool wasn't really because I was fetishing over it it's just my dumb face expression cause I'm happy
it's not a fetish of mine though...
XD
if LGBT is recognized Blooming Yuri relationships will be too that means the yuri couple will be more open but on another note they would increase the already decreasing birth rate of japan though...
Yuri will be openly implemented in Japan *drools
so maybe this time the Legal situations might ease up a bit??
they are also in the weird side on a different point of reason
-_-
germany
I might be wrong though
Indonesia I think have already established a third gender I think??
yeah
yeah true though they are open to the world now but they are still strict with their own culture and traditions
japan just goes with the flow after all
japan is actually quite progressive is what wiki says in regards to LGBT
religion in itself is fine but the people using it are worthless insects
they will just reason everything to god
true true
and their crusades
especially christianism
indeed that's why I hate it...
what do chinese call their religion btw??
ah right chinese are male dominant so they hate it
then LGBT
okay
but typing homosexual is long
I don't know of any religion who have a particular hate to homos other than muslims and christians
it is a christian based country though
nope
yeah and I hate the church for a lot of reasons too...
still though... there are countries with lesser affiliation to christian church heck even some christian countries are already accepting it even withthe great opposition...
but for a country like japan with a different religion aspect how will it be seen
it's colony thinking
XD
just because they were born
yup
those below should only follow those above them
usually in colonies only royalty is given power to think differently
Should I consider myself a royalty class or a rogue since I think differently from the norm??
must follow royalty
but well it's just like colonies of insects...
basically it's the elder's fault
humans want others to think the same way as them yet everyone is different
that's basic human nature in a way
yeah true
I mean not all people think the same way or we would be nothing more individual but be referred to as machines instead...
people should think that way
that is so true
ohh
praise america??
they only follow what their church says
and they won't listen
but they do
I know
I'm asian and some asian catholic countries really detest LGBT because they blindly following faith
well after all Allow LGBT = Denying the teachings of the Church
that would take a lot of time and reason convincing the center of catholic church enclosed by it
ugh
more nuke powerplants??
I wonder how effective the new railguns will be
global shifting XD
giant earthquake perhaps??
well north korea is in a state of countrywide brainwashing it couldn't be helped
ahahahaha true
UN is basically a third party mediating
but attend UN meetings
US is not part of UN
and stab his back
heck they'd even blame the hero
that's because UN is a group of countries playing hero but don't want to be the hero
because they said so XD
they only point
well because duh UN don't do shit
but people would backstab people like that
Fuck Him and his overblown ego to the point that he's even worshiped like a god
they boast their riches and yet they are afraid of it being taken and yet they were literally saying I'm rich so aim for my riches
that is the weird part
yup just to show they are rich
you don't have to think about it
it's a fashion statement
well people about that time only think about preserving their pure bloodline
even ethnic tribes
all ruler based civilization did that
To preserve our pure blood bulshit
inbreeading with close relatives made it worse
XD
well they are blue blood
ahahahaha
just like ants
yet because it's for all holiness it good
which is literally masacres
history records have always been weird to read... just read about crusades and how they "Punish EVil"
well the ones who wrote history usually uses their PoV in ancient times
well I guess that could also be the reason why china is very possessive nowadays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaDeB84WNjA
there was two wars aparently
the japanese invasion
they show it on ipman you know
was invaded by japan
reminded me of how weak china was before
too bad oda was backstabbed
dunno... western people wouldn't stay silent probably... because religious reasons again...
the mission for rising sun was all to harrass russians
and he really hated russians
that was glorious but the emperor was stupid
it reminded me of red alert 3 scenario
it was einstein who made us great that time
if they were not bombed US would have been in deep shit with that thing surprising them...
yeah true
well US military tech is in a hiatus on the development lately so the are outsourcing nowadays
that would have been awesome
are they proceeding with their unfinished super sub carrier
ohhh
do NK have good ones??
they did put a few in their new nuke carrier
since when did Video Games disappeared from Japan?? Likes seriously?? -_-
I know symphogear that's why I love it other than symphogear that is
I don't recall any other Nanoha-like anime coming out anymore
Nanoha became really popular
yeah
they shifted the franchise to nanoha after all
yeah
I wonder whose stronger though her mom or her dad
well the prequel of nanoha involves her family which acts almost like assassins'
true
she is a hardboiled fighter
it's probably inherited from her blood
XD
Well she will literally blast anyone
that was glorious
what I like in strikers is their training and Nanoha's monster mode
A's on the other hand has a really good battle plot
it wasn't even a strugle
Strikers was more plain
yeah
the movie of A's is also great
A's was actually what I like the most
I don't think vivio would even be able to defend herself from a spam of divine busters
well if nanoha was really serious I dout there's be anything left in the stage
still Nanoha is super strong XD what I wanted to see in the fight was the White Devil who even trashed fate before the tournament began
yup
everyone was basically immortal in that universe
force is shit
ugh
I want Innocent to have an anime
Madoka on the otherhand
nah dog days is too mild
the one where they play it like a game and there are dupes
they should make the alter nanoha into anime
her dad became an ex-fighter...
