dess_timely
dess_timely
<:HibikiHi:336657249827028993>
Heyy
Welcome!
Cuz it looked a lot like something from Chernobyl
Did anyone notice that shot in the OP with all the gasmasks?
Atleast metanoia is still up
<:HibikiCrying:421432969996271616>
They removed the xv songs from youtube today
Is tsubasas song downloadable yet?
Delays...?<:HibikiCrying:421432969996271616>
Or did I miss something?
Wasn't Angelic Remnant supposed to be released today?
You could ask if theres someone from the same country here whos willing to help out
You are talking here tho, maybe someone here can?
Can someone else call child services for you?
True, I've heard some countries use the military to make people follow the measures and it worked. Im not sure if that would work here tho, the riots mightve turned into something worse
Covid recently spiked again due to literally all measures being removed
In NL its mainly starting to feel like the government refuses to put strict measures back in place, for fear of more riots
Ive been seeing things like this a lot lately. The amount of 'healing' accessories being sold that turn out to be radioactive is kinda worrying me.
According to this youtuber, he managed to take down a bunch of radioactive products being sold on big websites like amazon, because of this video. But they just end up selling a different product, also radioactive, under a different name. <:KirikaTired:688429723726250054>
Yeah, it just doesnt make sense
I just dont understand why they put radioactive material in it in the first place... You already know you're scamming people, why make it cause harm instead of just being effectless
If it sounds sciency, people buy it <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
It was this one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7TwBUxxIC0
I recently watched a video about it, which, if it is true, clearly shows radioactive material has been put in those products
Especially when you see how badly some of that radioactive material is contained
I think most ppl wouldnt recognize it as a nazi, yeah. Theres no symbol or anything
It is concerning, but that is a whole different matter
Ah, my bad if thats the case
The meme itself had nothing to do with Nazis or politics either
Not defending musk in general, but i dont see how posting a meme related to mail pigeons that happens to have a nazi in it makes you a nazi<:thnkin:619867477962260490>
Im curious about this too. Considering vtuber companies dont allow any controversial topics, its gonna be interesting to see what choice they make here.
I didnt actually check if any of the niji vtubers got twitter blue yet<:thnkin:619867477962260490>
~~ike alban bias here~~
I mainly watch nijisanji vtubers. I only heard one remark about this whole matter from them and that was Vox Akuma joking about ''They whaled for check mark'' in a stream
Especially when you read the context below where tesla just says the driver never pressed the brakes
That is actually really disturbing to watch...
Ive heard quite a number of people say they wish to go back to that time because it was much simpler back then in terms of the social aspect. Since everyone was the same and owned the same things
Those are mainly the people who experienced the soviet union and wish to go back to that time though
a watermark wont stop people from using it for racism
They could also ban certain words from being used. Else cancel culture will get rid of the whole idea
Mhm
it could be interesting as a way of getting inspiration both for innocent things like writing and also for coming up with scientific theories, but it would need to be limited in some way to prevent it from getting out of hand in terms of racism and phobias
Considering racism was part of this 'joking' i think that would lead to it getting taken down even quicker, with consequences for the creators
Seems Elon is now cracking down on Apple on Twitter. 
Big surprise there /s
Gonna take it with a bucket of salt
This is just musk saying apple is threatening to remove twitter tho. Apple didnt make any statements on it from what i see<:thnkin:619867477962260490>
Would be funny to watch, but im kinda expecting Musk to tweet good things about Apple now to make up for his past tweets
Then watch musk pull out vague graphs that imply nothing to try and convince people that apple is bad
After he talked shit about apple over a rumour<:HimekoLMAO:928714433809756170>

as if he totally knows what hes doing
and then he says ''sacrifices must be made''
I feel like Musk is the kind of person that reads ''unethical experiments are horrific and must never happen again. They did however help us understand a lot about biology'', then he completely ignored the 'horrific' part and chose to focus on on the pros
In my country they're trying really hard to get more women into the developer industry. Im one myself and i had a number of guys approach me asking "did you pick this direction because you know you can get a job easily as a woman?" or "did you just do it for the money?"
I cant say ive noticed that much here. Mainly since the dev companies here dont really have much of a hierarchy
I probably should've done that. I wasnt rlly thinking straight to think of a comeback to it tho<:TeriRip:801041888642727937>
Sadly, some of these guys were actually my friends. I could tell they asked it as a genuine question and tried not to make it sound bad. Thats the issue with this tho, they dont seem to realize how bad that question is
It backfires when women are suddenly more wanted
Btw, is this 'lil X' his son..?
Hes trying to win over more people by posting videos about his stalkers online<:HoSHmm:979832783562231878>
Extremely important, yeah
I only excuse someone using it if its someone im very close with, when i am 100% certain that they're joking
I dont consider that overly sensitive. Its a very serious topic and especially after experiencing this irl, i tell people that im not comfortable with those kinds of jokes if they repeatedly use them
Oh wait, i missread, never mind
What even is the question of that poll
Why people hate her character so much
Well, it started as a serious discussion
That wouldve been better yeah
In that case they'd need to make a series or movie about what she did during end game.
You could call her superman 2.0. The way she fights and moves is similar
Thats because of how strong they made her tbh. They literally couldnt let her appear sooner because the movie wouldve ended right away.
Thats how overpowered she was
She just kinda shows up and the threat is gone
I remember she got criticized a lot, i did it myself too (not online just with some friends) because she wasnt a very well written character in the end game movies
Who exactly is this Quartering
I always heard happy holidays was just because theres christmas *and* new year's, which are also called differently in different cultures. So instead of having to say "merry Christmas and a happy new year", they just shortened it to "happy holidays"
The overall meaning of cancelling is getting bigger every day
The worst thing ive seen so far is people pitying Nahida's voice actress who is black, cz she had to voice a white character
Tighnari was also supposed to be black according to the haters, even tho hes not human and lives under a rainforest
They find something to hate on with every character tbh<:MiyanoShrug:807220666796343306>
Going by the 'artworks' made by the haters, they wanted straight up black
they wanted him more tanned
I stay far away from twitter for that reason. I heard about this happening a little while ago and it just disgusts me
That community has a very large woke cancel culture movement
Thats another topic, but yeah thats been brought up more than a few times too
People tried to cancel her for drawing artwork of a character she liked and thats not deserved to me
Im aware that being cancelled isnt always only good or bad, I didnt mean it that way either.
Someone i know uploads genshin artworks on twitter. She drew an artwork of Cyno, which was a controversial character at the time cz he was white, even tho hes from a desert region where ppl are known to be more tanned. People sent her death threats for being racist cz she drew him with white skin (same as in game)
ah i see
That doesnt stop people from doing it xD
uploading art is enough to get cancelled for these days
<:SerenaLaugh:688836867709337611>
Limited time offer till they increase it again?
Inbefore he says taxes are preventing free speech, so he raised the cost of twitter blue to afford them
Wait only IOS?
Wasnt this supposed to be a future feature that isnt even implemented yet?
Is blockers the same thing as transitioning then?
People wait for much longer as a result of this, when they're already sure of what they want
You said you had to wait years for an appointment Rakhi, thats one of the things im talking
Which is missing the point im trying to make
I try to, but everything is instantly ''I dont believe your doctors, its all sensationalism''
Nevermind. This discussion isnt gonna go anywhere, so im not gonna try to continue it
Theres only so many doctors that can help in these situations, and they're busy helping confused teens
These doctors *do* give a shit. Thats why they're talking about it
The news talked about it because doctors are talking about it
its not like that
Maybe so, but i can understand that as a teenager in puberty, it might be confusing too. Seeing others around you talking about transitioning is gonna make you wonder about yourself too, its not just about sensationalism
Im from the Netherlands. Ill admit i never looked at the data for it, but the thing about the doctors has been on the news. 
As a teacher, my mother also mentioned she now sees students that suddenly identify as a different gender/no gender a *lot* more often than before
In defense of the age requirement.. Doctors here are almost begging for an age requirement, because underaged kids show up believing they want to be a different gender due to the 'trend', then having regrets afterwards. Its making it harder for adults that are already past this growing phase to get approval for transitioning
So it basically blocks people from transitioning before the age of 18?
After seeing the quick assumptions made abt me
I dont think what i say now is gonna matter anymore tho
Most ppl consider me the opposite <:HoSHmm:979832783562231878>
Yeah i get it
Im not the best at phrasing things i guess, so yeah, ill leave it there
Im just gonna drop the topic
No. He said there were a lot of children hoping to transition, when a lot of them are just thinking that way due to how much of a trend it's become. That prevents them from helping people who are sure about their decision, which is causing queues
Again... you're missing the point
It was about wanting to help people transition
This isnt about transphobia...
If the girl grew out of puberty (with blockers perhaps), she wouldve learned more about what she wanted
Lmao, its not narrated like that
The point wasnt focused on the fact that she regretted it. It was focused on the fact that the doctors wanted to help people who were sure about their decision but ended up helping people like that girl
ahh
Everywhere? :o
I dont remember where the news was from, it was on tv iirc
She ended up regretting it
I remember it was about a girl wanting to be like her father, so she tried to transition to male
Maybe it was abt the actual transitioning then
Sorry if i upset or insulted someone with the earlier topic. That wasnt my intention
