yeah thanks agian, I'll start watching now probalby the last ep will be out by the time I get to it.
ah thanks. I still haven't started watching it actually cause I always binge anime when they are complete so I was worried that I'd have to wait for another week.
ah so it will be still possible to see it in time?
hello guys I just wanted to quickly drop in and ask is it true that the final episode has been delayed by a week? Thanks.
yeah but its still sad
it really felt like an end to me
I mean the series as a whole not just this season
damn just finished binging all of xv in one go.. Its really over isn't it..\
what did you want to happen then?
Once I saw all the past enemies and friends show up there in the end I was like yep the series is over...
with symphogear over most likely for good whats the point in life anymore?
rip carol. She was my least favorite villain in the show but I fangirled like crazy when she came back and was rooting for her. She really redemed herself.
that
yes
Damn I wish they showed us what Hibiki and Miku said to each other at the end there (I know its obvious but still) This really fell like the end of the series so they should just have gone for it.
damn these confilicting feelings. Yes this was a great end to the series but I dont want to say goodbye...
Yeah its the end of the series why didnt they just go for a kiss..
its like nanofate all over agian
yeah and the didnt show it..
amalgam ins't nearly as cool as ignite...
ah been a while since I saw axz
AH I almost forget my only problem with this season.. They removed ignite module the coolest form from the show... Did I miss something in axz? Why cant they use it anymore?
yeah i get you.. maybe an ova would fix that,
never
yeah i undearstand that they were going were gonna confess but why hide it just show it to us....
eh just angry because many anime do this: you have a perfect yuri pairing thats developed for all of the show and they always leave it up to imagination and never confirm it.
too bad she didnt get much focus this season
I ship Chris and Tsubasa dont kill me TsubaMaria shippers...
When I wake up tomorow there's definetly gonna be a new season of symphogear anounced.
😄
being a working adult does not gurantee you have money
yeah but all the characters apreared there so it does not really count
they also had fine in the opening and she never apeared
Damn I'd give up a limb to live in italy..
probably your not picking the cheapest option
minimum wage here is: 400 euros and prices are stupid high. Rent in cheapest appartment cost 100 euro/month.
example?
Lithuania... :/
belgium is nice. Im from litterally the worst country in europe..
adult life sucks trust me. Be happy while you're a kid
I live with my parents too but they wont take money from me and I feel really guilty
english is not my first language sorry also im drunk right now
what about living expences>?
speaking from expierence
dont remind me of gx please.,.
its good enough they love each other.
yeah i get you.. they should have just go for it..
eh its good enough could have been worse
it was allright.,
gx is the worst
not g
oh wait its gx
it the worst season of the show for me
rip her parents
fixed it
thank you
I ship chris x tsubasa personally but thats just me
revue starlight is good too...
damn guys im loosing my grip now anc probably wont be able to respong anymore, goodluck with your lives everyone i hope you suceed in every way.\
like drinking is my only option now...
nah man i've literaly out of yuri manga or anime
like i cant even find a new anime to wathccs
not much i mean i wateched all of yuri anime by now  and there's nothing left
i watch only yuri shows now
heres me mal if anoy1 is interested
https://myanimelist.net/profile/DarK-LaW
even right now im drunk as fuck Im  finishing a litter of whiskey right now
im just sick of it you know.. my highest degree is highchool.. I live in the shitiest country in europe gaining 650 euro a month in a job that I hate.. living with my parents.. on the weeekends I only drink and watch anime. I have no friends or enemies im just sick of it.
should i kill  myselff or not wote in the coments belllow
hey guys do any of you know what its like to struggle with suicidal thoughs and got any tips how to deal with it?
Yeah Its getting harder and harder to find anime to watch but I really cant enjoy anime without yuri anymore
Yeah I only watch anime with atleast some yuri in it.
These shows look great. Thanks for suggestions
any other shows worth checking from  summer 2019 season (with yuri) I only watched Symphogear.
