Good evening!
Enjoy your stay, we got lesbians and last action heroes.
“TOU!”
Synonymous with DEATH.
But Chris is rocking THE mother hair style.
Obviously.
Oh, she’s wearing the “mother” hair style.....
<@!231025503643893770> why does the gun have Jiku-driver?
It was In Drive and W.
Ye!
I remember it from when Decade first showed up.
It was definitely in Zi-O.
Is that Toei’s personal live action quarry set?
That quarry....
https://twitter.com/irotoricotori/status/1514541616194760709?s=20&t=A4RZrPXqRusvPXqNKoRCpg
Swipe left.
I’m back to say no u
Shit, this is a self fulfilling prophecy ain’t it.
>flashback to my first day on the other Geah discord.
I’ll admit I only used the blue-ray like, once on my PS3, but it was a fucking godsend.
You’re practically letting Alice win in this debate.
I’m pretty sure this was originally about Tiddy games, not just jap games in general tho....
Ye, jumped the gun here.
Eyup, Zerona might’ve shot them self in the foot.
Legitimately trash.
>Sao games
Oh shits about to fly.
PS3 games.
Nah you right.
....
And a lot of these are pretty fucking beloved.
Lots of weeb PS4 games.
PS4 games.
You screwed then.
Shit.
FUCKIN’.
True, we are oppressed.
“Ps3 has no games” - Xbox 360 owners back in 2008.
Maximum min/max right there.
Ironically Charisma was my dump stat, always my highest skill in every Fallout game.
Nah I was actually trying to figure out how to reword that, had no forethought that would come off as mean, sorry.
Essentially equal means we’re both human beings, unfortunately I’m an absolute neet with zero social skills, you’re automatically better of than me.
Literally couldn’t give a fuck, as long as you don’t act like a dick we’re essentially equals.
Evening.
Jesus there’s a lot of trans people here.
But come on.
I get it, don’t judge books by their covers.
Bull, Projared always looked like a creeper.
He went up, then down.
He went past it.
No.
Get it?
So he technically reached 1 mil twice.
<@284624539743289345> he did, he originally had over 1 million subs, then once all of this started he started losing subs and went past 1 million 2 days ago.
genius.
“Only youtuber to hit 1 mil twice.”
I love that joke tho.
Never watched his vids, never cared for his content but i just felt like this stuff was up his alley.
It’s just I don’t feel too surprised by it.
More surprised the show’s still going.
I’ll be taking that link...
....
I feel you
It did well enough, It might, most isekai have been getting season 2's, besides shit gets more actiony as we go now
Good news, massive kumoko spoilers don't read ||from here on out she barely talks unless she's drunk and we won't be seeing her much after season 2||
They had their own ultimate coordinator who was a failed product and wanted to kill Kira to prove he was better than him, by the end he gets taught that it doesn't matter and he'd be better just moving on with his life.
Nah astray was able to salvage it for a story
Mercury hasn't been used in Gundam before, Jupiter gets used a ton, Mars is practically mentioned in every gundam at least once, etc.
Witch of mercury is probably the Gundam 8 project Ippei gyoubu is working on, so it'll be the next AU
It's not
Is fine
He's getting payed for it
