Hello <:MariaConfident:336657338729627658>
and yes, this is for the phone, and free apps are more for me. i'm broke lol
(medibang tutorials are mostly on youtube compared to the others)
I usually use Medibang for it but there isn't a lot of tutorials there
Btw wanna ask, is there any digital drawing apps other than procreate that uh, free, and has features that's as good as Medibang Paint? also in digital art, I'm a finger user on my phone

just curious, bc i wanna consider what digital drawing apps other than procreate that is also as good as Medibang Paint. Procreate isn't on Android and that is unfortunate
tbh about this video, ive done trying to use some symphogear songs:
1. Rainbow Flower
2. Zettou Ame No Habakiri
3. Mayumi Ichaival (S1 Chris character song)
4. Cutting Edge x2 Ready go!
5. Edgeworks of Goddess Zababa

 only im not sure to post here bc im not sure if its spamming
I put Radiant Force over an Amphibia punching scene

P.S. I dont even watch the show but this scene bring me Radiant force vibes
um im asking about the ping thing xD
Where?
(also ye the ping thing for me isnt that mandatory. i only need some wholesome symphogear content, thats it)
uh idk if yall allow to ping ppl whenever theres art posted, but feel free to ping me in Maria, Tsubasa, Kanade, Chris, Shirabe and Hibiki art :0

Lately i feel uncomfy bc of weird stuff happened so ocassionally i need cute stuff (p.s. only in the sfw one)
what anime is that? a vtuber too?
Also if yall have wholesome symphogear content just pm me here! idk how the stuff on mega works, really <@161155855524298752> <@195044406343106560>
Also forgot to add that Tomoe Gozen is also a historical figure xD
whos the one with kaltsit?
Tomoe Udagawa (Bandori, she has same VA as <:MariaSmile:688836869550768233> )

and Tomoe Gozen from FGO
Afraid that I could confuse them with the other 2 tomoe characters lol
Also whos the full name of the Tomoe vtuber?
her tail looks foxlike to me
Foxgirl :3
or something, dunno
idk that VTuber could be a yuri series lol
of those 2 characters
Oh, the name?
Visual Novel?
Anime title?
https://love-live.fandom.com/wiki/Love_Live!_School_idol_festival_~after_school_ACTIVITY~

Oh SIFAC is also in PS4
its on PC and arcade
theres also a Love Live game named SIFAC i think
her hairstyle looks like it so yeah i thought its Fu Hua
Fu Hua?
Love Live also has SIF and SIFAS i think
Eli's VA is also Yoshino Nanjo lol
I cant distinguish Samus Aran and Ayase Eli aside from the outfit
I havent watched anime for like 2 months lol
eh idk if Metroid got an anime like Love Live is
Except, idk who's Samus Aran's VA is. if her VA's Yoshino Nanjo I'm not surprised lol
they look exactly the same for me
Also I cant distinguish Samus Aran and Love Live's Ayase Eli
the ones i mostly get are from ingram, dengungnir, hb_sym, and the ones that draw Tsubamari in traditional art
ye, im afraid they will get offended, but bc of that blocking for no reason, i barely got symphogear stuff
idk should i mention their tumblr name but im afraid if that person were on this discord lol
unironically that person is also a symphogear fan
That happened for like a month ago, unironically they say "message me if u like Symphogear", I did it but they blocked me for no clear reason
its just weird
Also idk why they blocked me despite i only messaged that person with "Hi" and thats it lol
actually the reason why i sometimes want to get pinged in Symphogear art is one:

A person who posts symphogear everytime on tumblr blocked me for no reason and that doesnt make sense. Usually when someone posts ~~disgusting or disturbing~~ stuff on my feed i never hesitate to block or report (i only report when its clearly violate the rules) i have to find a coping mechanism for it, one of them is finding some Symphogear content that are mostly wholesome and cute. but since that person blocked me (despite i never posts stuff, only posts to block ~~disturbing accs~~) i cant seem to find a way to cope with my discomfort that will make me feel better
^yep that, but when i scrolled up a bit i saw some OCs and Genshin which is pretty understandable
(yep i scrolled up and sometimes there are snippets of OCs and Genshin content. I dont like Genshin tho but its understandable )
bc there are some non-symphogear stuff here
ah only the symphogear ones
bc i lowkey want to get pinged but i am unfamiliar with some members here
thats what i'm asking lmao
oh in the pinned post theres no spreadsheet or list for ping for images or something
the other one when kanade and maria crossed gungnirs i havent found the artist using ascii2d
Oh?
https://www.pixiv.net/artworks/80579265
lemme reverse search if i found any lol

havent searched the artist yet though
Found some Kanamaria art
i thought they detect all image formats
Thanks for informing me about the art bot <:KanadeWink:690470895608791040>
Oh :0
aka the links
um why the bot doesnt detect stuff i posted?
wat anime?
<@735757788331900931>
welp despite that Maria is personally a literal abomination she still cute lol

I also follow the artist
same
dunno what anime is that tho :0
Another foxxo
I lowkey wanna play ACPC but that game isnt even on both Qooapp and Playstore
same with Fire Emblem (aka GBF 2.0, The graphics look similar), and Animal Crossing Pocket Camp
Idk why despite FGO has an English server, the english server isnt accessible worldwide
Oh, Artoria has another form :0
it cant be downloaded on qooapp
bc i cant play FGO
I'm still asking for the character name lol
and fgo unironically despite theres an english server, its not available in a lot of countries like Indonesia
i mean, the app is on qooapp, but it cant be downloaded there.
idk why that happened
i never played fgo since it cant be accessed on qooapp anymore
character name?
imma ask in another chat bc theres something which i searched isnt on google hmm
oh, i see :0
oh? i thought it was restricted to png xD
Look at this floof loafs <:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
Ah, thats how it works
Oh? I copied that in Chrome so yeah
same lol
Red riding hood another version
i wanna rub her belly xD
i love mamacat in this costume more lol
ok :0 thank
uh this one is sfw right?
ah, idk a lot about that one! never played project sekai though
Nene is voiced by Machico (shes the seiyuu of Tsubasa Ibuki in Im@s million live, she also sang the openings for Konosuba and Tropical Rouge Precure)
Emu is voiced by Hina Kino (yall know her from the Asobi Asobase or Seton Gakuen anime)
feat the Crypton Vocaloids iirc
most Project sekai charas use underrated seiyuus
nah
IT'S ACTUALLY FROM ANOTHER GAME I DONT EVEN PLAY


Project Sekai to be exact
(the cream haired is Nene, the pink haired is Emu). But i dont know a lot about the game
Also I connected the dots
Claudine has the different VA with PMMM's Homura
IDK what pink haired chara is voiced by Aoi Yuki? aside from Krul Tepes
since i havent played bandori for like a month
Ok since this case is so rare... lemme ask it in revstar and Bandori server
In the saucenao bot it says Pop team epic???
maybe its a crossover between Claudine Starira + Aya Bandori
imma ping the saucenao bot on twitter
Nothing on saucenao either
Is this Claudine Revstar and Aya Bandori or what?
https://luciferofthesouthpole.tumblr.com/post/181990575577
and its Kanade and Maria
^its actually a gif tbh
https://luciferofthesouthpole.tumblr.com/post/183019302192

there they go
oh xD

I mostly appreciate their artwork in the discord dms. Mostly of their animal Kanatsubamari fanart
I often interact with Lucifersouthpole here, and sometimes take a look on their tumblr/twitter
Also idk is it ok to share the pict that is done by an artist, but the artist is in here?
and Lucifersouthpole's too

Coaco also have a tumblr named coaco-rh
bc i tend to see their art on Tumblr lol
ye
DLartistanon also has a twitter. iirc it's @DLAnon
the artist says not to repost their art without permission though
It's dlartistanon on tumblr
IK whos the artist for this one!
yep, when it comes to fanartists that are also on tumblr, DLAnon, ahjinny, coaco-rh, and them are my personal faves
also the 2nd row on the right, probably its Makima and nightingale together (?)
also ye Makima has a darker pink hair color compared to nightingale(?) i saw some fanarts of her too
I also know the actual myths of Shuten and Tamamo thanks to FGO

In Japan itself, Shuten Doji and Tamamo no Mae are 2 of the top 3 most evil Yokais in Japan. the other one is Emperor Sutoku
yep, despite shes based of a medical-related historical figure lol
i dont even read chainsawman but im curious, feel free to dm xD
I know a bit about her though xD and some Japanese myths I know by FGO lore
3_skip

oh, so its probably the opposite
I dont even play FGO, but Nightingale is based by a historical figure named Florence Nightingale, who is the founder of modern nursing
trust me that character look like Nightingale from FGO and i cant unsee
i only know chainsawman bc there are rumors that the anime is going to air in summer 2021?
I dont even know what is chainsawman
Nightingale (FGO) have pink hair
Oh, i thought it was Nightingale, they have same hairstyle. idk what colour is Makima's hair tho
since she looks like Nightingale from FGO
i doubt FGO
idk what animu is that
uh is this an OC? she looks like Florence Nightingale in FGO

3_skip

yep, theyre gay disasters xD
blushes
the birb
Last one for now bc this is wholesome

https://luciferofthesouthpole.tumblr.com/post/174830796047
https://luciferofthesouthpole.tumblr.com/post/176610115452
3_skip
if Kanade isnt ded She WOULD DO THIS
3_skip

the tags lmao
https://luciferofthesouthpole.tumblr.com/post/179064409152
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
3_skip

look at the tags
https://luciferofthesouthpole.tumblr.com/post/177914452707
:0
full image

3_skip
is there any commands for the skip thing? i forgot hmm
the dancing shuba duck is the name when i looked that up
ah, i prefer her short hair one too bc that duck gif meme is iconic
rooster :3
Bc I often saw her in short hair version on that duck gif lmao
OH THAT ONE HOLOLIVE IN THAT DUCK GIF THINGY
I mostly follow the Indonesian ones (aka Hololive ID). JP ones are mostly Mio, Fubuki, idk who else
EN ones I follow Kiara, Mori and *Gawr Gura Voice* A
Ah, which one? I dont really know her, she looks like MC from a slice of life anime hm
3_skip

damn, Black gungnir cosplay I only get this one on Worldcosplay
what anime?
3_skip

My rooster xD
edit: done lmao, i asked on bandori discord server, its from imas. so it isnt rinko at all despite the similar appearance
idk about kanji so feel free to message me if yall know about kanji since its my main weakness when learning Japanese <:SerenaDizzy:736605371912945736>
.3 skip
same bangs and eyes, only different eye style

this is Rinko Bandori
Original artist (?) is this:
https://honeycaat.tumblr.com/post/657895107252649984

I havent opened my Bang Dream for like 2 months but im p sure its Rinko
from Bang Dream
She definitely looks like Rinko
F
idk what anime but maybe Bang Dream?
(the tail of a horse and wolf look the same in most kemonomimi artworks, so i often couldnt tell em apart)
welp, the ears look more foxlike to me, i sometimes couldnt distinguish the species. its like pointed ears, so thats why i see it more like a canine species
trust me i still cant distinguish the ears and tail between those 3 animals
oh i thought it was fox-wolf hybrid
basically its kemonomimi only idk the species
eh if its not wolf, a fox? the ears look more foxlike but the tail is wolflike
A wolf (?) Chris?

I havent found the sauce of it tho
oh yea there are no ear tufts, usually some animals like in dog and cat family have ear tufts (the fur on the insides of the ears). only the tail i cant tell them apart between horse, wolf and fox
Forgot to add, the artist is Hina_Yukitsuba on twitter
<:ChrisShock:620077681484103680>
angery snom indeed
FINALLY I FOUND THE ARTIST OF THE SNOM YUKINE
yeah, of course. i have apologized properly but still my ex-symphogear mutuals are like not accepting the apology. trying to move on is hard, though.
yep, i couldnt word things well u_u)
I see. thanks about the feedback!
This is why I'm trying to talk, but i feel unable to word things correctly.
There are past experiences that made me hate yaoi content as a whole (aka, fictional male-male pairings that are about to do questionable stuff in existence).
This is the problem I've been experiencing.
even the fujoshis claim that I'm homophobic bc i hate yaoi (wtf?)

However I have ever read a discussion saying that yaoi is one of the terrible potrayal of gays in the LGBT community

So i dunno what to do now. Basically I made an opinion that i hate yaoi in general, and for irl relationships... it depends (as long as they dont cross the line like abusive, sexual harassment etc). Because of speaking about sexual harassment, I literally get forced by the fujoshis to like it.
Oh and due to a lot of things happened in the past few weeks (i got blocked by some Symphogear community just bc I'm uncomfy with  yaoi content), plus i got harshly forced by the fujoshis on the internet to see yaoi.

I haven't got proper ways to brighten my mood yet. I'm entitled to my own opinion but yeah, ppl on twitter can be toxic at times. 

Plus my family is against going to a therapist, so i dunno what to do now. I have said sorry just bc of my opinion, but ppl don't respect it, assuming that I'm homophobic
Well can I talk about the problem here since a lot of ppl have made negative assumptions about me lately and they dont want to help.
Yeah
English is my 2nd language so bare with me
I have stated an apology, even though a lot of em don't accept it either way
^Yeah,  that. I also am horrible at wording things, I initially doesnt mean to judge all of them u_u)
Indonesia
Because there used to be a gif about 2 gay men rubbing each other's butts and even opening each other's underwear, idk whether its consentual or not bc it isn't mentioned in the tags, but on my sex ed, rubbing each other's butts (especially in public) are considered sexual harassment, thats why i think that way.

P.S. Indonesia is a conservative country which Homosexuality isn't widely accepted
YEP THAT

and Cultural differences.
too bad its deleted, or i dont really remember the link :'
I also used to read forums, a gay person said that yaoi is one of the horrible potrayals of gay men
they're still adoptive brothers tho!
also despite i like yuri i blocked Citrus accs bc the ship is pseudo-incest
the incest one is mostly osomatsu and Kaeya/Diluc from Genshin
(the pedo ships in the yaoi community that i saw at the time are mostly Black Butler/Kuroshitsuji)

Ciel was like 16 and Sebastian looks like an adult
Twitter muting system also sucks
also unlike other social media Insta cannot filter up tags like wtf
as for fictional I'm just uncomfy bc of a thing that happened in the past (ppl said I misuse the term "trauma" but I'm not that sure?)

Basically when I was like 15 I'm trying to be out of the box by drawing male characters. I even liked some of the references because they're useful. The refs are just the characters being alone, without any significant other. Later on my social media recommendations are filled with so-called "yaoi" accounts and they bombarded my recommendation like crazy. Without commenting a single thing, I blocked them, but they are still popping out everywhere. i even see those "yaoi" accs ship (mostly, not all of em) incest and pedophilia, a lot of them are overly sexual accounts that isn't my liking; plus there are the toxic types that don't accept reality, and being straightphobic. 

Bc of this I regretted my choice for being out of the box and felt uncomfy with them. Until now, I'm trying to find refs of solo male characters, but it's pretty hard.
(in irl)
yeah, i dont hate gay men either honestly
I'm selective af in yuri tbh, despite my liking for it
I also respect ppl who are part of LGBT community, it's their own choice, not mine. Only the cultural differences about this sexual harassment thing that made me struggle a lot.
the last case (the shippers made a terrible impression/rep)...

Basically, if I ship a rareship that isn't problematic, but also isn't everyone's liking... There are some toxic people that threaten me to take my own life. it happened a long time ago though.
I'm fine with straight too as long as no problematic stuff involved
Despite i like yuri, i unironically have some discomfort yuri pairings

either incestuous, pedo, or even some of the shippers made a terrible impression with me.
yeah, that is! bc of cultural differences and povs i think

as for fictional ship stuff its basically just weird insta algorithm so i wont be talking a lot about it.
a rarepair/pairing that dont have enough content
(the different ship taste problem is another anime tho. not Symphogear. in Symphogear I ship 3 rareships and I kept them to myself and ppl i completely trust in)

PS. My fav rareships are KanaTsubaMari, KanaMaria, KiriBikki
(basically i love a certain rareship that have like a year of age gap, but some popular shippers threaten me to end my own life just bc being different)
p.s. the "different opinion" in this context is different ship taste
I know i like yuri but I had to stray away from the problematic side of it

mostly incest and pedo. I have ever seen problematic yuri accs on ig.

Way before that incident, on ig there are some ppl send me death threats just bc of having different opinion

so yeah
yea, i understand now. sadly the ppl who posted those gifs didnt mention whether it was consensual or not, and yea in my country, going rubbing each other's butts in public are considered sexual harassment ._.)
doing those stuff to each other! :0
also about the rubbing butt gif, they were shirtless and/or almost naked

so yea thats why i found it "questionable"
however sometimes ppl in my country violate the law and the laws here are like... barely ppl care about them

so yeah
I have never get involved in a sexual harassment before but i have ever read some articles about it
i'm an Indonesian so yeah
bc i learned sex ed in my country, and one of the examples of sexual harassment are like rubbing each other's sensitive parts (breasts, butts, thighs) especially in public
idk whether the gif that was on my recommended is consensual or nah at that time (it isnt even mentioned in the tags), and i immediately hide that post 

thats why im very confused
however idk in other cultures, what is considered sexual harassment and what isn't.
thats why i said it depends, as long as they don't "cross the line". idk in other cultures, but in Indonesia which is a conservative country, rubbing each others butts is considered a sexual harassment
bc i have ever got something on my tumblr recommended about irl gay men doing questionable stuff, like rubbing each other's butts and opening each other's underwear. in Indonesia, rubbing each other's butts (especially in public!) are considered sexual harassment
Customarily, Slavs are subdivided into East Slavs (chiefly Russians, Ukrainians, and Belarusians), West Slavs (chiefly Poles, Czechs, Slovaks, and Wends, or Sorbs), and South Slavs (chiefly Serbs, Croats, Bosnians, Slovenes, Macedonians, and Montenegrins). Bulgarians, though of mixed origin like the Hungarians, speak a Slavic language and are often designated as South Slavs.

(sc from Britannica)
Mamacat is technically a Slav (I did a quick research that Ukrainians, Russians, and Bulgarians are called Slavs)
(bc there aren't any cases in Indonesia about these stuff ffs, and yeah)
maybe bc of this thats why ppl say that Cultural Appropriation is like an American thing? A friend told me that, like several days ago, and a lot of social media is US-centric (?)

indonesia doesn't have cases like that. We feel valid and appreciated when someone wear our traditional clothes (mostly batik)
i use an inari shrine on one of them ._.
i create one but i'm scared to post it bc of that "my culture isn't your aesthetic" thing
since I made Kitsune!Kanade was a disciple of a shrine maiden at an Inari shrine, it makes sense to this story, but this post really made me upset for blocking creative freedom
^this thing about the shinto shrine is my problem for creating the moodboards thing

edit: the link of the post made by a gatekeeper again is here

https://p3rona.tumblr.com/post/646028048856203264/ok-so-this-has-been-bothering-me-for-like-the
birthplace wise I'm indonesian, but ethnical-wise I'm mixed (half-Indonesian + Half-Chinese) btw
however in my KanaTsubaMari fanfic, there's a setting of a Japanese Shinto Shrine (Inari shrine to be specific, this is crucial for Kanade's backstory and duties in my AU) and idk should I cancel it or not, i love the idea but this "my culture isn't your aesthetic" thing is like... blocks me from creating content related to other asian countries
Just wanna ask another question here, am I the only one who don't understand the term "my culture isn't your aesthetic" thing?

I'm Indonesian (but not Japanese), and trying to make a moodboard thingy, but I stumble upon posts like this everytime
(At least theres a separate NSFW channel here for the art section. I'm an adult but dont like NSFW.)
Thats why i have to clarify this as well
Ah, I get it now, I'm an aroace person so I don't know a lot what intimacy is, thats why i dunno whats the difference between intimacy and harassment at first. ^^"
about yuri stuff i mostly am selective since the citrus accs flooded on my insta back then

about yuri i dont like incest, pedo, my own discomfort ships, and ships whose shippers brought a terrible rep/impression to me personally. 

in another anime community ive ever got death threats bc of liking a rareship.
Its ok though! i respect you all here
(also its almost 4 am in my place. gotta sleep. sadly i'm one of those who don't understand that context of "my culture isn't your aesthetic" thing)
^yep that
F. in Indonesia theres a total of 1.6 million covid cases rn
Ah, i get this now. I want to do further research about that (Shrine maidens, shinto shrines, Inari shrines, and a lot more)
(Also why i choose Inari is, in Japanese folklore/mythology, the Shinto goddess Inari (Inari okami) is often symbolizes with kitsune/foxes)
Kanade and Maria are a kitsune and werewolf in my AU respectively btw! as about the Shinto shrine, Kanade was formerly a disciple/student of shrine maiden (Edit: her master passed away, but Kanade still doing her responsibilities to take care of the shrine)

and I lowkey wanna do more research about shrine maiden, Shintoism and Inari shrines. I'm not Japanese nor having shinto as my religion lmao
(idk how moodboards work but this is the moodboard i made. top center is an Inari shrine so yeah)

fortunately i don't post this on other social media bc of that post on tumblr and i'm scared
and on the cursed Childcat she's like a preteen girl
yeah, i hate the card, but since i got the card from a literal game... i'm questioning my life choices. i love Mamacat but I have my own boundaries like not being a pedo
bc of i get her of a gacha, im questioning whether i'm a pedo or nah
But she's like 9 years old in her Childcat card? i dunno
Even other ppl spread false rumors about my past problem despite I already apologized

Fortunately I explained this several days ago here, and I'm truly sorry.
The reason why i hate myself is no matter i try to express my opinion, i got bullied and even forced by ppl

just bc of that homophobic accuse on twitter made me scared to speak up ever again, but actually i respect lgbt+ ppl ._.
Maria is one of my favorites bc of the seiyuu herself! However since I'm at G in the series (season 2), I'm more used to see her in the anime compared to that one cursed card in the game itself...
bc in fact I hate that cursed Childcat more that I hate myself
I just prefer the normal Maria aka Mamacat. She basically has the same age as mine, but bc i got that card in XDU I'm... questioning my life choices
Childcat is this cursed card btw
I'm talking about childcat in XDU. bc actually, I'm 21 and I DONT WANT to be called a pedo ._.
Ik this is something dumb but

if my fav character turned into a child, does it mean i technically attracted to a minor?

not only that word but the korean word "naega/niga", Japanese "nigeru/nigero", and Chinese "nei ge/na ge"
^yep its a single sound in indonesian too
Just wanna put this here bc I'm an Indonesian myself

theres a drama with western monolinguals with Indonesians on Twitter
Yea, i also asked that in xdu-discussion chat bc its off putting here
and does she managed to transform back into normal?
Also about the Childcat thing I'm asking more about it in the xdu-discussion  chat because of... the event hasnt got translated by Yametetomete

because i dunno why Mamacat turned into a Childcat there.
also thanks for clearing this up! bc of that childcat i feel like i'm questioning myself
yea
so they're against going to those stuff

heck
also about against going to therapists, theres a moment when i cannot refresh myself and my family is still having this close mindset about mental illness
its kinda understandable bc i'm at G when watching the series
same reason, its cursed bc i'm not getting used to seeing it either way
Easier said than done. In fact, my family is AGAINST it.
fortunately the account is now suspended
i used to get followed by a literal pedo on twitter
ah
because i have ever got a terrible experience with pedos, and i feel like i'm emotionally unstable too
also that term i recently heard it, idk a lot about aesthetics

also since tumblr is mostly a bad place too so
yeah
so dark academia is a bit different with gothic-lolita and stuff like that huh :^)
Ah, i see
idk what a dark academia is. even after looking that up i'm still confused what that means.
My question is "What is a dark academia?"
where to ask something that isnt symphogear related? i'm concerned about something that i dont understand, even after searching it on google. ppl in general chat doesnt want to help me either.
Er idk if this is oot but
ah
also thanks for the feedback. I finally got y'alls point now.
the "Symphogear Daily reminders" one
thats why i am barely active on twitter aside from managing my side Symphogear account
also Indonesia is quite conservative as well since majority of the ppl here are muslims
yea ._.
also I'm an aroace so i dunno that groping butts can be a sign of intimacy too ._.

in public, groping sensitive parts like butts and breasts is considered sexual harassment here. however the law in Indonesia isn't strict and the ppl who do the sexual harassment mostly get away with it
or fanartists that dont post my discomfort
so i decided to follow ppl that is more trust-able
but it now deleted bc of the toxicity of toxic ppl
I wrote a post that I dont like yaoi or fictional mlm ships

I said as for irl it depends (bc there are stuff used to recommended for me from nsfw accounts about irl ppl groping each other's butts and opening each other's underwear, and in my culture groping each other's butts is considered sexual harassment. because of this, i'm accused of being a homophobe and yeah...)
I have took a break several times on Twitter bc of those ppl that force me to like yaoi and assume that I'm homophobic -_-
Literally sharing pics of anime highschoolers on swimwears (the pose isn't questionable tho)
because in fact i have been called out as a pedo for a stupid reason
Hm, for me I usually feel like... if they are ppl that i dont trust... nope. I dont want to be forced bc the internet can be a toxic place too
so that means i can still be a fan of that character? aside from the cursed card one itself ofc
Ah, I get it now

Bc I heard that term a lot in pro-shippers (shipping incest and pedo)
so yeah that confuses me
bc the term "fiction affects reality" confuses me a lot.
Ah, i see
so I can still be a Maria fan despite I STRONGLY HATE her Childcat card?
so whether i got a questionable card, i'm not automatically a creep right?
the "Fiction affects reality" confuses me a lot.
bc I'm questioning myself about it, i've seen the term "fiction affects reality" and that makes me question myself and my sanity
I hate that card, even more than I hate myself.
I'm questioning whether i got a questionable or pedo bait card... would that make me automatically a creep?
Mamacat aka Normal Maria is one of my best girls in Symphogear, mostly because her seiyuu, a well-written villain in Symphogear G, and the attitude of her. However since getting that cursed Childcat card I feel like i'm questioning myself, my sanity, and my will to live.
I'm feeling at my lowest mood right now. 

If I sell that questionable Childcat card for eternity...
I didn't deserve to be a Maria fan anymore, right? Theres a card of hers that make me concerning because of the age gap (I'm 21 and Childcat is like 9 or 10), questionable pose, and last but not least, the "Fiction affects reality" thing.

I just dont know what to do anymore. XDU gave me great luck, but since getting that cursed Childcat card, I'm questioning my life choices. Because I AM NOT a pedo.
it's ok, i'm trying to be an open minded person about LGBT+ that isn't widely accepted in my country tbh
the rapist that i mentioned this is a man that targets other men so- yeah

and ik LGBT and rapist shouldn't put together, it's very bad
positive side of LGBT btw!
also ik in Indonesia, LGBT+ stuff isn't widely accepted. There was horrible news from Indonesia about a literal rapist, a man, that raped a lot of other men in the UK. Fortunately he was imprisoned (in UK) for 30 years

ye ik LGBT+ is VERY DIFFERENT than a literal rapist. Thats why I'm trying to accept the positive side of it
also yeah, changing religions for a Catholic is very complicated! especially i have received the initiation sacrament hmm
(Because i saw a post about something offensive to me in an anti-racist tag before)

I'm a catholic btw.
Basically i have seen someone posts stuff that basically judge my religion. 

ik tumblr is shit, or the ppl post it in wrong hastags ffs

imma explain. basically someone share an acc's ig story that denies racism but they also post news about catholic religion & lgbt things (the most common is the same sex marriage issue), idk if theyre implying my religion is homophobic but, yeah...
(p.s: sensitive content reporting doesnt mean the acc is taken down, but marked as sensitive, aka the tumblr acc need confirmation to see the content inside)
also lately i'm feeling a lot more stressful tbh ._.)

There's something that I lowkey want to tell, but I'm afraid to do so. And idk whether religion discussion is allowed, but yeah...
thats why i reported those stuff and account for sensitive content
it's just weird when theres any nsfw on my recommended page + theres no tags (bc i filter out those stuff)
^yeah, sadly
yep thats one of the weird sides of tumblr itself, bc of that accusation i barely post stuff there
(I have storage issues thanks to that app, wtf)
Sorry for the lateness, Google Play services is being shitty today
they posted something nsfw WITHOUT warnings
its ironic to post nsfw on a platform that banned nsfw
i blocked it and reported that account lmao
same case with yaoi too
yea, that! idk why its on my recommendation despite i despise nsfw, both fictional & irl.
and i hate nsfw content despite i'm an adult. don't force me
maybe, but bc i am aro-ace i knew nothing about the differences between intimacy and sexual harassment ._.) 
in here (Indonesia) what's considered Physical sexual harassment is a lot. 
Like r/pe; touching sensitive areas like thighs, butts, breasts (especially in public); catcalling; and some others
It's basically a Chinese brand like the other brands like Vivo/Xiaomi/Realme but the OS is Android, yes
OPPO F5
Reddit is blocked in Indonesia for unknown reasons and I never use VPN bc if I use my VPN for a long time, this might sound crazy but... it also affects my time zone (on the phone)
there are still nsfw posts from accs that never tag them as those

smut fanfics too

heck, theres even something weird on my recommended long time ago (that acc about gay men doing questionable stuff) and due to cultural differences I got called out as homophobic bc of what the  post content is (rubbing butts, opening each other's underwear, etc)

idk whats the sexual harassment rule in the US tho
only the bad sides is those so far (there are some questionable posts on my recommended, until theres a post about blocking creative freedom bc of a dumb reason)
also fanfic refs on tumblr are weird and delusional. I'm never used to read "x reader" fics
Inari okami is also a Shinto god/kami

the only thing i use tumblr is to block offensive ppl and find anime refs
Ye
However I literally did research about Kitsune, Inari okami, the correlation, and about Inari shrines, and what's wrong with making a moodboard with a shrine setting :^) 

this is clownery
one of em is that one post that basically forbid anyone from Creative freedom 

the "My culture isn't your aesthetic" and "Stop using Shinto/Shinto shrines for your moodboard/aesthetics, and stuff like that"
Ah, thanks for the help! Because I am conflicted with those problems anyway

I'm trying to be an open minded person though
yep
In Indonesia the stigma is mostly affected towards other minorities (minority by race and religion, to be exact)
Yeah
Ah, that one
Yep, I also have ever heard of serial killers and rapists that target someone in opposite sex. So yeah sexuality doesn't really define anything
Ah, I just try to be selective. which one is the good and which is bad. I've dealt with a lot of toxic ppl as well hhh
The UK’s Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) called him "the worst-known sex offender in the country's history" for the assault or rape of as many as 195 men and for attacking “scores more” since moving to Britain as a student in 2007, AFP reports.

So yeah, it isn't implied that the one who did that is gay
https://www.thejakartapost.com/news/2020/01/07/uks-most-prolific-rapist-reynhard-sinaga-shocks-shames-indonesians-at-home-and-abroad.html

there
It isn't mention that the rapist is gay, but he only targets men

wait a sec imma find the news in reliable sites
(its Bandori fandom, not Symphogear tho.)
i have got it once
most of the issues i have with most fandoms i'm in is... a lot

but the most dangerous one is death threats bc of having a different opinion
Ah, i got it!
however i ranted that in a serious way possible
because someone jokingly called me a pedo just bc of overly worried about myself
Is it ok to be a fan of something even if I dont like my discomfort and/or the negative aspects of it?
Lately i have trouble to talk to someone hhh
thank!
Idk if this should fit with serious discussion or fancontent, but if I want to ask for creating a Symphogear OC for an AU, should I ask here or in fancontent?
i see! i just ask here to avoid further miscommunications
i'm quite new, and basically some users said that i need to wait an hour to post stuff on the fancontent chat, and sadly that rule isn't in the pinned message, so i'm asking here to avoid further miscommunications. thank you!
uhh

wanna ask about rules in this server, if i want to ask a staff to pin a message, uh.. what to do?
yep, trust me, those kind of ppl make me hate myself even more
i see, so blocking is the best choice then
I just dunno what to do if that there are those stuff exist, I even scolded them not to do that bc it degrades women in general so...
Also making another tumblr still doesn't work. I used to make a side tumblr and the ||porn/sexy accounts is still there, on my recommended.||
Hm, can I talk? I feel like I'm starting to hate myself as a young woman because there are a lot of ||pornographic and sexy accounts on my Tumblr recommended, which sexualizes real people||
I feel like I hate myself

But bc my parents are against going to a therapist

Sorry I'm very bad at wording but basically I hate myself and ||my sex because ppl out there keep sexualizing women on the internet, and they're on my recommended without any warnings on the captions and tags.||
||Also, is scolding the pornographic/sexy accounts a right choice to do?||

I'm just afraid If i got involved with that situation ever again, I have a lot of bad experiences in the past.
ah, i get the line now
I still have long hair tho, but i dont really like wearing frilly stuff etc
bc mostly tomboys are depicted with short hair and have a boyish personality
OH
some of my fav anime characters are tomboys but they mostly have long hair hm
https://silver-salmon15.tumblr.com/post/653110496289030144/long-hair-short-hair


I mean most tomboys have short hair too so idk whats the borderline between tomboy and transgender
theres a comic strip that i found which confused me a lot
I'm a tomboy btw! but ik I'm a girl (so yea, a cis, technically)
(This isn't really a sensitive issue but I wanna ask something bc I've been confused.)

Are tomboy girls HAVE to be transgenders? Or don't have to?
also thanks for the info hm
There is also similar cases about those on twitter towards other non-Korean public figures
in this case the person dying was being harassed bc of the stan thing

Damn, i have been a Kpop fan for like 11 years but seeing those disrespectful ppl makes me want to vomit hhh
The cases ive seen is they spammed with the comments like "Maybe if she/he/they stanned Loona or any other KPop Groups" along with the fancams
I'm a KPop fan but i lowkey hate what these toxic ppl do over someone's death so...
Because I've seen a terrible experience of some toxic Kpop fans, mostly Loona, and that made me want to no longer support them bc of these toxic representatives of the fandoms. They (the toxic people) even spammed fancams over someone' death (the gamer/streamer Etika, to be exact) using disrespectful comments
Just wanna ask this here bc yeah. If someone was disrespectful over someone's death, does it count as "hate speech" or "harassment and bullying"?
Ah, i see now u_u
ik this is more of a sensitive issue but why the ACAB movement exist? Are cops and police basically the same thing? I want to be educated with this bc iirc cops and police are the same thing, idk about now...
Just as for example
so KanaTsubaMari is a poly relationship?
Historically harem means this:
(in former times) the separate part of a Muslim household reserved for wives, concubines, and female servants

but i recently heard about this polyromantic sexuality, and i dont really understand what that mean
(ik Harem historically doesnt mean like someone surrounded by multiple ppl of the opposite sex, but i have to look that up)
Idk if this is a dumb question but polyromantic and harem relationships (like 1 man and lots of women or vice versa) are 2 different things, or the same?
iirc Cartoon Network twitter is the one that use that Latinx term? I barely open twitter
Indonesian doesnt really have a lot of gendered terms
Also about Latin thing... yes I've seen some twitter accs use that Latinx term and most ppl got furious in the replies saying it' latino/latina something
I don't even interrupt anyone here since my question is another thing and i dont see any ongoing convos around
I'm asking another question
I' m not even interrupting
?
Since HI3 is a game from a Chinese company and the names are mostly Chinese names
Welp, so just to make it safe I use Fu Hua then, instead of Kanade
actually its a drawing prompt so... not sure about it

yep i just use the old prompts for using refs i found hm
So I'm confused, is that ok to draw a mythical creature from another country (Kitsune) that's the equivalent of the other creature(Huli jing) but call it using the names of that other creature (Huli jing)?
As a half Chinese I also realised there are fox spirits in China too, I only know its Japanese and Korean counterparts
The character is between Symphogear character (Amou Kanade) or Honkai Impact character (Fu Hua) in the theme of "Huli Jing". Y'know Kanade has this fox-themed card in the game.

However when I do research Huli Jing is basically a Chinese equivalent of a Kitsune (Japanese fox spirit). And not much myths to know about compared to its Japanese counterpart (same with Kitsune, some Huli jing are good, others are downright evil)

So, is that ok to draw a Kitsune Kanade and call it a Huli jing bc theyre basically the same thing but different origins?
Thank you! Ive asked this question since yesterday but it' not exactly answered yet
it will contain some racial issues in it so im asking here
Uh wanna ask something bc i'm confused af with a drawing prompt
Oh, ela with just a single l


(bc i suddenly thought of estrella, but it's star in spanish)
gumiho is quite easy to distinguish bc there are 100% female and 100% outright evil
About the Kitsune and Huli Jing Issue i actually dont really kmow the differences between kitsune and huli jing aside from the origins
Oh I see! sorry for the lateness bc i've been asking about something else
If I draw a Japanese anime character as a fox and I called it as huli jing instead of Kitsune, is that ok for me to draw that since Kitsune and Huli jing are the same entity but different origin? 

P.S. This ones for drawing instead of a story
As for before I'm not realizing there was another topic going on so yeah. i truly apologize bc i'm unaware of it.
Oh hey sorry for interrupting but can I ask something?
also i havent read the ones on reddit bc reddit tend to get an error in Indonesia (the connection isn't private) thing
I only have heard scammer discord bots on some discussions in Discord support and Reddit

So far Discord havent done anything about it
Ah, never heard of that
is a scam bot
the one Dyno that gave scam giveaways, that one
^and i finally left, got banned from that and blocked the admin for eternity bc of their rudeness & childish attitude lol

this is the first time im happy to get banned from a server that obviously made me uncomfy
I called it scam bc yeah, those kind of bots are suspicious enough to give free nitro. and since i have ever got invited to a porn server bc of those bots, i blocked them

p.s. porn is one of my main triggers, i'm uncomfy with nudity NSFW in general, and the admin of that porn server dont know how to fucking read bios in the profile
For the mods pls don't invite these bots:
-Lexus
-Invite Tracker
-ProBot
-Dyno (the fake one, aka the one that messages u with free Nitro and stuff)

These are Discord scam bots btw ( imma mention here <@&336301457185832961> )

P.S. just mentioning these so that we dont get bamboozled with these scam bots tbh
also ive reported their messages
its a scammer bot so yeah, hope discord developers can look further into this
yep, but not the profiles, right? since i saw their profile theres only a block feature, not report
ive seen more scammer discord bots messaging me despite i changed my password
discord so far has no feature to report the profiles of the bots, right?
eh, just asking
yea, that is unfortunate
premium can block up to 500 tags
plus, Pixiv free users only block one tag which is a bit iffy
Mostly NSFW but there are other cases.

in Pixiv I put the NSFW filter (both R-18 and R-18 G) on all the time, but I block mostly fetish like BDSM since some of those art arent filtered out in that filter thingy
weird stuff like fetish or something, that is why i barely use it to browse on deviantArt. Like a character who in canon has normal or flat chest, but some artists buff their breasts a lot, sometimes over the top

(even some ppl call this thing as "tumor")
and ive seen some ppl say not only weird stuff in there, Deviantart is full of trolls
DeviantArt's max blocking is just 50 usernames
yep, im mostly doing that

Pinterest app is an exception bc they have rate block limit. but on Pinterest browser i'm free to block anyone as quick as possible

Sadly some apps have blocking limits like deviantArt, this is why I never use that anymore aside fron finding art templates
For example, i dont know who is Zayn and Gigi Hadid but on my ig, those posts from fake accounts are on my recommended and I was confused af
(Idk why that happened either way, despite i dont like those content in general. Algorithm in social media is weird)
Yeah
ik sexual harassment can happen either in same or opposite sex
ye i know, only the ppl who make those gifs didnt put warnings on the tags like nsfw or something
(and i dont even search for those stuff on the internet, like... weird)
ik jizz is an NSFW slang when I legit googled it
i am actually an aro-ace and yep i'm not really interested in something like that though

at that time its irl ppl, their tumblr acc was daily-jizz or something
so yeah
in Indonesia, groping butts and opening someone else's underwear in public (especially without consent) is sexual harassment
i mean, i respect gay ppl but i just dont like things that are over the top like groping butts or something, since laws in each country is different
i respect gay ppl but since sometimes the algorithm on the internet is messed up, there used to be a thing happened when tumblr legit recommend me gay ppl doing questionable stuff like groping each other's butts and opening each other's underwear. since it isn't mentioned that its consensual or nah, i thought it was sexual harassment
and they thought biological sex and gender is the same thing
some Indonesian ppl in local anime communities hate the gay lifestyle bc of that reason
About yaoi, LGBTQIA+ community, and is hating them makes someone a homophobic person

I got this on forum, and what are the differences between homophobic and opposed to homosexuality?
Btw is it credible to get some arguments/opinions in forums? Because well, for some reasons
Ah, thank you!
Yeah, especially since my reason for disliking this content is bc of a specific trauma (that I keep for myself) and weird algorithm overall

Thanks tho :0
That's why i'm personally too scared to talk with anyone
I see

(btw the bullying incident i talked about is the backlash i got after i said "i hate yaoi" and ppl (mostly from male idol anime fans) assume i'm homophobic or something so the massblock happens. wtf)
especially sometimes i need friends to talk with here because since that bullying incident on twitter, i barely message anyone
ah, i see
i mean, i dont have an illness before because i barely get out since the pandemic. thats why i assume meeting ppl is hard
yeah, but they also being rude despite im perfectly fine
I only tell them that I'm perfectly fine
Only just recently and after that they got angry and I cant message them anymore
Yeah, telling about my problems but they get angry despite i tried my best to tell whats happening
(Mostly, language barrier)
I'm trying to explain but due to I cant word things, they said that
Yep
That is the problem I got recently when I try finding someone to chat or get along with

Some people assume like they know everything
It's ok if I can take a break on any social media but, i recently got that from someone, like forcing me to take meds despite I'm totally fine?
I don't even know what to do, Are they acting like they know everything about my health condition or...
(I won't mention the name of the person to keep the reputation here safe)
Someone assume me I am sick despite I'm perfectly fine?
Uh
Also idk if I had to talk about this but
ive blocked the person who posted it though
as usual

weird af algorithm
i know stuff about mythology (its one of my main interests), but i dont even play the game so... idk why its on my recommended
theres something i want to ask but its nsfw-ish 

uhh this is about the Hades game but does Aphrodite in the game is always naked? i just feel very uncomfy lately and cant sleep bc of seeing those kind of fanart.
p.s. i dont play the game bc im pretty sure my laptop doesnt have the right specs to play that
uh does nsfw-ish questions belong here or-
oh
have a good break!
<:HibikiWow:738172615453048912>
uh just asking whats Activision Blizzard Walkout? i have seen some posts about it but i cant understand why
im people too lol (aroace person here)
Thank
Uh, I've been questioning my sanity rn.
Does being uncomfy with NSFW (especially sex scenes) in a certain Yuri manga/doujinshi makes me a lesbophobic?

i love yuri as long as its not incest, pedo, weird or constant appearance of sex stuff. That
eh nvm
Crunchyroll got an error lately
OH

nvm
I got the solution now
i can login, but i can't even verify my email?
its hard to tell em apart
Oh i thought she is Fu Hua lmao

(Theres a Fu Hua skin that has that hairstyle and red eyes too so-)
This is Fu Hua from Honkai impact or nah? Found this on Pinterest
wanna ask
mostly ppl repost art whose the own artist had marked with do not repost
ye
yep, it is unreadable on the beginning part, i only read "TY CROWN"
She's my 2nd best HI3 girl
i dont know about that anime, so i thought it was Fu Hua fanart or something :^)
Fu Hua is from Honkai impact :3c she has the same Japanese VA as Kanade from Symphogear.
I have Phoenix Fu Hua (yep, the only Fu Hua skin that has white hair)
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
<:MariaWhat:672245553920344080>
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
I have a lot of personal problems (not bc of anime), ||but seeing something that made me uncomfy on recommended||
I ACTUALLY DONT KNOW BC I HAVENT WATCHED SYMPHOGEAR "THAT" FAR YET
OH THATS HER NAME?
it's like that one unknown character in XDU (iirc she is a part of noble red and she has black skin), i haven't watched that far but i dont like her skill

ik this goes to symphogear discussion but oh well
My sis used to watch the anime but the *ahem* ||boob missile thing|| is unsettling for me to see
and theres the magical girl element there, only the outfits in Vividred aren't like mechanic unlike that anime and Symphogear

also the MC's transformed form in the twintail anime iirc is a... femboi :^)
Oh Vividred's blue haired dudette isnt twintailed
Vividred Operation has the similar vibes as Symphogear i guess?
idk i found on pinterest
Without the various headphone shapes and singing while fighting, obviously (?)
this anime has symphogear vibes but what anime is it, and is it as good as Symphogear?
uh wanna ask something
Ye It kinda annoys me bc i'm searching Yuri as in lesbian term, not a yaoi
Yuri/GL Anime that I have:
-Symphogear
-Yagate Kimi ni Naru
-Revue Starlight (maybe?)
-Adachi & Shimamura
-Inugami san to Nekoyama san
-Konohana Kitan
Recommend me some wholesome Yuri anime:

NO INCEST, PEDOPHILIA, ETC (Esp Citrus)
NO THE ABOMINATION ANIME (Yuri on Ice, Imo it isn't a Yuri bc of the genre but whenever i search YURI anime as in Girls love, that abomination still appears)
Uhhh
and Azur Lane Bisoku Zenshin
I also wanna watch Uma Musume bc some ppl recommend me that
(but im p sure this topic is more towards symphogear discussion so yea, thats it)
Thank :0

(Hm, I wanna continue watching Symphogear again, especially for more Black Gungnir Mamacat and Spaghetti Chris, but I sometimes get dizzy these days)
Hm

Also another topic I wanna ask (since my phone sometimes freeze unexpectedly)

Is there any seiyuus of the Symphogear franchise that also voices the characters in Fire Force/Enen no Shouboutai? There are some off topic posts in one of the Symphogear groups I'm in, and I often help the mods regulate OOT stuff there
Sure thing :0
Naruto is the most common example I often got. Even i used to see those kind of ppl wanna sue the author

But bc its a very old thing, I deleted my old IG acc to stop seeing those stuff ever again
aka not accepting the canon ships
(sadly ive seen a lot of fujoshis aka fans of yaoi/hardcore BL that are straightphobic tbh)
(They even called me offensive stuff/slurs but I wont explain it more bc I've talked about it way earlier in the serious-discussion chat)
^Oh yea

I only have a terrible experience when some Yuri on Ice fans tried to force me to watch that anime which I clearly state that I dont like Yaoi (Specifically, on Twitter.)

y'all opinions here are valid tho
As long as not showing the private parts explicitly it's fine
Oh idk if Assault Lily is a yuri or nah but lemme see
thats big brain move lmao
Also a friend of mine made a joke about "Yaoi on Fire" lmao

when the anime title is Yaoi but the genre is Yuri :^)
I got the point
Ah yea
I only like yuri as in girls love, but I'm quite selective about it

I just dont like yaoi anime bc of a "Vietnam Flashback" on the internet, the toxicity of fujoshis, and how ppl force me to like something I'm traumatized of
Oh, I recently know that :0
I only remember that xD
Aside from Lesbian genre, iirc Yuri is also Japanese for Lily
Oh :0
Yea algorithms are weird tbh
Ah
I'm one of em sadly
^yep but some ppl say Yuri on Ice misuse the term Yuri bc they're more familiar with "yuri" as in "Girls' Love".
idk why Google algorithm is weird whenever i search for yuri anime, i'm asking about girls love lmao. not a yaoi anime whose the entire Twitter fandom had been forcing me to watch stuff i despise for like 6 years straight.
(Yuri as a genre, btw)
bc Yuri is more widely used in GL/Girls Love
ye but the misused title kinda annoys me
Fun fact: the game "Revue Starlight ReLive" is even called as Lesbian Fight in my country lmao

bc lot of the fanarts are lesbians xD

aside from "Lesbian fight", some called the game as "stress inducing game" mostly bc of the PvP ranks and Gacha Rates
:0
(There is some on Twitter, sadly. ||They even accuse me of being a homophobic just bc my hatred of it||)
(i dont wanna tell more about it bc it would be straying away from the chat topic, but it was  horrible.)
Yep i hate Yuri On ice bc not only I hate yaoi anime in general... the fandom forced me to watch it despite my hatred for those kind of animes
^besides the term Yuri is mostly used for girls love tho
(I use Yuri anime on Google but one of the results is that so-)
Senran Kagura is basically an anime/game about battle of the female shinobi (despite their transformed forms... doesnt really reflect the shinobi aspect lmao) against another female shinobi

I used to play Shinovi and Estival from 2017 until late 2019 bc of the hack and slash aspect in those 2 games hm
(ik this is NSFWish bc i'm questioning about an ecchi-borderline H anime)
but does every anime that has transformations can count as magical girl?

I'm talking about Senran Kagura btw, it's my guilty pleasure. Shinovi Versus, Estival Versus and New Link were my fav games but after S2 of the anime released I dropped bc of the borderline-H thing happened in the anime a lot of times
lmao xD
ye

and the transformation outfit of the girls arent a traditional shinobi clothing
at that time i only played SK Bon Appetit, Shinovi Vs, Estival Vs and New Link
also my best girls in Senran Kagura were Homura, Ryoubi and Yumi
maybe SK is thematic radical - aesthetic neutral 
bc shinobi is their main theme, i only played like 3-4 of SK games but i quit due to several reasons lmao

Yep SK New Link did better with the Fubuki story. Sadly i quit playing in late 2019 due to the VPN issue hhh
Senran Kagura was my guilty pleasure due to the anime shows something that made me uncomfy, however some of the hack n slash games are fun to play xD
oh i think purist is someone that is uncomfy with NSFW, thanks for the education
Senran Kagura games doesnt show the private parts explicitly (unless modded) but the anime especially S2... it did show those things

but both the anime and game has transformation scenes so... yeah. like the characters are magical transforming shinobi
idk whats a purist mean?
same
the games are fine but ye the anime especially season 2 is borderline-h
Does any anime that has character transformation scene (like other magical girl shows do) can be categorized as a magical girl no matter what genre is that? especially borderline-H
theres something that i am confused about
welp im still asking here and i'm confused lol
in 3ds ones iirc its side scrolling i think?
its just sometimes confusing which one is magical girl or not

+ most Senran Kagura mainline games are Hack and Slash
Peach Beach Splash or PBS doesnt fit with my laptop's specs so I skipped that one

I dont really update much about that series anymore bc aside from the borderline-H on the S2 anime, Some of my ex mutuals forcing me to like stuff i hate lmao
Shinovi is in PS Vita and PC (Via Steam)
Estival is in PS Vita, PS4, and PC (Via steam)

~~theres a modded or a normal cracked version unironically~~
Senran Kagura New Link is the mobile game!
but the games are fun

sadly senran kagura new link have to use VPN so bc of this VPN reason I quit the game in the end lmao
^ye thats why im uncomfy with the anime especially the season 2
A/Z:  Aldnoah Zero
Also about the || death threat|| thingy that i briefly talked in the franxx community
The VA itself is the VA of Sayu in currently ongoing anime, idk the name, and bc of voicing Sayu she got hate again. but the hate is (mostly) from Indonesian communities, and that was very unfortunate
Symphogear G until the end, Magia Record, Accel World, JJBA Golden Wind, etc
Oh :0 I want to rewatch Accel world, I have a lot of animes I wanna watch after finals
Oh :0
but it legit has robots in it
but in the normal world hes a hooman
Idk if Accel world is a mecha or isekai bc the MC is a pig in that another world tbh
The messed up ending is like Aldnoah zero, most of the fans are focused of the relationship but the ending is || actually NTR (The main character didnt end up with Princess Elysium ||

Crazy side of the fandom is like Darling in the Franxx, but I wont tell the specific details bc it has tw for death threats || towards Ichigo' Japanese VA, Kana Ichinose ||. also some segments of the anime is quite fanservice-y
There used to be some of the mecha animes i looked forward at first but i dropped due to the messed up ending or even the crazy side of the fandoms
oh so Sympho and Eureka 7 are my exceptions when it comes to mecha anime. Idk if Accel world is mecha or Isekai tho? I love Accel world.
ah bc someone share a pic of the fanservice-y side of it and idk if latex suits may count as fanservice-y for some ppl. thats one of the reasons i skip evangelion aside from its... complicated storyline

i dont watch starwars, i dont vibe with it
bc i see the character on my pinterest is wearing a latex suit like Evangelion kinda thing
oh Space Battleship Yamato isn't mecha :0
No offense but I'm not really a fan of robot anime

Eureka 7 is an exception. I love the graphics
me: THAT? RIGHT IN FRONT OF MY SALAD?
oh bc ive seen ppl post fanservicey content of one of the girls in my pinterest
I'm currently massblocking ppl on Pinterest bc of unwanted content
Idk about this anime but is the Space Battleship Yamato anime fanservice-y?
Astaroth too, same case with that lmao

when i read posts about demonology the comments of Astaroth are also Gundams
I remember when a FB fanpage post information of demonology, in the Barbatos part a lot of the comments were talking about Gundam of the same name
About Gundam bc of the gunpla communities i only know Gundam Seed, Barbatos and Unicorn
Especially, the feeling when children came to your house

And accidentally

Broke the figure
I havent bought any figures but there are a lot of struggles if you have one aside from price
i only know some from the memes, Indonesian anime communities tend to make the own memes and struggles (especially when owning a figure)
one of my teachers like to collect Gundam
YES THAT
in Gundam Plamo communities there are various classes of Gundam models like PG, HG, etc
oh its called a plamo/plastic model
I never watch the Gundam anime but I know only from the Gundam-building communities
Princess Elysium looks like Saber from Fate series there ngl
the one which i said the ending is || NTR ||
i havent seen that character in general, my best girl in Date a Live is Kurumi lmao
yep the last time i watched it is before this girl existed that i dunno her name
i havent seen that dudette existed bc the last time i watched the anime is like 6 or 7 years ago, i dont really remember the plotline aside from Kurumi being the antagonist at first
also the name of the character please, maybe i can do some research if shes good or nah
but not sure if the storyline getting better or worse?
its around 2014-2015ish i think
Is the anime good? The last time I watched it is before that dudette existed in the anime
Too bad I cant find the artist.
uh what anime is this?
Welp bc PMMM has gory scenes especially during Mami's death?
PMMM: Madoka Magica
is it ok to directly watch Magia record without watching PMMM?
Oh and wanna ask
oh, like the pitch and stuff :0
Ah I see :0
D4DJ also has 2 Symphogear covers and Bang Dream has one
And yep in Revue Starlight, the song is translated as Phoenix Flame, which makes sense
The Vtuber cover used the original instrumental. The Revue Starlight one's is an arranged version though, the instrumental is a bit different.
oh, even though the instrumental is the same?
yep
I used a babymetal song for an editing timelapse but it got CR'ed even though i uploaded it on FB tbh
Same
also i've done editing the post, so sorry for confusing

Yep i just barely upload stuff on YT bc of this copyrighting thing -_-)
she cute
Oh, Polka from Hololive :0
but when it comes the cover version like the Vtuber and the Revue Starlight version it doesnt even got CR'ed
The original release is CRed
Bc the original Fushichou no Flamme song got blocked on IG and YT, most likely caused by CR which SUCKS
CR: Copyright btw
(This came from a person that dont watch Vtubers a lot except for that one who legit did Phoenix Flame/Fushichou no Flamme cover without even getting CR'ed. Forgot the name though)
The name and the animal species too? she looks cute
...i thought it was legit an anime
OH A VTUBER
Also what species of animal is that, thanks!
idk if this counts but what anime is this? the person who posted it didnt mention the anime
SAME
i also used to watch Shugo chara but I prefer the manga compared to the anime tbh
the latter 4 is my sis watched it lmao
The only magical girl anime I have is Symphogear S1 until XV, Tokyo Mew mew, MGRP, Mahou Shoujo site, PMMM and Magia Record
idk if MGRP is gory or nah tho
Mahou shoujo site is also gory tbh
oh yea, noted :0
idk the KLK character that has the Jotaro fashion but she was my fav back in the day lol
theres a fanart that I found about Hibiki Symphogear wearing the outfit of the said character
(iirc, the "Jotaro style" in Japanese delinquent fashion is called the bancho-style, but irl its only worn by boys. the girls wear sukeban jackets. )
Kill La Kill is decent despite the transformed outfits is fanservice-y imo

Oh! and also that one KLK character who has a fashion sense like Jotaro from JJBA Stardust Crusaders
as for Precure my fav concepts aside from the Futari ones... I love the kira2 precure and Healing good's concepts

even the partner forms of the healing good is heavily influenced by Japanese kimono and animals, my 2 fav things combined, however there arent a lot of Indonesian fansubbers that made subs about those 2
idk her real name but shes Cure Flamingo when i did a quick research
However in Tropical rouge precure... My fave is the one who looks like Tomoe from Bang dream lmao
*edited it since i watched Precure but it was like when i was 10 y.o
its just Futari wa precure and the Max heart one that got aired on Indonesian TV
oh :0
i'm currently finding some magical girl anime series that like... good for tomboys, thats it

thats why i dont really watch the recent Precure series, aside from the download links are hard to find

The only precure series I've watched is Futari wa Precure, it used to be airing in Indonesian but unfortunately it isnt anymore
i sometimes use that app for kanji
i dunno if google translate is accurate when translating names?
bc i dunno how kanji works
The character i'm asking lmao
Tomoe's one of my best girls in Bandori! Too bad the acc that do those kemonomimi edits got suspended last december for unknown reasons
Oh :0
So this one isn't a horse right?

Ik the anime title but i cant read Kanji lol
usually Wolves, Foxes, some dog breeds and cats have ear tufts iirc
the only thing i can tell apart from horses and some other carnivores (Foxes, wolves, dogs, cats etc) kemonomimi-wise is just one:


Ear tufts
i have picts of irl foxes but its hard to scroll down here on phone, but since some uma musume tails are drawn to look more foxlike, sometimes i cant tell them apart

also this edit is a fox
despite her tail looks foxlike to me
Oh, uma musume  so shes not a fox
i need fox anime girls lol
the name of the character too please!
What anime is this one? Also she's a foxgirl right?
yep
i've never heard of ateji hmm
Mio, Fubuki, i forgot the others
6 Hololives iirc
AL used to collab with Hololive
(the Karen character in Revue starlight was written in Kanji, its kanji is 愛城 華恋)
kanji has a lot of pronounciations and its lowkey one of my weak points at learning the language
yep that :0
thats an example
I remember the name Aijou Karen from Revue starlight when got translated is Aishiro Hanakoi lol
yep, trust me some non-english ships in AL i can read it easily
but Kanjis are my weak point  when it comes to these stuff unless i google translate it

however it isnt 100% accurate, Kanji has a lot of pronounciations iirc
Bang dream have a 1 year and a month gap, D4DJ have a 7 month gap, Revue starlight have around 6 month gap but the event difference is like 2 or 3 months compared to JP

so yea, idk how many gaps is AL's EN and JP server releases
thank :0
usually EN server mobile anime games have like 1 year or more gaps compared to the Japanese ver

Idk about AL, but for the other Yostar game like Arknights have 1 year and a month-gap
idk how many gaps of JP and EN release tho
I mean, the pict I get is in Kanji, and the wikis of AL are English
how to read it
Remember: I dunno how kanji works so I dunno
OH
Shonen and Shoujo are more manga focused i guess?
i dunno about it, since I only know that DxD got adapted from a Light novel so yeah
OH
DxD isn't a shonen iirc, its ecchi and harem for me
The dress breaks are the ones that made me uncomfy real quick

idk if Fire Force have those scenes more than DxD or nah
since me and my sis only watch a bit of it
Understandable, despite I'm very uncomfy with anime that has excessive dress breaks
and idk if Fire force has excessive scenes like this (the dress break) because... I could be easily uncomfy with it bc of those DxD flashbacks
the character i got and when i googled her age, she's 16, a minor
But still in DxD, Rias is an adult tho
This is as worse as Kirika Pole dancing in XV

I watched the S3 (yep I watched the Born one bc it was the newest season so)
The opening is legit a banger
but the fanservice... yep, it made a vietnam flashback in my mind so whenever i see a character with excessive dress break + a minor, my reaction is...
ye but the sexualization make me remind my vietnam flashback with DxD
Both the 1st and 2nd seasons of Fire Force is in Aniplus Asia tho
but since my dad "took over" the TV in the living room, both me and my sis havent watched Aniplus for several months
ye

My sis watched it but only a few scenes, Fire Force is also on Aniplus Asia
And I'm p sure I'll drop the anime real quick. the opening song is a banger tho
OK SHES A MINOR, I GOOGLED IT (SHE'S 16 Y.O)
First DxD, now this
bc I have several questions for those kind of anime
bc i dont even know the character's name
Also forgot to add, is the character on the pic a minor?
and when I get to XV I'll LEGIT skip Kirika's transformation for multiple reasons. Imma continue watching it in July
Symphogear yeah, it has legit fanservice, even the scene when Mamacat bathing in G I legit skipped that to get into the main story lol
DxD is downright bad for me, Senran Kagura is a guilty pleasure (i love the hack and slash but the excessive dress break made me uncomfy too)
since I regret watching animes with excessive dress break
but why is the girl outfit torn? maybe give me some spoilers so i can tell that apart from the DxD-like animes
yep I regret watching DxD tbh
like dressbreaking any girl the MC meet
eh idk if the MC of Fire Force has powers of Issei or nah
so Fire force isn't really recommended right? i dont really like shows with excessive ~~boob and dress breaking~~ fanservice like DxD is
Imma going to continue watching Symphogear at beginning of July btw due to I'm having a test simulation in June 27th and an online class in June 29th
But is it worse than Pole dancing Kirika in XV or...
That show is one of those kind of examples
*AHEM* HIGHSCHOOL DXD
And is it highly recommended? I regret watching overly fanservice-y shows with scenes like this
Is this an ecchi anime? idk what animu is this
(subbers i mean like, translating and make it into subtitles onto the video)
Some subbers literally quit subbing bc bushiroad keep Copyrighting their subs
Bushiroad also have a strong CR in YT
ye, since that Kadokawa CR I'm too scared to upload stuff to YT
and not sure to upload that or nah, i only uploaded it on GDrive
i made a short audio trimming thing to make a song look like an anime opening, and using Symphogear G opening to fit with
welp, idk why they sue or take down my old AMV lol

edit: the now-deleted AMV i made was back in 2018
I used to make AMVs in the past but it got blocked by Kadokawa bc of the CR system is a BISH
(also idk if this question is relevant or not, but. is Kadokawa an anime studio or...)
oh :0
idunno
Oh Overlord isn't an LN, sorry, my bad
I've been considering Overlord to be on my watch list, but the novel plot is somewhat complicated
MWAM: Man With a Mission
yep that singer of the Database Opening
I dont really listen to MWAM a lot tho
but since I'm a band-maid fan from like 2019, that show caught my attention again lmao
Database is as good
yep thanks to Band-Maid singing the season 3 opening, i'll start to watch this series again
ye :0
Idk if Log Horizon is a Shounen, but its also one of my faves
(yep i "censored" it)
Naruto is basically one of my fav shounen anime, sadly in Shippuden the other characters arent really fleshed out.

Sadly, yep, I despise the y40i side of the fandom of shounen anime in general. Especially BNHA fandom. Some of those side rant a lot about not accepting the ending just bc the winning couple is straight, and even the toxicity is until they threaten the authors
done <:TsubasaFish:689163064830066696>
welp sorry, imma edit it
just that
so about Fire force I'm 50/50 to watch that or nah as long as I skip those scenes that made me uncomfy
P.s. I asked my sis about fire force, she said the fanservice scenes aren't as much as DxD but those things are unnecessary so I can skip those dress break scenes

She watched the anime a bit but since my dad "took over" the TV, she read the manga
also since Precure series is under Toei but its mostly targeted at young girls, it's a shoujo, or...
Oh, i see. sometimes info on the books can be a misinformation bc most info i got are shounen/shoujo are targeted to works adapted from manga
About Eden's Zero maybe Imma read the manga if Mangadex is working properly. Mangadex isnt down anymore, but the manga reading features havent been fully recovered so ye
in MAL there is Gintama o, Gintama' idk any of those names
I lowkey wanna watch Gintama but idk the exact order of watching
and I dont have enough space to legit put a playstation console in my room lol
af
I'm broke
Jokes on you I dont even have the game
havent watched it yet tho
I have FMAB
also Sengoku basara is a battle shounen or nah?
Noragami is epic :0
i love repeating that scene all over
the torture dance scene to be exact
I have watched it from last year and still on the beginning of part 5
thank :0
ah, i see. :0
Oh :0
Also is the manga accurate to the anime? if it is i probably read the manga lol
I'm a sucker of action, magic/fantasy and adventure combined
Idk if Magi is accurate to the Arabian Nights, Alibaba and Voyages of Sinbad story. Hence I know those characters from Magi first (except Alladin, i know it from Disney obviously)
Btw way back when I was like 15 a lot of friends recommend me to watch Magi. But still, idk the watch order, is it Labyrinth of magic first or Sinbad no bouken first?
:000
(bc when i searched on my phone, it says ascii 2d is a firefox add on)
but not sure?
its only on firefox
edit: Ascii2d isnt on android
Hope riot music will make a cover album with those 2 Vtubers. I love them a lot xD
as for ascii 2d, i recently heard of that
i have tried saucenao but it isnt 100% accurate at times
Oh that :0 otw to subscribe
Mamacat in here is Maria btw <:MariaYell:336657352264646657>
Who is the one that covered Mamacat's parts?
oh, who is the vtuber that covered FnF? especially the one that covered Mamacat's parts
the one i send or the one that covered Phoenix Flame/Fushichou no Flamme/FnF?
idk the name of that Vtuber I send and the one that covered Mamacat's parts in Phoenix Flame
the one that looks like that covered Tomoe... I mean  Mamacat's parts
despite i dunno the name
she looks similar
Is that the one Vtuber that covered Phoenix Flame?
but idk wat anime is that
Art link is here. I love her outfit

アスラ(Asla)さんはTwitterを使っています 「桃 #ameliaRT https://t.co/LZk22N7vkF」 / Twitter
wat animu?
(the Touhou doggo girl is called Inubashiri Momiji)
(also idk a lot of anime that has dog ears. The game Touhou have one iirc, but the dog ears are triangular, like a Husky xD)
Or idk if there are horses have natural, doglike ears. whenever i google irl horses the ears are just normal
i mean, the ears look more like a dog to me in this one
tbh the funniest thing i discovered that some uma musume fanartists draw the ears to look like doggo sometimes

while horses irl dont have dog like ears.

This is why some quick research is necessary, dudes, dudettes and nonbinaries xD
I see. a lot of anime FB groups got angry with this ifunny thing so im curious why lol
also a bit irrelevant but why does ppl got angry whenever a pic has an ifunny watermark? not only memes but some wholesome content like that
I havent watched that on CN for a long time tbh
oh it's Adventure Time :0
Also in Symphogear this ship will be KanaMaria 100% lmao
i need anime with wholesome gl content like this lol
idk if ascii2d can detect images that has the ifunny om it, but what anime?
i thought they use the nyan nyan pose of some catgirls xD
Oh, i see!
iirc that character isnt in the anime yet (?)
This nya nya pose to be exact
also i havent watched uma musume yet but ive seen some of the characters doing a cat's "nya nya" pose, is it legit or-
lol
also Dog days have loads of kemonomimi, and some of em are doggos
Theres something i cant distinguish lately between 2 charas for different anime
Btw Metroid is an anime or nah?
<:TsubasaDere:768545990495961129>
Uta Macross is the game
i only know a bit of macross through the game, idk if the games still active
(bc im not really a fan of swing or jazz music, most of macross songs have this genre)
i dont really like the songs tho except two lol
theres normal macross, frontier, delta, idk the rest
idk the watch order
oh, i recently heard of macross lmao
probably an OC i think?
ascii too
no result too on saucenao

idk what animu is that or another OC
this is on my pinterest recommended lol
i cant find this on ascii, is this an OC?
Pinterest pics are mostly saved in jpeg or jpg tho
also thanks for informing about the art bot, i thought they detect all images, but it turns out only the png
the funniest thing is the safebooru (?) tags use the chinese name so its Ying Hua Yao lol
ah, from Onmyoji game
or just an OC probably
idk wat animu is this tho
<@278860841485598720>
theres something i found that i cant reverse image search to know what anime it is
also something a bit irrelevant but is the art bot not working or-
so i have to look at only the clothes to tell them apart lol
oh so Samus never have alternate clothes then :0
Samus usually wear skintight ones, dunno if they have alternate clothes tho

Ayase Eli, since shes a school idol, her outfits have a lot of variety
i personally cant even tell them apart if im not looking at the outfits personally
and 18 is an adult age? idk lol
3rd year in highschool is 17-18 i think?
I mean, both of em have blonde hair, tied into ponytail, same bangs, blue eyes
Samus Aran and Eli (Love Live) look the same to me and i cant even tell them apart
since I cant tell them apart
welp imma ask someone who know both metroid and Love Live about this
aka the seiyuu or voice actress
Also did Samus Aran have a VA?
Ayase Eli is from Love Live
idk how to distinguish them aside from the outfit hm
Samus Aran and Ayase Eli, they personally look the same to me
Btw is Infinite Stratos any good?
1996 to 1998 to be exact (the anime)
edit: Samurai X is 1990s
ppl also said that its LA (live action) is pretty epic but I never watched the LA adaptation
eh idk if Rurouni Kenshin/Samurai X is a 80s anime? lemme search
Most anime I watch is 2000 and above so
Sometimes theres some anime ppl recommended me to watch but i havent downloaded yet bc of confused with the watch order
OH
I'm even born at that time so yea i havent seen some 80s anime u_u
ah, i see
i still dunno where to click after doing a reverse search in ascii hm
also somewhat irrelevant but i wanna ask how ascii2d works 


i tried to reverse image search that i dunno what anime is this, but which one should i click?
ah :0
I wanna continue the manga but idk if Mangadex has the reading feature since the site is recovered several weeks ago from the hackers and stuff
Oh yeah
i mean, the kemonomimi species lol
since the screencap i got has this fox/horse girl? idk what species is this but i have a thing for fox eared girls
i usually use saucenaopls on twitter when asking anime titles from the scenes, but the bot is somewhat busy
btw is whatanime.ga can search anime from screencaps that are cropped a bit?
but not all thrillers revolve around that

but psychological i dont really know the meaning when it comes to anime. does it have deep meaning, affect mental health, or what?
(yep i googled way back but still cant understand)
aka killing others
thriller is like k wording or something (?)
ik what thriller means, but idk what is a psychological anime since those 2 often be together
about index idk the order, index first, accelerator first, or railgun first
welp this is getting pretty heated to get my question answered huh
(i have googled it too, but sometimes i cant tell them apart about those 2 genres)
bc trust me, when it comes tk anime genres i sometimes couldnt tell em apart
What is the difference between thriller and psychological?
Also wanna ask something, but its more about of anime genre
same with FMAB
bc this new Shaman King is more manga accurate
idk Shaman king will have how many episodes, hopefully it fits my external harddisk since this harddisk is used by both me and my sis lol
as for spring probably i'll download Joran -The princess of Snow and Blood- instead
idk what summer 2021 anime should i be looking forward into
yep, i also saw that when i scrolled through twitter and ppl assume that the author is ||Lesbophobic||
(Also iirc wonder egg priority is psychological or nah? it covers a bit of sensitive topics when i read some reviews. but idk should i watch it or not regarding the controversies tbh)
about the ||lesbophobic|| controversy to be specific
idk theres ppl say the anime has good trans representation but there is also a controversy regarding uh... its creator iirc
also is Wonder egg priority good?
OH :0 I get it
I thought Streamable isn't a ||NSFW website||?
Uh??
yey :0

maybe bc of location problems i cant view it on twitter?
This is on Crunchyroll's official twitter
Ok so im opening a video of Kobayashi Dragon Maid Season 2's new opening but. Any issue to fix this?
indeed
yep the video is also on Kyoani's youtube :0
yep, Indonesia
Imma search Kyoani youtube channel if there is
first reddit, now this
ok wtf
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874> so yeah

(about the Gate anime, some peeps also suggest me watching this anime)
also yea some harem anime with excessive fanservice arent my thing. Maybe there are some minor exceptions
ye ik goblin slayer was notorious for that first episode (you know what.), and seeing a lot of ppl talking about it, ends up i dont watch it when it got released
understandable
In Gate i love Rory Mercury's design
(idk if the one on the left is a catgirl since the tail isnt shown)
ok so an OC then
Feel free to tell me what anime is this if yall know! I cant find anything.
like uma musume ears slightly look like wolves to me but the only difference is horse ears doesn't have ear tufts
(also not sure if that pic i found the left is a catgirl, idk if i know accurately about the animal species bc i sometimes cant distinguish cat, fox, wolf, and horse ears if the tails arent visible)
this one
The ones I got recently, idk what anime is it so it most likely a catgirl OC + an elf OC i guess?
I downloaded Gate tho, havent watched it 

SAO has both elves and catgirls but ~~only in ALO~~
if catgirls i know lots of em, but havent seen that one
bc idk anime that feature elves either
edit: man i searched for everything and didnt got anything so idk if its legit an anime or just random catgirl + Elf OCs
the right one is definitely, an elf.
idk if the species of the one on the left is a catgirl?
the only media i know that has elves in it is just the Legend of Zelda game so
i searched: anime with cat eared characters and a pink elf together
oh, so theyre OCs? searching with the literal description doesnt bring accurate results on google
(i found this on pinterest and not sure if i could reverse search using the bot here bc of the different image source)
also the right one is... an elf?
I have a thing for kemonomimi characters, i dont care if the ears + tail are real or fake as long as the anime itself isn't NSFW
uhh anyone know what anime is this? or are they just OCs?
i never played roblox myself, only know some of the basic stuff
i thought royale high was an anime lol, i searched on google there isnt any wiki article that mentioned that "anime"
oh, i never play roblox and know anything detailed to it u_u
i thought robux is from roblox, not royale high? im confused
i really dont know the context when i google something that i thought was legit an anime (?)
it doesn't have a wiki article whether that's legit an anime or not
Like, what's robux and decal id?
also is Royale High an anime? i googled it but I still dont get the context
Ohhh, bc i only know Macross Frontier and Delta
and thank :0
Oh, idk the watch order of Macross, i only know its mobile game (uta macross)

Madoka PMMM, Aya Bandori, maybe Childcat ~~aka the abomination~~ from Sympho XDU is the twintailed pink haired charas i know
bc most twintailed pink animu girls i know are mostly flat chested
She looks like Super Sonico but not sure? since super sonico is more ||sexualized|| in its official arts
uh is this an anime or just someone else's OC?
LMAO
even the fans send death threats to the VA itself
you know, that Ichigo - MC - Zero two drama

p.s. i dont really remember the MC's name. Only the news of that controversy spread like wildfire on the FB and some Indonesian ppl fueled up the situation by insulting others. heck
especially about that one controversy in Ichigo's VA from franxx for "infidelity in the anime"
bc i dont like mecha (giant robot fight) anime with those drama
(idk if dynazenon has like unnecessary drama like franxx or aldnoah but if there is im skipping it )
Rikka and Akane

trust me i found a lot of Rikka simps when that anime came out on my fb lol
and i also think those 2 female leads were the charm points

i dont watch a lot of mecha (in this context, like giant robot fights) after Aldnoah zero came out so yeah u_u
Understandable
When I see some peeps watch Gridman they mostly focus on the female leads

Even some compare Rikka to Ueno (a silent voice) bc of the constant screentime of thighs lol
(ik the gacha rates sucks as hell and the farming system too but. I love the game concept and it would be amazing to see an anime adaptation of it)
Arknights anime when
lately i am having a random thought and try to connect the current XDU event and i feel like something's off?

i dont know a lot about Gridman and Dynazenon but. when Gridman aired most of my friends are more invested seeing the girls ~~(literal simps lmao)~~ , especially Rikka and Akane.

When seeing the collab in XDU something's off bc NONE of the remaining Symphogear charas cosplay as the girls wtf
oh its in 2022
also thanks for the recommendations since i'm constantly questioning my sanity
nvm, forget it.
ive asked about it in serious discussion several weeks ago
im getting real uncomfy seeing it (the s*x scenes) especially from a certain non-anime doujin thingy

it made me somewhat feel offended as an aroace
but NSFW in this context are like sexual scenes, so if its just shower or beach episode its still ok, as long as no sex involved
i skipped those shower scenes tho
Oh hey, recommend me some wholesome shoujo ai/yuri manga and/or anime

the rules are no incest, pedo and weird ones (Citrus in this case counts as incest so yeah)

Oh and no NSFW or s*x scenes
F, I don't have either of those
is there any place to watch it legally? ik Muse asia and Muse indonesia haven't post this anime-styled cartoon bc it isn't from Japan
idk why this anime tend to be on my timeline

OH I THOUGHT IT WAS ANIME DUE TO THE ART STYLE
Sorry for not being active in Symphogear but. what anime is this and where to watch it?
