Imma head over there then
Can I write in here?
Oh no
Is that how it goes?
And lastly, a YEET
Then there was anger
There was a scream
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
Yes
Mashed up colors, because my imagination went "brrrrr, all black"
I had no Lego Creation, most of I got was some characters made of plasticine
But that's really cool
<:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
Imagine stepping on it with a bare foot
I'm free to post more, if you want
More in a few minutes/hours
Shortly after the tournament Pharios was asked to travel to the Main Continent, for the meeting. He even got the cab for that, Imagine that. He got in with friends. And drove to the Tower
But there was a new race that came in the biggest continents, as I think about it now, they looked as Hivers from Kenshi. Those guys were tall, black, and mean, but provided the lands with technology, and governance. I called them "Yuiters". Our story begins in human island, where young man fight his friend for a title of "Champion of Humans", said champion was suppoused to be a representative of the race in the upcoming gathering in the Yuiters tower. Pharios, yes I wrote down myself, emerged victorius. And became the said Champion.
So I told you about my one story I am kind of proud of.
The story was named "Black Tower", and began with an introduction to the world. A big continent, with 8 continets sticked to the side of a big one, the only way of travel between continents was through the big one. On each little islands was a different race, I had humies(obviously), elves, dwarfs, dragonborns, and other weird creatures capable of intellect lives, orcs and trolls were separated and included.
I chose this over 3d modeling
No, it's my university subject
But I'm remaking images in Matlab xD
I wish I could use Blender like that
Whoa
I hate it, even though it's not THAT bad
Look, I'm well enough with sfw versions.
Look. At. Them. Thighs.
I tried ;_;
Do not look for nsfw, for there is NONE
GEBRUH
First reports from Wuham were back in the middle of February
People were given time to Prepare
The numbers are still rising
The quarantine have been going on for quite a while, can't people just sit tightly on their asses? <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
You may not want to belive, but the evidence is there
It happens everywhere lol
But the countries thought, Poland included, that it would not spread so much
Well, you're not wrong
I've seen only YouTube streams, but Jacksepticeye supposedly bring out the Twitch streamers as well
Please don't laugh
Yesterday/today the Youtube Streamers raised quite a lot of money in charity to donate to fight against the virus, I wonder if it will help in any way
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
Won't reply
But he's a dork
I am
Why do I always hear the worst news from Rady? It's just like ever since he watched Symphogear he was a "Harbinger of Dess" <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
We have some projects for finishing the semester, and holy cow I'm lagging behind
As well as exercises, we were mostly working with sending files to lecturer
I have Lectures on Google Meet
That's... Well I can't say it's excessive, because people can behave really differently
It's not like I HATE people, I've seen my share of stupidity including them, and I like working with them.
A little extreme, sure
While at work I caught myself thinking about people I serve, as a some sort of livestock, who just expects we know everything, and we have to like throw food their way
> Do you like people? What are your impressions on people as a whole?
I have nothing against people, I am aware that they can be various depending on smallest of variables, you can learn the most idiotic side of people when you're working as a cashier in fast food, or multi-store
Keep yourself distracted a little from it
No other humans on the street fortunately, but that's because I live in the far outskirts of a bigger, but still small city
Any sort of believe in humanity
<:MariaNo:672658725986762764> 
Despising humanity:
<:MariaWink:688836868736811148>
Are you getting enough sleep? Do you remember to hydrate regurally?
It was fun, but unnecessary in the long run
Try not to get too edgy, though. When I stated what was in my head, my parents send me to psychologist
About?
21 y o
Even younger people can have more experience than I do
Well, yeah that would be fine if my questions were answered by people who lived longer then me...
Yeah... I might be a girl in man's clothing and with dick who creates the rules to live by
Sometimes I wonder if I'm even a man to begin with. My behaviour sometimes makes me feel like I'm a freaking princess
I sometimes wish it was actually like that, that I could suppress everything inside me, and go about my life...
I know right...
Tough, hardworking etc.
I've been taught that MAN must be MANLY
Sorry... Should kept that to myself... There are others who needs help more than I do
I really can't say right now if I can ever love somebody genuinely
Being single is nice, you can live without any worry, but loneliness fucking hurts...
But it also hurts
Now, she found a new boyfriend, and I'm happy for her
It was bad for her
That I may cross the line
Right now I'm scared to go into any relationship, just because of that
Stupid hormones...
To the point I've been "raping", I feel ashamed of myself, and my lack of tact
I've been in a relationship where I was the aggressor, always wanting to have sex with significant other
I'm serious
Matt, please
How does one "LOVE" the other human?
But at this point in my life, I don't know what "Love" means
Being loved back... Man I am craving it as well
What the heck? <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Closing on 22
raping is a strong word, but that's the only way I can describe my behavior
Well, I should, but I really would like to avoid "raping" another girl
~~It's too good to be a single~~
It won't work out unless I change my ways
I belive that's true, but what's done is done.
I know. She was willing, but I didn't want her to even try it. I am afraid
I felt bad about it, and then it struck me, that I can't be like this towards her, so either I drop the whole relationship(which I did), or force myself to change(Which won't help at all, because I can't find any sort of topic with her, and changing myself won't be permanent, only temporary)
I've recently was playing with rady, when she wanted to talk, I've typed back that I'll tell her when I'm done, I totally forgot about her.
I don't want to pull her through my tantrums, uncertainty, and everything I am, because I am boring. Only thing I do right is playing games, and only that brings me any kind of joy
I wanted to find someone, and I did find someone who can love me, and I can love. But I found out that my kind of "love" is wrong
And it's just me who's at fault
Kinda the same way I've typed it few days ago
As she already was hard to trust another person, she will be even more untrusting
I'll be fine, once i numb myself with games, but she...
One might say that... I friendzoned her
But until I figure myself out, we're "friends"
Neither did I, and I won't drop it
She didn't drop contact
So I've chosen the lesser evil
She truly wanted this to go well. Unfortunately I've turned out to be a freaking idiot who can't decide what he wants from life
Mostly for her
I could not be with her. When I treat her like one of my colleagues, only typing when I need to vent off, or I'm totally bored to death
Lately, I've grown unsure of my feelings, and... Just told her that I'm unsure, and for her sake, told her that I wish to pursue no further until I figure myself out... She's now mad, hurt, and disappointed...
I've been typing away with one girl for 6 months
Damnit, me... Now I've done it
Have fun
I'm just under-bridge troll xD
I'm not the one to talk, though
They should
Racist America. Damn it.
Sorry, I didn't read about it if it is higher up
Why are there protests in Minneapolis?
June Starts beautifully
What in the flying fuck is going on in the world right now?
Probably it works far better then Polish law, but for real, though
US law even work though?
Doesn't sound that bad, compared to what my brain produced
Huh, I must have been thinking about something weird then
I've just been weirded out by dream not like the usual ones tonight
My head starts to hurt, and I don't like it
I don't analyze at all, lol
Dreams are supposed to hold any sort of meaning, right? I can't say what meaning my dreams might have if only thing I dream is either having sex, dying, or walking straight
So "Don't do drugs" may be invalid
Tea and coffee
There is a worldwide drug
Which are just fizzy drinks
There are 0,0 beverages
She was... Huh... 10 at the time iirc?
My sister tried a beer at a young age, now she hates it
I don't smoke, but my father smokes for all of us
Yaaaay, the world is going extremes now, that's the shit for 2020, lul
As far as I got it, it's a being in your mind
I was taking everything in like a sponge
I was reminded of me possibly having a tulpa, ugh... That was a bad time in my life
I don't think that's common, yet I've found a Polish forum for that, it had... Around a hundred people in it? That was like... 8 years ago?
Same to you <:TikiPraise:672430544381935625>
I should change it though
Don't worry about it xD
I feel like I'm more of an annoyance, than the actual asset
I can't say I am, but that's just me
I honestly don't know, and I'm glad I'm through
And the only solution was to get my ass killed?
What was in my mind when I thought that I'm the reason for everyone's problems?
Well, I'm included in that list, yet, I've soon discovered that I was wrong
I wonder... Why is some people who are feeling a bit uneasy, overwhelmed, and stressed out, think that they have a depression? Is it just the case if not understanding the condition?
I don't know myself
I forgot totally about it
I really don't know what pushed me to tulpas all these years ago
Getting back, glad you're okay
Any other aches?
Would have helped in migraine
But that aspirin is lost, though
That's good
You're okay now?
Hold up, at the start of lockdown, it's like 3 months ago
Eh, don't worry
I know I was like that when I've made it
It's tempting, especially if you are feeling lonely as hell
You can make an imaginary friend to converse with, and live your life
Ah
And what are we? xD
Kinda
That was... Weird
I'm still lonely,but I don't resort to these things anymore
I was young and lonely
Yea, I've made my tulpas
I'm... Not sure...?
Selfvalue, it's changing depending on the situation I'm currently in
So my value is great
Heck, my insurance costs a lot xD
Yeah
It was so easy
But heck I'd love to go back in time xD
Life will change and show everything
Rawr
I'm turning 22 in 17th
August gang!
Oh
Ye?
She has so many ideas fir her future. Unlike me
I've recently been talking with my sister
Being an adult sucks
And I'm supposed to behave like one
I'm not that old, but I'm an adult in Polish law
21
And I feel I'm doing ir wrong
I can't ask that in my age
Hey, mom, remind me how to properly wash my dishes
I hate when people expect you to know what a ruler is when they use some other word for it
And I'm being scolded for asking questions about obvious things
Ah, addition to nuisance, I don't know much about the world despite being old enough to know some obvious things
CBT?
I myself don't know what I have in my own mind
At least I think
General conviction based on my inability to help some people in my past, not following jokes of others, having really different interests from others, and general negativity that lingers around my mind
I could use a friend form another country, being honest... It really broadens perspective
I don't know if it still exists
Never had to use it, and I hope I won't use it ever
But that was when I was turning adult
My mother had issued an insurance for me
What is going on out here?
In Poland as well
How do you know that you masturbate different from other people?
~~Too much MGS V~~
Rarer without left arm
I often portray myself in my dreams, not having one eye
About dying or sustaining a big injury
Do you dream about dying often?
I rarely have nightmares.
Both, usually
Situations like, building falling, traffic accidents, attempts at my life
Most of the injuries were a debris cutting out things or stabbing through the chest
Like what? Injuries? Types of death?<@676272618839605249>
Kids won't see much, but an adult will be... Somewhat offended?
Guess you're kinda right
Huh...
Sorry for digging
What exactly makes you mad?
For example
Fetish like Blonde being overworried about looks?
That's perfect, now we wait for aliens to drop on us
Eh... Poland...
I'm having trouble formulating eligible, and comprehensible opinion on the matter
Uh... Can I not, though...?
What is it this time?
And no one has the balls to stop this bullshit
Children's play
I love this community
Country talk -> Fat talk
SAME
> cycling wouldn't be a big issue for me if I were in better shape
Same
It's not very far from home
I'm on Nevis with that one
~~Poland~~
But let's pretend that it's no issue
What are the good points of your country of choosing?
Where will you all go?
If I'd ever change country, I would choose Canada
I've been thinking about Infamous Second Son Karma symbol
What are your thoughts on tattoos? yay, or nay? If you have one, what it symbolises? Was it expensive?
<@284390402210136064> <:Zababies:672238628398956594>
Nice
> Question! I wanted to ask since it's been on my mind for a while. Anyone can answer, I wanna learn more about everyone anyway~
> 
> What view do you have of your past? Is it something that you cherish? Or perhaps something that you are troubled by? Or perhaps something else entirely?
For me, past is something I don't wish anyone else has to live through, at least not the way I did, as much as my life wasn't bad, I've had what I wanted, untill I've turned 19, then I've been left alone to everything, parents were helpful, very helpful, and here I was, at times ungrateful for that. What I want to avoid... Is basically boredom or my quiet peaceful life. I've often been jealous of my friends because they had so whacky adventures and unusual situations, even though I've had my own share. I also would like to get rid of my young uncertainty, it would lead to less stress, because since "gimnazjum" which was a thing in Poland not too long ago, I've been troubled by not knowing what I want to do with my life. That's that for now, if I come up with something more, I'll type it out
I've just drank tea
I'm trying to get a wrap on it
From the discussion above
Uhhh... Head hurts
> im getting really REALLY tired of people
You tell me, people are fucking stupid
Between both candidates
Now I'm conflicted
I was risking going back on foot to nowhere xD
There is two candidates
I did not vote at all
I was afraid of being kicked out of me house
Yeah, I wasn't voiting
-_-
No bulli
I don't know that stuff ;_;
There was a talk that you don't have to fill tax papers if you have small income
My mother takes care for all our taxes, I'm kinda worried how to make it when I'll be on my own, but mostly It'll probably be filled "automatically"
He was a cool asian guy
Let his soul shine bright in the sky
It hurts
Whyyyyy
No!
Oh GOD
Me, while being myself, wouldn't mind being a bit more controlled by significant other. That opinion comes from my past relationship
> But relationships would go here, wouldn't they?
That's awfully short-sighted, even for you friend
275, damn I missed like a whole lot
Or was it 130
Poznań, I have it close, as close as 200 km goes
That's the first time i hear THAT word
ಠ_ಠ
Ziemniaki, pyry, kartofle
There are various words for potatoes in Poland
Cebulaki
Please
Correct me if I'm wrong Poles of this server
Polish guy who mostly tries to get everything by doing nothing
That's a new word
Huh, voivodeship Lubelskie
What's wrong with Kalisz, though?
Yeah, I'm from województwo Lubelskie, driven down to Warsaw, and living here as long as I care to remember
I sure don't feel like an onion-man
That's nice that everyone is reaching their roots, by asking I've learned that I'm clear Polish guy
Rady
And it's friggin not
Says you, who thinks that subtlety is key to everything
<:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
That sucks
Why?
> Lucy and I broke up.
WAIT WHAT?
How tf
> Two weeks hadn't passed and they are already carving Warsaw out of Mazovia <:KirikaPanic:644235681677180958>
<@203444794737950720> what do you mean?
Are you quitting willingly? Or you're being kicked out in the future?
There is a really tough to determine balance of it
Don't praise them too much though
If we weren't the world would be boring as all hecks
Everyone is flawed
> I just feel like the world would be a better place if I never existed.
Sorry to reopen probably sealed off wound, but, why?
> There are moments when patience and goodwill can wear thin and wither, it's pretty normal.
I can attest to that, I consider myself very patient, but it's on a short fuse if you do too much
Not that far, trust me
> How far ahead are you thinking about all this?
I am thinking too much when I'm working
22 in three weeks
Hopefully my little brother keeps my senses in check
Also I've discovered that I'm waaay to young to be a father
I mean, sure
More trouble getting a divorce than get married
Appreciated
What's a shotgun marriage?
Girlfriend, for now
Eh, it'll work out on it's own, now, I'll just enjoy myself, but not too too much
I mean I might, but I'm not at all interesting
I'm the oldest kid in my family
Oldest brothers are like that
I don't know why, I just like to help People get "hooked up", so to speak. Not being able to help myself, but always willing to help others
I don't suppose I could meet any of you from this server, still, it is a good platform to form something like that
Yeah, the best xD
Ey, I'm not jumping around, just thought I could get your opinion
I don't know if I should aim here in Poland, or try even here
Still, thought creeps on me on the back of my head
I enjoy life of a single
But, no rush
Now I'd like to start
She Didn't even need my help
I was helping her get a boyfriend
We've been together for a while, 3 years, we broke up, still contacting
Yea, that's how it is with my other friend, a woman
But I grow a bit bored....
The one where I found the girl I'm currently typing with
In a bloody Poland
Rady, you handsome man, I've been telling you about dating app
There is
If anyone else has been offended, I'm terribly sorry
I'm telling that on myself
Ain't no love for the fatty, but there are exceptions
Being fit as well
I believe you do
> In all honestly regarding romantic confidence, I expect it can only go downward now
<@203444794737950720> with that attitude, sure xD
Two sides of the same coin showed up on me, unfortunately
I've got a bit carried away, I'm sorry
Yet, I'd like to help him out as much as I'm aboe
I mean I get it that he's slower
Weekends
Why don't you start attending university again?
I tried to help him in the past, he didn't want my help.
I'll just back away slowly then
I'm not joking, I've had enough of his bullshit, because I really can't understand that's stopping him
If he had any social anxiety in him, he wouldn't be on a meeting with our mutual friends before pandemic
It's called laziness in his case
What is blocking you to do ANYTHING?
Then what pride do you have to uphold?
If you're gonna be blocking yourself from others, I won't be pulling you out
And what honor do you have? A man with no social media other then Twitter and Discord
You won't lose any Honor if you don't have any in the first place?
It costs nothing
You can just TRY
Ugh, rady...
<:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Listen if you can't handle a girl taller than you, I don't see you anywhere in few years
"tactfully", sorry but I'll laugh at that
And deep in my heart, I don't want to disappoint
Well, she probably wants to...
So you say that the charm went away?
Sorry that I'm making you play psychology game, but I really can't say that myself
I've launched the dating app out of pure desperation for love... Why am I scared to pursue the relationship?
Hi, can anyone try to tell me what might be wrong with me?
There is a girl I met on dating app, we've been talking with eachother for more than half a year now, regrettably most of our conversations are erotic in a sense, I like her, just as a friend, not a potential girlfriend, I think she wants me to be some one higher then I want and, being honest, I'd like to pursue that someday. I've been quiet mostly in recent weeks. And grew... To think that she's extremely bored with me, and me, being me, wants to do absolutely nothing to change that.
What's this about?
No worries
I'm as tactfull as a truck
> But what I did notice is that people universally find me difficult to understand
Yeah...
Why is it a concern now?
They were using word "trap" freely for almost two years
Some can get on with the current times, some don't, heck, I bet that our generation might have a similar problem in the future
Parents didn't have the same problems as their children, mainly because before 2000 life was different than now
> My mother complains to me that i don't vent out enough and i keep everything to myself
Personally, last time I vented out, I've been sent by my family to psychologist, which was not pleasant for me nor for them
In account balance
He's in negatives?
> Kinda sad when people on the internet treat you much better than your own family does. 😒
<@530066012242968576> DEAR GOD I RELATE SO MUCH TO THAT
Nothing new Fizzy, nothing new
How did it turned out for them?
Revolutions were a French thing
Which are repeated over and over again
Polish history has a lot of fuck-ups
Nevis talks about "Potop szwedzki"?
Rady, remind me of history, please
With lot's of losses, but we did
But, we survived
Monarch in Poland were idiots at the time
If war breaks out, I wonder where most of the battles would take place
Being in the middle between Germany and Russia is bad...
> Clearly you need the Jamaican national anthem
<@278860841485598720> Don't worry be happy ?
I'll be awfully defensive lol
So shut the heck up
No?
Was your land ever ripped of by three monarchies?
We've been through hell and high water, unlike you
<:ChrisBang:702166093065748500>
Don't bully our land
Sex-ed is insufficient, i had to taught myself everything I know now in that regard, and there are still many things I don't
We'll soon be forbidden to have Any sort of animals
Oh yeah, the Animal Protection
I could share my fat, if I had the possibility to, without large health problems
If there is one thing that grows indefinitely,it is butt
Another riots about police abuse?
I won't look it up, cuz I might understand it wrong, what does it mean?
Spiraling?
> I know this sounds super generic, but have you considered asking a doctor if it's bothering you that much? Worst case scenario is them saying you're a healthy/normal level of horny.
I had a visit in sexuologist, I learned nothing xD
I'm naturally this f'ed up
No
My question answers your question, probably
Am I taking a what now?
I'd love to get an answer to following question:
Why am I so horny all the time? Why can't I stop myself?
Not to brag but I'm truly, and honestly concerned about myself
I don't think I'll ever get the answer to that question
I'm kind of too old to ask "Hey mom, can you tell me why tf am I looking at guy's ass and think 'Hot damn, he kinda hot' and think the same looking at a woman?"
I can't think of being able to speak with my parents about my sexuality, but they are supportive nonetheless,in other ways
You're lucky
The ROCK part
> Just had a conversation with my mom about me being nonbinary, and man, my parents *rock*
What do you mean by that?
I'd be speaking nonsense
I'm glad I'm not informed at all
Is it bad, or good?
I don't get any of these, sorry
> I just get horny when I have nothing to do normally <:MikuShrug:689743224855724095>
Amen, maybe that's why
Living for others, eh? Don't go overboard with that
Why tf, are we discussing politics here?
But the meme president would be gone, but the people decided to keep him
Alright, but real talk, I kinda think that keeping Duda in was mostly to keep 500+
Yours as well
xD
My parents do
I don't
But it's FREE
Which is like NOTHING
FREE MONEYZ
But 500+
And where will you go?
Well, if you like to see the world burn
It would cause some riots
It happened before, right?
Also hug her
Punch your sister, to give you information, not rumors
I'd like to ride a heli, and he jost got it, like nothing
Excuse me?
Brilliant... Now there will be talks that opposition infected the president or something
That's why a whole Poland is red now?
Ha, Duda with a Corona
But?
Getting back to topic, PIS is still going strong, unfortunately
It should give up
PSL is still in these? xD
Dear God
I tried my best at a moment's notice
Translation: I don't know much catholics among my friends. I have one friend who was and is, deeply christian. She's a mother. She works in a sector where is better not to stand up to government. That's her, Today, My Jaw dropped.
What else is new. For the first I'm dealing myself, the second. Try to find at least ONE person
I've had a run in with a thief two days ago
Can you shoot it properly tho?
> Woooo, corona restrictions
<@203444794737950720> Let's go total lockdown <:ElfneinAAA:672437636362665984>
Anything can happen, as Poland shown
That's considering that the world will not go apeshit for 4 years
Not by opposition I'd think
How true is the statement "The moment Trump exists the White House without Presidential status, he'll be immediately arrested and put in jail"?
Was a laugh probably, am I right, dear Americans?
I just found out that he applied
Kayne West for President, lol
Yay?
> Is Todd Howard really someone you want to quote on anything besides prolonging the death of a buggy game?
<@504069701911969803> YES
Oh well, it just works, as Todd Howard once said
If Biden goes through
I've heard from my mother that the visas to travel to USA will be back
A bit clearer, still foggy, but whatever, not quite my country
So it is state related
Don't bother explaining, it just works somehow
I'm no good with politics
Electoral college...?
Majority of votes in state increases this number by one to corresponding dude?
Is it like... Win by state...?
Sorry, but how is this number counted?
I saw the target, but still
Shouldn't he won by majority of votes, though?
Covid is just a mutated flu, at least I heard that from someone
Still, a rival across the road will encourage the first place to actually give a heck, and try to be better, to get more customers
I'm driving guesses here
Healthy rivalry between said pizza places? More people coming around, so that the clients of the first one, sees that there is another place, so they'd check it out?
With enough money they could
As the corona started, my father made it himself, never tried it though, never needed
Clear spiritus with bees litter and honey
I was just talking about propolis in my family
It's too much Gerglish to understand Ikxi
Christ... People are fucking dying, and a fucking government is fucking itself almost constantly. Sorry for F-words, it just hurts to see that people are risking their health to prove some point
I'm sorry I shared my little tragedy here, if you're mad about it. I'm sorry to make you feel bad.
My mother must do it alone
I-I... Tried... To not worry him by thinking about him all the time, I've had hope he'll pull through, but I would went mad if I were focusing on thinking about his recovery, like my mother did... I won't be able to bury him...
11th of December 2020... 2:30 AM cest... My father died... What... Why...
He's dead... My father died in his sleep... Around 2:30 am ECST...
I'm sorry, if I'll be having breakdowns...
That's an awful way to go
Marek in Polish, for you it should be Mark
We can't.
We couldn't say goodbye
That's a small relief
He doesn't feel any of this...
Blood clots all around the body...
My father is dying...
It may sound as a very peculiar judgement off of me, but... I have my reasons
Gosh... Can't they focus on... I don't know... Curing the virus? They can measure their dicks after the people are at least secured.
It's like, a popular platform
Cool
But what does that mean for you?
I'm sorry for venting here...
I just want to point out that it's really hard for me to consider a happy life... It seems like everything lately is very much against me... I might just exaggerate from tiredness from all this.
Not only I'm bothered by lack of my father sometimes, I'm also too lazy to stop being lazy to do something about myself. And here I am, struggling to live, I'm starting to think that everything would turn out much, much better if I ended up dead. I have nothing to my name, and a very few Friends who would actually miss me. Furthermore without me, my family would lose only an annoyance. A useless piece of garbage.
Sometimes I wish it was me who was taken... As mentioned far above
That's all I could really do
I'm doing my best.
He wouldn't have wanted that
The most thing I could do is to not mourn him directly.
Don't be. That's just life.
I'm driving to mass for him
It's been a month now.
That's better than some cases I see here
Well... My father died in hospital.
Well, yeah, I really don't like bringing up the discussions at all.
I'm living my life even as the worst piece of garbage ever. But alive, and with hope to survive another day
Aw, shoot... I feel like I've made this discussion happen... I am truly sorry, for me, I'm trying to do anything that doesn't revolve around thinking about my situation. It is bad, but I'm trying not to think about it.
But sure. I can do that
I still have to repeat the current semester.
Should I even bother trying to continue, and pray that in time I'd find a willpower to pursue the degree? Or just give up?
Hey there, I've got nothing new, but I'd like your opinion anyway. So I've been doing my best for Engineer degree, however for about a year I've been barely pulling myself. However recent events, mostly my father's passing, has driven me to a point where I don't have any motivation to continue despite all family going "Come on, you can do it,do it, so no money is wasted". I'm just lazy. I can't do it. I won't do it.
I shouldn't opened my mouth...
I'm, super ashamed of myself...
I'm... So sorry.
Yet I know nothing z about anything
At my age, I'm supposed to know everything
That leads to stupid conclusions
I'm unaware of most of the world
I'm sorry for sparking this weird discussion...
You think
So much so, that french are  now mostly Islamic
Islam was oppressed religion, it however grow strong recently
I may be bi
I can't say at this point
To not hold it longer.
I just wanted to get that fear out.
Sorry.
It's stupid of me to question myself when I jokingly looked at a man's butt...
I'm scared of these extremes...
But I see those extreme trans examples...
Which I don't honestly believe
And with all that talk that trans are bad...
Because I don't get why they choose this way of life
I'm not considering myself as a trans, however I've began to fear such people.
However, one thought sparked another
People do whatever they want
I'm tolerant about all this stuff
Prolonged contact.
I'm afraid I don't understand
And most of the critic is about not doing things "manly"
I'm very critical about myself
I've made contact with a few trans people in recent years.
I'm... Scared of trans people, if any of you are offended, I'm sorry.
This recent influx of trans people made me begin to think about my own sexuality. And how do I feel about myself...
Lately I've began to question myself...
Let the high above allow her to be happy with herself
That's good...
I... Don't know if anything
I'm not doing either. I don't feel like it.
Don't give me too much attention here. I'll get better in time. Don't bother yourself with me. I'm sure you have more important matters to attend to now. Or your own problems.
And I'll be bothering so many people with myself.
It's too much of a hassle
I don't want to.
You can't give me a reason to live.
You can't get me a job
You can't find me my significant other.
You can't help me...
I have to do it myself...
My current situation is too much for me to handle.
I'm unmotivated to do anything, I'd like to die, and not bother anyone by my presence.
I'm constantly tired, I get easily annoyed, and get very verbal, very quickly.
I just cried.
I think I have a serious depression...
I, uh... I don't want to do anything in my life. I constantly feel like a piece of shit. And I behave like one. And I am too lazy to do anything about it.
Sure, talking to a guy that knows shit about me, may help me, especially when I know shit about myself, and I have to pay 200 pln each visit for an hour of trying to force myself to speak openly about things I was told numerous times to NOT talk about
No need for doctors, medicine, and throwing money into the mud.
As I said. I'll be okay when I get any kind of job, stop thinking about nonsense, and finally try to live a boring life.
There are enough problems in my family as it is. No need to throw another to the pile.
Even when I sound that I don't
I truly appreciate it.
I really wish I could answer that...
After somebody sees me, I... Just stop
That's a good question, which I can't answer
Because they'll try to help, and make it worse for me.
I can't get anyone to notice something is wrong, or I'm trying to do something...
A good advice but not very subtle
That's...
We have enough problems as it is.
I guess I do have a depression. But I can't tell anyone.
By that I mean, I'm waiting for something impossible
A fucking Lotto win, or Golden ticket, whatever
To put an end to my misery
Still believing in one miracle
But I'm too stupid to kill myself
Won't be a bother to anyone that way.
"Hey mom, is it normal in growing up, that I feel.like shit?"
"Then do something about it, to not feel like that"
...
Yeah. I can kill myself.
Or me, in that regard
Just to squeeze the money out of my parents
They'll take my money and tell me nothing.
Just shut the fuck up, and take everything.
I'll be good once I'll stop thinking about it.
I agree, but also disagree. Too expensive. Also
"You don't need any help, just get a job! You're thinking too much!"
Are you any better, rady, since you're a month older?
But tell me, how the fuck does it look.
A grown 22 yo man is asking questions about how the fucking world works. At my fucking age I'm supposed to know all that. And yet here I am. Ashamed of myself, and too anxiety driven to ask. Also in fear of misinformation, and bad understanding.
It wasn't a joke.
I'm, sorry, I'm so freaking stupid... By asking such questions...
I'm in no condition to learn
I shouldn't even ask...
And is a part of me for all eternity
But who i was shaped the man I am now.
I've been a fucking leech all my life
I can't erase the past.
And I'm in no power to change myself.
I hate myself, and everything that I am.
Just so I can start even remotely liking myself?
Throw a thousands of PLNs away, that could be used to pay off the bank?
Oh yeah, and then what?
"You're the worst piece of shit. But you'll live."
"LIVE, YOU FUCKING IDIOT."
I've had enough speaking about my problems to which a solution is pretty simple.
That's cool. You had no ability to know that.
I've slept enough throughout the day.
Oh yeah. I forgot that I'm fucking proud of myself, and I won't accept any help because I **think** I know it just won't work. Man, I wish I'd killed myself all those years ago...
That'll keep me out of thinking nonsense.
Precise, and doable goal.
I just need a goal.
I'm sure they at least know what your feelings are
Collect yourself
First of all, calm down
Just, not romantically
You can still talk to this person. And continue relation
Happens to all of us. For now, try not to think too much about it
Some trashman journalist has no right to call any dog Trash
I'd pet the shit put of this good boy. Look at him.
I don't like these sorts of theories though
Idk. Maybe they want to stop your heart on demand. I don't know
Depression is getting far stronger in these trying times. Pandemic seems to be far from over. And sometime in the future either, all will die. Or government will keep tabs on everyone via vaccines, or something
At least, that's my opinion.
Intercourse at this ages is not really an issue. Maybe if the girl ended up pregnant.
Teachers not getting that you require more time on home learning, because of other chores?
Teachers being too demanding?
So. What's up?
These clots are nasty
Yes
Especially not from a freaking flu
However adding to general weakness of human immune system, and organism as a whole. These clots can turn lethal
Blood clots are microscopic
My father died to these.
They can argue all they want once people stop dying
It would be nice if they concentrated on covid, not showing off their dick sizes
Ah yes. I've said it before. Back in December.
Ah.
Freeze peach?
We're seriously discussing knives
I don't know. Work stress? She was working while pregnant.
I was at home during the entire pregnancy. My mother wasn't drinking, smoking, doing risky stuff. And my father stayed away when he smoked
It's just a thought that crosses my mind from time to time thinking about my autistic little brother
What changed in the world so much that children born around 2015 have seemingly more problems mentioned earlier?
Hey, uh. I have a really serious question.
I am wondering for a while now. Why are the children being born with so many health/mental problems?
I'm done. Thanks for listening
Your fight won't go for too long if you dwindle to nothing by an illness
That's why I'm not against the protests. But I'd love them to suck it up a little longer, since they held it for so long. And work on salvation from this distaster that 2020 was.
But giving the outbreak, the first thought that comes to mind is. "New Pandemic wave incoming"
And I admire their courage to stand United and fight against it.
There are people who are trying to survive.
Or as I like to say. They show off how big their dicks are.
Even now. The governments are jumping to eachothers throats...
Ease the tensions between countries? Hah. No
Fix the unemployment? Ways to go
If it was supposed to fix overpopulation. Well done
Whatever is behind this outbreak. It's probably dead now
I'm sorry. I'm done ranting. Continue on.
If it's something created on the high seats?
So why were we targeted?
We never protested. Even once. We were quiet. Not involved in any conspiracies, and some weird shit.
Wait...
Okay. But our family have lost like most of our income. In that case we now struggle to live.
But for those levels of conspiracy, the bonkers must have hit real hard
I'm sorry. I was strung on a wrong note there. I can understand that people can go fucking bonkers when indoors for too long...
He'd be able to work for 20 more years
Young by worker standard. He'd be working the same amount he already did
And some people lost their heart of income to allow them to live
Well. Shit. Homeless are still standing strong
A way to get rid of unemployment?
And even younger People are dying
46 is young
He was YOUNG
Oh no, conspiracy theory. If they wanted to kill off the old. Then WHY IN THE FLYING FUCK WAS MY FUCKING FATHER INVOLVED
Ah cover-ups. How sad.
And then himself
Because if he gets mad. He'll start killing EVERYONE
Why do you never give a gun to a Pole?
It's stronger tham us
We are quick to swear
Iski, but the Poles are known for their trigger finger swears
I still wonder how we survived to this day
Yeah. Our country is pretty fucking stupid
But those in my home
Not all of them, ofc
I'm starting to feel like I'm the cause of these problems...
That's really extreme example. Sorry
And in turn. Makes children aware that they are different, resulting in more... I don't know... Risky behaviour, just because they can do that without punishment?
Doesn't that... Amplify the feeling for being different than the others?
In that case let's say that parent will take the child for some special schools, or therapy
Maybe. Then diagnosis makes people aware
Human relations are painful subject. One I'm most interested in and know absolutely nothing about
I kinda wish I wasn't, because I'm mad at myself for saying such things
That's the implication I was subjected to. Unfortunately
I hate these "When will you get your shit together and find a girl" talks
Or maybe it's just me who gets yelled at for not even looking
It is said that love will find it's way, and to not rush. But you know the best how everyone is treating you.
One of those factors are also if you're willing to even start looking, my dude
That is true
With time people tends to see the bad in their choice
Alright, enough. Back to topic. The first impression of a person is unfortunately mostly physical
Some changes occured. But only some
I won't repeat myself from few months back
That's nothing new. But back to topic.
I'm under Impression that "One can't love the other. If one doesn't love oneself" and I fucking hate myself, as stated few months back
It do be, like this
I feel like I'm annoying to these People.
Eh. Happens
Not because I'm really bad. But they just don't want to
Most of the people I was interested in, wants no relationship
But man. Never rushing these things ever again
I've done a fast going relationship once. Lasted 3 years, and we're still friends
My very underdeveloped one, at that
Indeed. That's why I said that it is just my opinion
But hey. It's just my opinion
Intellectual attraction? Unfortunately many cases of marriage and divorce shows that people only go for looks
At least that's my take on the matter. And it might be totally bullshit
Not quite. At first you're like "Hey. I'd like to know more about that person." Then it develops into "I might want to fluff this person to know him/her better"
It was an irony
Sure.
The relationship will be long and lasting from the get-go
Yeah, sure. Love of my life will just appear, and I have nothing else to work on towards
Another side of this coin is "Nah. Don't bother, it'll come on it's own"
And I'm expected to behave like a "man"
Even now. I'm the only man in my home
Expectations... Ffs, these are the worst
Previous. I don't think...
Current generation is the one that's mostly open
I also understand that if these people talk to parents, they would be laughed at, and not acknowledged
At least that's what I see lately
But not with parents
They do talk about it but not in the open, over internet
Well. "Can" is a bit of a strong word.
I have a feeling that I'm making so many people angry right now...
I have nothing against this. But the self discovery can be a bit tricky
I'm thinking about this "saying who they are" as: I see a young kid trying to look for answers to same question. And saying "I'm not straight male/female, I'm kinda this and that"
Who they are. I see this as a statement "I kinda know, yet not fully"
I'm truly sorry if I sound like I was raised in a bubble
Please don't shout at me. Because I really am trying to understand. What's with this upswing in LGBT? What happened to people that they started questioning their sexuality, and started to fight over their rights which are basically the same as normal people
And people are complaining about having to lie in their reports which is chargable
General Census is on
Oh. And LGBT+ folks are going riot over here
Johnson& Johnson vaccines
Whatever that would mean for us
Apparently J&Js is coming to Poland a week earlier than anticipated
99 years, holy cow
I just typed it in General
Even if the gains would come if they lower their expectations a little
Every investor wants to have most gains
<:YumiPoint:688429724103344164>
Just like GPU's <:MikuDelete:661660028410920990>
Faster interesants?
TO WHO!?
In Poland they fuck up royally
Construction workers take up a decent sum for a job well done
Everything is getting more expensive, and people are earning less
MONEYZ
Now it's Hardcore
In Poland? Peaceful
Yeah...
That's really nuts
No idea. My mother had me when she was 17 years old
It's hard to live without parental help...
Because I felt bad around them. Nothing to talk about. Only drinking helped a little.
For like a few years
Well, I'd love to move away from my home and family
Probably not. But we worked it out
Through my entire life I've been thinking if I am the son my currently deceased father wanted me to be
Whatever that means
The FOUNDING countries
Germans, and French. No Brits
Inside wars lul
We're always at war
Cuz we're not taking Euro
Being European means what exactly?
Just because Politics are showing off their dicks
Well shit. I like how my country is the subject known for most shittiest of situations
And since we have an abundance of these. They will be forced on to people
Well we're bitching about AstraZeneca
To be able to breathe again
However I'd love to see Poland's restrictions lifted.
It is too good of a political weapon to end it just like that
So. Do you think that the Pandemic is nearly ending?
Back to politics it is
Aww. Would seriously discuss some nice drawings
Wrong chat?
What happened?
That's really cool to keep the memory of Katyń alive
We just were there for the taking
We never had much choice
Yeah.
Because oops, bombs went too far
I see a fucking war incoming. And a fucking Poland taking the "Casualty damage to economy"
There are Tensions between Russia and Ukraine
Let's not discuss how stupid our country is. We already know it
Kerrik
What do you mean?
We're being replaced by Ukraine low wage
Poles in actual Poland, but who gives a fuck?
Sorry, that's how I see it
And "OH GOD, THE MINORITIES HAVE IT SO BAD IN AMERICA"
Elon Musk coming in hot just at the right time
How's J&J's working in America?
There is no guarantee that we won't be tricked, just to get rid of Astra
Even though the various vaccines are coming in
Either Astra, or nothing
I can't understand it.
Still. Why?
I'd assume thet the lady started, the dude just vented
I can't believe that whites are so aggressive towards any other people...
Ehh... Why tf, are people like that...
And my so called "patience" shrunk
I used to be very patient in the past, always hiding it within me. But lately I've been expressing myself more, with no fear, to a point of being abrasive
Myself
Does anyone here, have a homemade solutions to short fuse, and huge rage-quits? Sorry for breaking up the subject
Only to pick up again after letting some other ages go.
It is dying down
Hmmm. I don't see this kinds.of stuff in Polish newspapers, then again, I don't read newspapers
Hello. I'm sorry for ranting over here once again.
I'd like to vent myself a bit. Lately I've been feeling terribly down, and came to realize that, I'm actually worthless...
I can't do any task given to me properly. I've been building a PC for my uncle, which I gave up upon. Because motherboard wasn't running. And I tried everything I could to check it. To no avail...
Yesterday while driving to work by car I almost caused an accident. Few days ago I've been told directly "What the fuck are you good at? Nothing. You're lazy" and after thinking about it. I do agree.
I am lazy. I am living in another world of my own. I am too lazy to change my way of living. So now I'm venting in international fandom server, like a ||*~~pussy~~*||, and praying that I die somewhere in near future. Because I do feel worthless.

Thanks for reading my rant.
Ah. Yes. Tiktoks
Not hard enough <:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025> Still close your eyes, keep them closed for as long as you can
Dang. Now I'm excited <:KirikaAnger:664192495109931028>
Remind yourself that you've gotta pay more for it
Understandable
Try it
No real talk
<:pepeGun:695533780995407953>
Untill you're tired
Keep them up
Put your hands up
Or watch a movie
Try to exhaust yourself
How bad?
Oh my
How others live? Sorry can't answer that.
I can only answer for myself. I live in complete lack of knowledge of the world outside the regions I need to know in my job etc. And I'm carrying it on until I'll be forced to change, or die
Because no way in hell we'll let PO take the seat again
So now what. Are we gonna have anarchy?
What the fuck
Sorry, that's all. Thank you for your time
Sorry for cutting from discussion, I just want to vent my frustration over me feeling extremely lonely lately. Why is it so hard to find a significant Other? I feel like whatever I'm doing, it's never enough, and wherever I've done is either uninteresting, boring as hell, or very weird for another person
Some people say that Poles are the troublemakers, look how the tables have turned
Unless those were blanks
Why did they even used actual guns in film production?
Concentrate on the worst, possibly?
Sorry to cut out in the Middle of subject. I just wanted to thank you all. It has been a year already since my father passed, and you all have been an awesome help, even if you didn't help, thank you for being awesome in this awesome community. Cheers to all of you.
If he pick up all the stuff he left in Ukraine during last wars, he'd be ready to take on whole Union
Yeah, I don't want to keep in check with reality. Let me go back to my cave
So I'm allowed to not know shit.
No TV, avoids Radio
I'm not at all interested in politics, and I have no source of news.
Or is it pending to join?
I was under impression that Ukraine is in EU
Just because he can.
And after Ukraine he'll jump Poland.
Can't they just like. Fight somewhere else against eachother, duke it out, and leave Ukraine and Poland Alone? Thanks
Well, I guess we just have to wait and see how far will the old man Swing
So Ukrainians are at war. Ehh... World's going to shit
If they won't. There will be war.
What could the message be?
So, what are the actual decisions made? I'm trying to listen in, but can you give me a tldr, of the actual things that wil be done?
Poor Russian Civilians... They are hurting because of their President, and they can't do anything about it, because they risk their lives.
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
I feel like commiting into this series.
Oh God. So long shipping...
<:VanessaSmug:689395769199165447>
Dirt cheap
17 pln on Polish shop
Haven't bought any manga in a long while...
20-40 pln in Poland
<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
And Shipping
Times five it's 65 pln
13 Dollars!?
I don't follow it.
<:KirikaAnger:497114266923696158>
Tf, do we now?
Would like to see how side characters develop
As for now, it's a pretty good show
I'll look into Polish translations soon.
If it'll be translated, might buy it
Isn't Manga ending soon?
I can relate to Main Character
I really like it. It's pretty good in my book. Even though it's a heavy romance.
I've been watching Horimiya lately  anyone would like to share opinions about it with me?
I wouldn't last much longer myself xD
Less porn, more plot
I'll wait for second season xD
I mean. Yeah.
Keyaru whilst a girl is scary as fuck xD
I was a bit concerned when Blade was tried.
Yeah
I liked the story, with exception of so much sex.
And despite it being barely anime, not hentai. It was a pretty good show
I watched Redo of The Healer.
~~If it ever was original~~
The remake itself is not bad, but I kinda got used to original
Lately I've heard a remake of Breaking Benjamin's Dear Agony, I haven't looked at the band, but I figured it was Skillet, can anyone tell me if I'm correct?
But I seem to be unable to remember, still, a good song to listen to
I found this while relistening to my favourites on YouTube, and was reminded of how I grew to love this one.
https://youtu.be/DxyYs0avghw
https://youtu.be/17IZjvr5c1I
