hello
but i dont want to
maybe
thats the place where i got called a whore
the discord
its called Harasho
oh wait im talking about something else
lmao
im shocked that you peopel know about that lol
lmao
i think we'll be fine
so
i mean you cant be as bad as the last symphogear discord where one guy called me a w**re for saying stop being rude
rip
i just couldnt see it
i was shocked when i thought the subreddit didnt have their own discord
glad i found this one
damn you right
lol really? its not that hard
they saw it, and ran as fast as they could
ok, who showed them the seroius discusstion channel
Well gn
Oh
Neat
Oh hey same time zone
Sleep
Boooooo
I will
Thanks
https://media.tenor.com/IUFa8k1XckwAAAAM/writethatdown.gif
i want the new episode of mecuray witch to come out
new episode come out already !
cuuuuute
The cutest terrorist
Mmmmm hibiki ass
Good puppy
https://twitter.com/taliruq_/status/1536846439019597824?s=20
Lmao yeah
Lol it be the size of the moon then
Ok but like almost being the key word there
Terrifying
<:ShirabeDrool:688429716557791326>
Also abs
Why hibiki tits so big
Geez their so cute
Sad
https://twitter.com/Hina_Yukitsuba/status/1608427584492306432?s=20
Anyway we should talk in general and not for art
Weird that the friendly server is a pokemon porn server it's funny but weirdly sweet lol
That's a big oof
Nice
If their not assholes
I find that is the best way to make conversation
Just jump in when a conversation is happening
Nah you'll be fine lol
You should interact with the community, I find them very fun usually
Hey not all trans people are horny ~~just 99%~~
Join a porn server, unironcially one of the friendliest people I've met there
I'm talking completely seriously
Oof
they egg me on lol
i  blame all my friends for being horny with me
I'm literally horny or tired ALL the time
bro
thats why im saying come out already
A job well done
nice violet evergarden


Well that's cool to know
Mmm silver hair girls
https://twitter.com/lordyanyu/status/1611046272508776448?s=20&t=NDrxisMMz_WtK7bVFaK26Q
Basically it shows her how her friends have all fought her in the past and basically says "they deserve to die" and corrupts her to try and kill her friends
I think? But In the fanfic it is a godly creature
Lots of action and good character development for Miku and even saint Germain
There's actually a really good fanfic of hibiki getting taken over by the god at the end of season 4, it was good shit.
That's actually just hibikis Halloween costume
https://tenor.com/view/star-wars-cringe-dies-from-cringe-meme-star-wars-meme-gif-22116997
CUTE
https://twitter.com/vergilswarrior/status/1611364564729315330?s=20&t=JGUH1XtFs8QBRNuAbMRhkg
https://twitter.com/suzuneko0423/status/1611230448365240322?s=20&t=mBsUNthosiacRIbB-iKnFA loli
Damn you Japanese why you so hard to read
Damn that's detailed
this sword isnt just cute, but man, is she REALLY CUTE
https://tenor.com/view/keemstar-im-fast-as-fuck-boi-keemstar-run-running-fast-gif-18083431
I WANT IT TO BE OUT
GOD DAMMINT
IS IT OUT
Mmmmm muscular

That's too funny man
Lol is just the developers are VERY horny
Bruh
But hey if it's good I might try it one day
I mean I'd hope it is that comes first honestly
Ooooo
Like they CLEARLY show what their game is full of, and honestly I respect that
So unapologetically into Loli it's just fun lmao
But I love them
No idea
That does not prove all right wingers like the gays to die
It's cool das
If you want to make a big jugment like this you're gonna have to prove it to me
Like
Your sources Sapphire?
Why the fuck is everyone getting on me when I say people probably don't want to see other people being killed?
Well see thats a big difference from right wingers
Sure ok
Your source:trust me bro
Calm down man, I'm sure the majority of right wingers don't want to kill trans people
Also yeah this is just a bill we're acting like it came into affect tho
As people aren't able to transition as easy
Maybe passively hurting
.....how? I mean it's definitely an unnecessary gateway, but I don't see it actively hueting
Well I don't know about the scarring someone's body, if what you said about hormonal and how less effective you are, I think this law seems very misguided
Almost is probably a key word there
Whyyyyyyyy?
That makes more sense
No way we're are THAT accurate that it's one percent lol
I doubt that but ok
Which you know is good in the aspect of you don't want to falsely think you are transgender, just to realize later on you're not
They just put it when the brain has stopped developing
So no need to worry about it
Ok
Oh yeah
I'm surprised it's over 26, maybe thats the age when your brain stops maturing?
Probably
We'll be fiiiiiiinnnneee
I just don't like talking politics
Jesus Christ dude fuck off
I made the bad decision of giving one more look
Hearing you say that makes me question to leave this discord honestly. Cause making fun of people means you want to kill people ok
Jesus Christ
Ok then sure
Not a hard thing to wrap your head around lol
Now I'm choosing not too
Yeah
Have fun everyone
Meh whatever whenever I talk about these types of politics my brain starts to hurt honestly. And since getting kicked off Twitter was the best thing that happened to me since I no longer have to see politics 24 7 Im going to continue this trend my not interacting with politics anymore
Well damn sapphire was that not at ALL well stated lol
Sapphire calm down
What
Just seems like come on
Like saying every leftist is a commie or every rightist is a Nazi or something
It's just seems so weird to group everyone in a certain as the most extreme part of that group
Well as long we can all agree that no most republican don't want to hurt the gays, they can be Republicans for other reason
People like you melua<:GermainAngry:689199996653928451>
Please I don't want people @ing me anymore that's why I keep coming back here cause people keep @ing me
Oh my god how do I make sure I don't get notifications from this channel again
I'm going to slee
I would argue the logistics of how probably it is for him to survive that but is 1 am
....
What
He used it multiple times to his advantage
Nagito in super daganronoa 2 was fucking obsessed with his luck
Well that's a theory and doesn't really relate to the show, but if they wanted luck to be a part of his kit, then they could have made it workes
Nice
Oh ok, but again, I don't think they portrayed well, even if that's what you got from it, cause it really felt like she just ditches them
Oh ok that makes sense, tho I don't think they portray that well in the anime
attire? Shit you can see what I'm wearing?!
Any way I take offense to the "even when faced with multiple people disagreeing" ,so like what am I supposed to do with them agreeing with me. Ok they like the ending.....and? I don't know how that affects what I think of the ending
THAT was my opinion
That's not what I was referring to
Ok fair
What? I'm not declaring my opinion, I'm stating what happens in the anime
You can pin that shit I stay true to that
I like gays
I might read the ln lol
Oooooooo
Good for you, still shit tho honestly
And the ending where the green hair guy ||"exposed" the try of lycoris is so bs. Like come on they can easily explain it as guy got too much power and he thought girls in school uniforms were crazy. That one girl with a gun? Under cover cop. Boom whole operation done. Also how the fuck did he not die from the fall? He should be at least never able to walk much less live. AND WHY THE FUCK DID CHISATO LEAVE AND GO INTO HIDING . Like fuck you bitch you're not gonna say anything to the people that care for you?!||
Where it's just like, it makes no sense not ||to fucking kill him, and chisato keeping him alive really makes no sense for he did to her. Hell if I was takina I'd beat her ass for trying to die, then kill them both||
It was until the end
Like holy shit ||just kill him||
That grinded my gears
God
I do hope it's better than LR tho the whole thing was ok until the end
Is it out already?
Guess I'll watch the anime instead lol
Welp
I was just gonna read the manga on that
Wow
What's the title again
Hopefully it's good
Yeah
I LOVE YURI
AAAAAAYURI
YURI
How dare you hurt that train
Fucking TRAINS
but still the first sen is funny
but then i read the rest
like duh no wonder he wants to be against rape
i was so confused on your first sentence lmao
Lol
Kissable
Bocchi
YOOOOO
I never saw it so
*gasp*
...ok? And? Still sound bad lol
Sounds pretty bad
That's uh
Uhhhh yeah
I love Yuri
Some times it's so obvious you'd think you would stop if you don't like it?
Even then
But like
Which is a little weird that they can do almost any thing a couple can do but once they say gay people stop buying it. Maybe thier like "oh Im not interested in it cause I have vauge idea of what this might contain and it's not for me"
That's true, but is bocchi really the type to talk about cute guys lol
Well she does mostly interact with women.  Hard to make a comment on guys when their are no guys lol
Look if their not getting married it's bait
Yeah thought you were responding to is bocchi gay
Sorry for the misunderstanding
Ok
Ooooo
Like wow was it just *unnecessary daram* in book form
At least the manga
Also probably unpopular opinion but I really hate citrus
I'd really like to know how you know the character is gay? Nothing in the show at least leads me to think that
I think I saw some of his persona 4 videos which were meh
Poor girl is to busy being a puddle to be attracted to any one
At least there's nothing pointing to that direction
I don't really think bocchi is gay
But people ship her with bocchi instead of ryo since they have more of a chemistry
Kita is definitely big gay
Automata was such a good game
Man
I do want
Very cute
Hopefully it's not but now I don't have my hopes up high
Well anyway I will be the judge if it is bad
Sorry forgot what channel we were in lol
Oh ok
Oh wait are you talking about the anime or the game
Just wrong holy shit
That's
Wow wtf
good times
good times
man
man remember when media was good
9s is adorable why do people hate him so much
To utilize the chip system
If you were struggling s bit try doing some side quests
What are you talking about the damage was fine
The damage?
Seriously I have no idea why people stop just because of the hacking game, like its the only way to attack or something
Just attack them
And I was able to play the game easy
I never used it
Oh my god
Then don't use it
It's really not that bad
No it's not
You're not even halfway done
Play the game
Dude
I cried during the fucking credits man
they fucking cute bro
man
https://tenor.com/view/so-it-begins-raining-rainy-day-th%C3%A9oden-lord-of-the-rings-gif-16521230
oh no
Finally
YES
Great manga
You read that too
Heeey
~~kick her harder~~
its good, i didnt like the ending tho
https://tenor.com/view/quite-small-blowfish-jerry-seinfeld23hours-to-kill-tiny-really-small-gif-17054250
tiny
omg but thats gay
its a lot of set up tho
i mean it kinda did happen?
No better die or I WILL be sad
that doesnt sound good
rot away?
damn thats fucking gay
lolis make everything ok
https://youtu.be/cAqaEAG37wU
I know in kanji the characters mean something else, but I like the idea of hibiki saying "Knock Out :D"
damn 90s style anime
<:KanadeBleh:672455306059579392>
why did i read that as "OH SHIT A FEMALE" my brain is so dumb
