
So ... I can post about my Dark Decade World here
Kamen Rider Fuzor MagnumFenrir
Kamen Rider Fuzor Magnum Halfbody
<@!154722817412300800>  Ver become a hero ... what an interesting thought
Uh ... how about my question
I wonder what will happen if someone give this harmless little toy to Ver
Because 40k is full of child-friendly fun
Yes ... Sailor Moon is Chaos ... and being a Yuri will turn you into Deamon
Kamen Rider, Wuxia, Nanoha (The enemy), and Sailor Moon ( Chaos)
So ... do giving Ver the title of God Emperor and turning him into Papa Ver (as in Papa Nurgle) a good idea
His "recruit" will be kidnapped Magical Girl
And his army is a parody of Death Guard
Shinehammer 40k ... a parody of mine

In that verse basically Ver become a God Emperor
Theoretically, I want to give Ver a multiverse to rule over and the title of God Emperor

And a supply of young adolescence girl 

A cache contain knownledge about Nurgle and Death Guard
Will God Emperor Ver be a good idea
I wonder what is Genjuro reaction to Bixie Jiangfa
So .... SWORD vs Nine Sword Of Loneliness
So ... she an expert in Japanese Swordplay
What name should i use to called the style of swordplay Tsubasa of using.
I like Wuxia alot,
The Five Great do exist in my version of Jianghu however.
Southern Emperor isn't Yideng,
https://symphogear-fanon.wikia.com/wiki/Jiuyin_Zhenjing

Can two book be a relics ?
Well I just wonder whether or not his skill reach Wuxia level
How great is Genjuro martial art skill
Will Ver hero-worshipping a Kamen Rider
Well shit ... what is Ver end goal
Ver really think he a savior
That guy came from Mid-Childna, a place invaded by a guy known by them as God Emperor Zi-O, and they lost. He lost everything in the fight, so he came to the past in order to try and stop Zi-O from being a thing.

He hate humanity because Humanity at his time worshipped Zi-O so to him Humanity is not worth saving. The only thing that make him fight noise it that it grant him literally EXP
What will the Symphogear crew react to a guy come from a future and claim he a savior ... then he act like a total asshole and murdering civillian
Theoretically 

If I learn the Nine Sword Of Dugu and have the same physical strenght with Tsubasa

Can I beat her in a sword fight
https://symphogear-fanon.fandom.com/wiki/God_Emperors_Vercingetorix

Yes ... Ver Hero Of The Imperium
Ver The Sigillite ... how does that sound
That thing ... 

Sure ... Papa Ver would love it
What is a Nephilim
He is one of the God Emperors, there are many God Emperors and typically all races who are not classified as Xeno Scum have one
He is not a villain 

He is one of the protagonist ...
Ver Diend = An army of Kamen Rider that doing his bidding
The notable thing about Diend is that he can summon other Rider
What if Ver become Diend
So what if Ver become a Kamen Rider
My question is  ... if a Kamen Rider appear and basically act like Ver

Will he hero-worship that guy.
I just found out after reading a ton of Wuxia novel that Ame No Habakiri has a whole sword style named after it
And that meant the cast can't punch him in the face easily anymore.
Apparently Fudo can use Barrier now ...
Is hetero ship welcomed here
My "girlfriend" homophobe parent almost ruin our relationship
Trans-phobia and Homophobe should go to hell.
Each Season is only 25 Episode long
Gundam 00
Gundam
