<:ShirabeJoy:672105345316814878>
i'm not sure how much help i'll be, but i'd like to try
i haven't gotten one since the last update.  i can't remember if i did or not earlier this week
sometimes it'll give me highest dmg bonus when i did lowest dmg.  might have bugged out for you?
do you have friend spaces free, spicedog?
you can't use skills while switching songs, so...
i think he was saying refills = brute force
i think if it's mutual you get more friendship points when using?  other than that i don't really understand the sytem
freed up some spots
on it
i have one up
that's what i'm doing with Body, ship.  just tagging a bunch and hoping they get finished
i need the gigas, but i don't do any dmg
if by farming, you mean tagging every body i see, yes
i purged my list just now
yes, iroha
to be fair, i got the 3, 5, and 1 correct.  just added a 0 after each
ah,  haz knows better ❤️
?  10% dmg for min contribution prize, 50% for best contribution prize
need 10%, 30% or 50% iirc
if you get contribution, yes
retreat counts as participating?
i'm same as you kaelinn
takes a bit, but doable
worst-case, have two healers and a dps
i gtg, won't be able to open anything else, sorry
my body is up
lemme finish this easy fight
want me to dump my bodies, matsuda?
maybe even the aot event chris
you should have mdp
no, i stopped playing the game a few years ago.  consumed my life
ty kaelinn
grind blue fantasy
so you can't just reroll, need to put in some work?
isn't that why they would set the trade to be at level 50 or clearing chapter 3?
nepsiac:  my normal nickname, symphogear xd said it had bad words in, so they wouldn't let me use it
do i need to be following you?
you'll get 'em
💳
i got 7 of aot biki trying to get aot tsubasa
i'm worried i'll get kanade mlb...
what does xd tsubasa need?
using game terminalogy, i won't contribute, but i'll participate
would i need a memoria for humanoid alca-noise or something?
how do you know what a crawl noise is?  wanting to know if it'd be helpful in raids
yes
speaking of, can i get some B cleared?  it's a bit of a pain getting 3% then waiting for it to go away
welp, i guess i'll be doing story the rest of the day
i used the extra exp before lvl 50, used my levels to gain the stamina to do ep 3
both
doesn't let you browse all, have to keep refreshing.  it's a bit weird.
wow, i don't see 'em
gold i use iroha's jii
ah, story.  i guess i can try that.  ty
where do you get the exp to level up people?
i think only nat 5* increase stats by a lot going to 6*
tsubasa uses sword
rip
i was able to get enough free gems to 11 pull for guaranteed...
i'm only barely able to do 3% using 25 cp.  body is rough
i'm still working on body for the tsubasa i have.  a bit stubborn to switch to heart atm
it's slow but consistent, her + healers
gold + enhancement dailies
iroha, ty for your revive jii
mlb burnbasa is 35% heal + burn.  base jii is 30% heal + poison
counter-point: this isn't jp
ok, sorry.  i got her on my first 11 pull x.x
extra clarification:  the h tsubasa from event kanade+tsubasa banner?
is "blue fash destroyer" tsubasa's xd?
i'm out after this one.  ty for runs
