oh, hello all. I'm generally active on Twitter: @.RealCruiser and I live somewhere in GMT +7
*insert jokes about traditional Arabs here*
Djinn Chris-Serena-Shirabe is...blyatiful
we all know Chris is one hell of an otaku for this Utazukin
https://twitter.com/shiopysan/status/1025727555330924546
Idolmaster's Haru Yuuki??
ay...blyat....SHINC plus LFPM
although Chris sure eats a lot and most of the calories and nutrients are stored in the boobs and the brain, we all know how smart she can get
spaget, das ist kanone
https://twitter.com/Oo793oO/status/1192925155304988672
including XDU, Serena. Otherwise, Shirabe (Shirabe is 152cm while Zenbu 153)
Chris/Shirabe would be even more drastic as either are barely 5 feet tall
https://twitter.com/gorigorira_jun/status/1214909051076669442
if it's still in JP, I say some careful Google-Translate-fu could do
me neither, even AU Kirika was short-haired, LTIC
kay, dat docile floofy Zenboobs
Hmm...the AU characters are mixed together, no?
https://twitter.com/kensuke_illust/status/1411285998667849732?s=09
Given that we're dealing with December-January timeframe, I'm betting that every student wielder is stretched thin (particularly Chris as she's about to graduate) by exam preps
At least, that's how Japanese TV scheduling works: if you start the show at 3 am on Jul 1, the scheduling will say, "Jun 30 27:00"
In Japan 2400+ hours means the next day (e.g., Jul 6 25:00 means Jul 7 0100 hours)\
Will Kirika sing in Zenboobs' birthday? Remember, her birthday match the timeframe
anyone fancy to take a guess as to what Bikkie's buying for Zenbu?
big deal indeed, but concentrated in one country and shrinking population makes it even bigger deal
welp, with Japan demography (mid-century, Japan population is expected to dip back to 100mil pops), 100k deaths with no good reason in one go means it is pretty dent in population (0.1%)
I hope Symphogear ends happy with Chris going to college so that she would not have much fun with everyone else, thanks to her assignments and research works later on
Chris: "My fun times at school may be coming to an end."
Discuss the implication
this guy...he knew it https://youtu.be/auBTGptEoK0?t=764
he...worked behind the scene as the big bad, how the bljad can I not refer to him as cumtart/numbnuts/tosspot/motherkurwa/you-name-any-F-word-in-any-language
yo, fudou is plain cumtart, yyoo...
Kanade should stay out, let Kanade belong to the fans to explore in fanfics. Also, let Chris be happy fluffball after the ending, let her enter higher education
I agree, OVA would work best. If the hype is big, then full-blown anime could be considered. at least manga should be made
with Takagaki voicing the utazukin or singing the OP? now that's going to be wat
I'd say that's good plan to have Utazukin gets an actual anime
somebody should begin remixing any rap or EDM music with Chris' line "Put your hands up"
how to describe Fudou Kazanari: use any curseword and blasphemies you can think of, then string them together
bring it on. I'm ready to read a fanfic where he got wpierdoled big time
when that cumtart says "Seal control" to down Sakimori, we all know where that tosspot learned that move. nice move, wanker.  we know where you sided and that gives us fanfic idea to send that motherkurwa to hell using whatever firepower our beloved Zenboobs can muster
I GOT WPIERDOLED WHEN WATCHING THAT PART
Chris' quality in EP 6... from she (almost certainly) taught Shirabe to be that sharp, lifted a car (well, Chris is basically a whole arty regiment, heavily reinforced), Chris' barrage got CIWS'ed and that "put your hands up, naa?" thingy. looks like her character development is done by XV, all she got to do is show her smarts in college
My chap commented on EP07: "Some positivity from our future college student" about Chris believing they can do reckless things
yes, in the natsumatsuri, she scored that game system: console and VR
also, remember that Chris also scored full-blown game system in shinai
Those are Chris' bookshelf. see the growth in the book quantity


GX: just prior to the concert, XV just after the OP song
I think Chris also splurge on books. take a look at her bookshelf and compare from GX and XV
oh please don't....
so, can anyone else fell to Milaarc's mindfuck technique?
Bikki's huge appetite is justified, she's very active
there's just no reason for her to gobble a lot
I think Chris' appetite is just about average (or lighter)
wait, why does Chris cradles her left arm while it was clear that the gun was in her right hand?
Please, Satelight, tell me that Chris' eating manner somehow improve...
looks like her manner improved, somehow....
wait, what happened in AXZ that makes Bikkie lost her god power?
idk what the blyat that tosspot spike their blood supply with, but as he plans to own that power to himself...all bets are off
well, Bikki also has God pawers, isn'it? so we have two such powers. ofc, we need to take that cumtart Fudou into account
okay, that cumtart is literally a monster
Is Fudou fascist? discuss
that performance...the bass simply too hard
or was it Enki who was Fine's boss?
you don't say...Fine is kinda Shem-Ha's associate
also...the future would be pretty much in jeopardy given what the blyat happened on earth
k, I just watched EP11 and...that was definitely inspired by S1E5
Said the person who has enough firepower to annihilate half a navy plus chunks of air force
Bikkie fight, Chris: "You're too cool with that crazy strength"
who was the singer among NR? Mao Ichimichi (with her experience in idolmaster)? Illuminati has Minako Kotobuki who was Ayahi's team in Sphere and RIna Hidaka whose singing was trained in SAO AFAIK
WI Chris just don't get amalgam?
amalgam Chris for EP12, plox
oh yeah, Chris is the only one not having amalgam used yet
okay, NR  SHOULD get songs, somehow as Symphogear is known to capitalize on its VA
nah, they age in the series anyway. Basa graduates from school, Zenbu gets to college, Terror Twins enters highschool, they all grow with the younger fans (older fans, not so much)
28 year-old zenbu? I can only imagine her being one-woman lab or stern (and unforgiving) teacher
I kinda OK if gears are destroyed, but they dead...not so much
oh...motherkurwa
someone needs to let Satelight know that Symphogear is gaining traction overseas so they can authorize global XDU servers
I won't be surprised if Miku somehow rebels again unless that Shem-Ha happens to snuff her out (causing Bikki to go all out-and-out rampage)
Symphogear Concentrate imminent...
wait, when did Symphogear turns to be applied philosophy class?
Basa out-bust Zenbu??
Symphogear really kicks a Panamax-load of ass this time
https://twitter.com/RealCruiser/status/1177972486920491009
Symphogear may have finished as a series, but Symphogear is here to stay with our memories
now we wait for the future of the wielders
not that fast, honcho.
We may have moved on, but our hearts, our minds, our memories reminds us what brings us together
we'd have to wait for...6 months
Xtreme Vibes, discuss
Zoid says so
26 thousand plus BD sales by yesterday
Satelight missed Sabaton in giving Chris attack names
yeap
I need idea for homework problems
anyone taking computer science (or took)?
no, I'm planning a fiction roughly set to the same premise as those two (someone changes gender and get introduced to BDSM)
anyone reading both TSF Monogatari and Nana to Kaoru?
if you're stuck with nothing but time, you may learn from Springer's textbooks, 400-odd made free
https://link.springer.com/search/page/1?facet-content-type=%22Book%22&package=mat-covid19_textbooks&facet-language=%22En%22&sortOrder=newestFirst&showAll=true
Given the precedents...I'd say shinai XV 2 would involve Noble Red somehow. I'm looking forward for shinai XV 4
also, the doll Basa gave her didn't make it in the shot of the party. maybe it's put back in the box?
well...Chris would go bananas if any pairs cut cake together, especially in HER birthday
