<@284390402210136064> thank you
in dire need for kirika pics
dm me some guys
Yeah, it can wait for some time
If anyone has Kirika pics, pls dm me
Once more thank you
<@263983345669505025> has contributed to dm me Kirika pics
Sure
Kinda wondered why it flickers
Everything I did was correct
I did follow AutisticYui's tutorial on making a bear
i dunno why it's flashing
A Kirika bear to lighten up every Kirika fan's day
very early Christmas gift
Thank you
I has been converted by you guys
<:GenjuurouThumbsUp:336657189475188740>
not yet
ikr
revised Kirika bear
That may be me too
I seem to see a lot of Hibiki art
Are they like scarce?

I like it
Who posted that GuP art?
Why no ping for Kirika for me?
Nice ping
<:GWnanamiOhImGay:407618548962164748>
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
Waifu Six: Siege?
Hibiki bear is brought to you by one of my friends
for you, Miku fans
Nice ping <:GWnanamiSenjoSmug:398860673402273793>
just sayin
I mean, mostly everyone is gay in the Symphogear universe
and it's now time for the waiting game for next saturday
I can't live without it permanently
I'm still sad XV will deffo be the final season of symphogear
will shenshoujing ever appear again in XV?
the way ep 1 ended was something from a Jojo ep
this one line, I REALLY LIKE
bruh what the fuck was that
tsubasa's gonna be scarred for some episodes now after that
doesn't seem like anyone survived that attack
everyone besides SONG members died, right?
I thought tsubasa would save her, but that alchemist ain't giving mercy on anyone
she got kakyoined
I wonder if kakyoin jokes are gonna be made about this ep
and cute
I give it a 11/1
with that shirabe and kirika freefall scene
they ain't shying away this time now
this ain't ending on a happy note, I'm kinda feeling it
we all shooketh
my brain is trembling
you guys think XV gonna be darker?
they humanized the crowd, and that brought more pain to us all
should we blame traffic for this event?
**2nd episode.**
this is like the 2nd ep
we will all plummet once the train's finished its route
this train ain't stopping on any point rn
I can't type easily at the same time after that ep
this might be the first time I hate a Symphogear villain with all my heart
it gotta be 24 or more than that
13 eps ain't enough for this season
damn
so, was kirika's storyboarder some sort of lewd individual?
each transformation sequence was done by a different person, right?
true
it kinda felt lewd
this now takes the cake
I mean, the most traumatizing thing I ever saw in this show is bikki's arm being chomped off
the US of A are impractically useless when dealing with noise threats
batgirl doesn't give two shits that she's killing a whole stadium
SG counts her kills right?
she gonna be Symphogear's Myne now
I can tolerate the symphawoo girl, but the bat girl, fuck no
kirika almost died back in axz
why am I feeling that the girls seem to be running out of plot armor
as much as I enjoy symphogear, I do not enjoy at all the power up arcs
did Weishaupt's team had some mercy towards most civilians?
or maybe GX too
the most successful concert attack was back in G, with no casualties if I recall
no aim with getting anything
this event is technically a terrorist attack now, isn't it?
I guess this event justifies it
I wondered by the start of the ep why the titles are getting darker
ah shit
if death toll is lower, oh god
wonder how many people died in zwei wing
zwei wing incident was just a random noise attack, right?
I wonder who we should blame for all of the events of Symphogear
langue?
if I am anticipating this, that can't be good
and probs a sacrifice, like what happened with SG's team
I mean, they do have different ideologies
goddamnit
Grampa Kazanari working with the villains?
yo what
if I hear prolific anime-oriented youtubers watched some of the anime this season, I just hoped that they must have watched symphogear already, like gigguk
with it being really big in japan, it should have been noticed by westerners
it's quite unfortunate that symphogear is unheard of in the western anime community
quite surprised they did 2 henshins this ep
at least there wasn't any death reaching high numbers
that Vanessa's team attack places with high concentrations of RH-type blood
I also forgot to mention how really smart Kirika cracked the code
sadly, he hasn't discovered it yet
who knows, maybe they'll subvert our expectations
we may not know until ep 6 gets released
aw that's good
WHY MIKU OF ALL PEOPLE
OH MY FUCKING GOD WHY
wasn't there a Pokemon scene that had to be changed due to 9/11 back in 2001
I mean, fire force got hit by the tragedy real bad
that's a plausible theory right there
wait, hol up
well, I took a screenshot of it
what about the dying girl tho
ah ok
should I send it to you thru DMs?
I wanna do it, but contributing to this seems kinda wrong
I have a bad feeling of this meme
she seems to sport those stained glass eyes again
no double dose of Tsubasa trauma
at least that relieved me
I always knew for those preview images, things were about to get real quickly, so my heart throughout the whole ep was beating fast
he knows something's very fishy
even genjuro also smells suspicion towards his own father
Fudo is old man kazanari right?
<@216181207874928640> should I send you the screenshot of the kid?
if even the original edit exists, they have no intention to release it either way
that was the coolest shit I've seen
God-mcfucking-damn
nephilim is the one who ate bikki's arm, right?
that was cute as hell
I also forgot to point out that Tsubasa blush
ver's body is still in the chateau, yes?
if they made the autoscorers and saint-germain return in some way, I would want to see how they would make ver return
never have I expected in any circumstance carol's autoscorers to put up one last fight
hol up, so is vanessa's team dead?
Goddamn, so much shit happened
btw, where can I view that chart with those couch guys?
maybe otona had some sort of connection to the japanese of father, idk
probs because the ep is called "I Am your Father"
otona?
I feel like this'll be trending on jp twitter
now I'm even more concerned about how the series would end
but damn, the death of one of the kazanari bros shocked me more
yeah, they deadass dead
I'm just gonna use incapacitate since we do not know if they dead or not
miku just incapacitates them without hesitation
is that true?
about what hibiki's dad said about the kanjis of curse and blessing being similar
that was caused because people were building the tower of babel, yes?
ah that
I quite forget sometimes what the curse of balal is
btw, how do you mean similar?
seen some people online saying that was uneccessary
I actually wonder what was the purpose of the scene with hibiki and her dad
shit, what an amazing ride it has been
Thank you for everything, Symphogear.
It's officially done...
Does anyone have Kirika spam?
I dunno where to ask this question
