https://twitter.com/mars_oekaki/status/1408710355778375680?s=19
Could've at least been a bayonet
Ah yes, in the gun game clearly use a lightsaber
SAO is used as a metric for a bad show. IS for how dense is your harem MC
Hold on, there's a Mondaiji tachi sequel? Why am I just learning about this now?
Got distracted since I started watching other stuff
I need to finish the second season
Hg
All of this has reminded me that I started on an Gundam AGEII Magnum SV a whule ago (like a year, I think), and haven't finished it
Found the box. Out of everything, I literally only made the body, head, and right arm so far
Know of the arc though
For S3, aside from the animation, iirc the anime skipped a lot of important info regarding its last arc. Or so I've heard, haven't finished S3 or read up to that point in the LN
Arifureta
Bought Volumes 3 and 5 of a LN I'm reading. I had already bought Vol 4 awhile ago
I really need to get to watching Nanoha
The Symphogear OVAs
Idolm@ster
At least the third try managed to not stay a file you need to download to see
Huh. So it is. Never noticed until right know
Just realized something that puts a bit of a damper on the Love Live spree. Not sure where to find the first season or the movies
Thinking of finally going down the Love Live rabbit hole. What order do I watch it in?
So unless I'm just blind, Funi also doesn't have the very first season
I'm caught up with the manga. It gets wilder
So I watched Adachi to Shimamura. This is great
I know someone said this earlier, but I'll say it again. Munou no Nana is a ride
Makes sense
I really need to catch up with the manga and the anime. I was for a bit with the manga and then just fell behind
Make Charlotte the protagonist and make it yuri. Problem solved
^This
So ||Second: "You can play piano?" "Yep" = curveball; fails miserably = can't be handled?||
Last think I remember was beginning an interview
I really need to catch up on that. I'm part way through episode... the mahjong (was it mahjong, I can't remember) one
I caught with the manga for a bit and then fell behind again. Anime-wise, I'm very behind
Why is it that every other time I go to Barnes & Noble they're always missing the volume I need, but not the one after? Anyway, bought Arifureta Volume 7
Love Live  SIP season 2 episode 6. I keep pausing every second on the KISS scene
Yep
Finished Love Live SIP
Chika, I get where you're coming from, but being happy that your school is shutting down is a bit...
See, I was just trying to make a timeline between the two shows (why I don't know). At first I thought Sunshine was after, but now I realize it's probably a bit concurrent. In which case, that makes sense
First, You's reaction faces are great. Second, Riko's from Otonokizaka and she didn't know about school idols?
Or "break" because it'll probably only be like a minute or something
Now the question is, go immediately into Sunshine or take a slight break
I like how the final episode led into the movie
I did.  It and the final episode were fitting endings.
All of this Precure talk reminded me that I started Starpri and Healpri, and haven't finished/caught up on either
Just need to at least get past the episode 5 mark because I'm pretty sure that's where I forgot to continue Star Twinkle and Healin' Good
Yeah probably
Started Fresh PreCure. Going to make this the first one I actually finish
I know. ~~And I think Strike Witches also gets added to the list. Also this entire thing is recent~~
I don't know why I keep starting a series when I still have more to finish. First Love Live, then PreCure, and now Nanoha. I guess also include anything from the current season
Did they really?
Currently taking a break to laugh over Mari's "Oh my God"s at the beginning of Ep 12
Finally continuing Sunshine. Episodes 10 and 11 were good. Didn't even realize I was almost done with the first season
This interpreteted dance or whatever on Sunshine S1 Ep13 makes me so confused. I get it, but I just wasn't expecting it at all
I think SAO was actually what got me into anime
Not counting Pokemon and the like, I think around 13-14 for me
Sister also watched Ouran High School Host Club and Sailor Moon
I was there when my little sister and cousin watched Kakegurui and what was on Netflix for Haikyuu
I was going to say have her watch Symphogear, but then I realized that other then that no dub bit, it's probably just not the best idea in general. Also, she's 7, so yeah
Five minutes seems generous
There was also Sword Volume 2, but by then I was just "Yeah, that's too much". And then my mom used her teacher discount to get exactly enough so that if I did get it, would've been the same price as getting these with no discount
We were finally able to go to Barnes & Noble and I got these. Thoigh I realized that I skipped Volume 9. Probably confused it with 8 in my head or something
Started and finished reading Bloom Into You. Was good
What's this from?
Yeah, it made slightly more sense (not much, but still) in my head
To have willpower needs willpower
Having not seen the prequel yet, should I just watch those first 6 episodes over the movies?
Netflix has it
There's also Char's Counterattack
They apparently added the original Gundam (or at least the movie versions) to Netflix
Don't worry about it, just watch it
>Franchise dying
>Superstar, Nijigasaki s2
Yes and no
~~And then there's Superstar next season and niji S2 at some point~~
Well, none of them are directly connected, but yes
Actually, which LL series are you watching
Ah ok then, show first and then movie
What are you watching?
Time for a massive Tropical-Rouge binge because I fell very behind
F to Honoka
Why is Umi calling herself trash?
Think you guys played yourselves
~~^This~~
https://tenor.com/view/love-live-umi-sonoda-umi-sonoda-love-gif-18751675
This is a great face
Forgot Aquatope came out yesterday, so just watched the first episode. Was good
So why is there a 14+ and 14++?
At least I can try to finish Sunshine during the waiting game
Completely different person
Yeah, should have worded that better
Why is the last 5 minutes of Kenja even there and the title about the genderbending when it basically isn't in the episode. FanBishi was good though
https://mangadex.org/title/df715a94-a013-4d5d-a7d5-f7f2f778d09d/moshi-koi-ga-mieta-nara
Just read it, yeah appropriate response
To answer the Arifureta prologue stuff, the WN has an (apparently still ongoing) after story. So if you consider the main story as the "prologue" then the WN has an 8 volume and the LN has 12 and counting (though it should be wrapping up) volume prologue
<:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
https://twitter.com/ayusheknows/status/1503208923867717633?t=0YpipMGNXnEJ_bEmBwWvMA&s=19
I've been checking everytime we when to a Barbes & Noble. Now the question was just if I should buy the first two or three
Bought the first three volumes to Executioner
Don't worry there's a warning... frame one as the scene happening. Who thought that was a good idea?
I don’t think that last bit was something that needed to be in spoilers
||Ah, my bad. Just the fact that orwell decided to blanch the minds of the girls she used so she can use their concepts but it instead turned into ivory. One of those girls was the one that destroyed Menou’s town||
||My reaction was kind of “Oh that escalated. Wait why is she able to wield the sword?”. On other note, wasn’t expecting orwell to be connected to Ivory||
||Also wondered when exactly Akari had met Momo, but it seemed the epilogue answered that||
||Unfortunately that was something I spoiled myself on. Though it did make me interested in how it worked. Had assumed it  only triggered whenever Menou dies; not just whenever they’re in trouble. Also Akari is evil for ruining Momo’s ribbons||
<@297542051057238017> Finished reading Executioner book 1. It’s very good
Executioner good as usual
Finished binging that earlier myself. My reaction to catching up was “Great… now I have to wait for more”, so I’d say that’s a good indicator of my opinion.
Took me a bit to realize what you were talking about
So, Engage Kiss and what’s the other one?
