Love how Symphogear is a more mature take to a magical girl that still knows and behaves like one. Villain redemption and purifying. No cynical overly dark crap. Don't know why this series didn't get more popular mbut magical Girl shams like Madoka did.
Yuuki Yuuna is the only good deconstruction one. Even then it's meh. Just not into deconstructions. Rather have more traditional magical girls like Precure and Symphogear.
I can't stand Urobuchi as a writer. To me he writes like crap. Kamen Rider Gaim was the worst.
I'm a big Precure guy so I'm serious about my magical girl series.
<@237434678355689472> ver did get better tho
Gaim and Wizard are my least favorite. Favorite are Den O, Ex Aid.
Sento wasn't like that the whole series though. It was a phase he got over. If I'm remembering correctly Kouta never got over his shit and was always acting mopey.
Okay? So much riders go through worse. Look at Sento in Build. Takumi in Faiz. Emu in Ex Aid. Hell Sougo goes through more in Zi O and they don't become mopey.
Urobuchi characters are always so mopey that's why his writing annoys me.
Plus Gaim whatever his actual name was, is a horrible lead. Always moping around even though nothing that bad happened to him compared to what other riders have gone through.
That God dude that planned the whole fight out got away.
<@99695384296701952> when he let's the main villain get away and just thanks him for everything and kills the secondary without finding a third option like Kazuma in Blade it just rubbed me really wrong.
It's just that everything he has written I haven't liked. Gaim was the worst Kamen Rider and Psycho Pass was awful.
I would recommend Utawarerumono though. Especially if you like politics and war stories.
Ya I can never get into VNs but Fate is one of the few I can. Along with Utawarerumono.
Right now I'm doing an Aikatsu marathon and then probably the newest Pretty Cure after that.
No haha. Its hard to want to watch something I already saw. Especially when I have so much anime I want to watch
<@238855496797257729> DxD is super action heavy nowadays in the LN.
I also liked Devil is a Part Timer. That's a good quality light novel.
Another Ecchi harem that becomes more of a battle shounen like Rosario Vampire.
Though I do really enjoy Highschool DxD LN.
Can't ever read one through.
I wish Japan had good novels too. Most light novels are a joke.
The second season of the manga basically is more mature than lots of mature stuff. It also pokes more fun at the harem Ecchi stuff.
Like Rosario Vampire is a great borderline seinen battle manga that is just top tier goodness. The anime destroyed its rep though by turning it into a generic Ecchi harem.
I've always been kinda hard ass with source vs adaptation haha.
I'm a real stickler for seeing the source if you like an anime a lot. Especially since adaptations tend to be poor. Like Hero Academia. Read the manga if you want to see the later stuff instead of waiting.
I love how Kirei and Shiro are two broken men on the other side of right and wrong. One of the best things about Heavens Feel.
Does the anime properly show how messed up in the head Shiro is or does it not show that off?
Funnily enough by getting into Precure I got into Aikatsu. I love these lower age girl demographic shows haha. Aikatsu Stars is one of my favorite anime ever.
For Tsubasa sama!
Same here. Gotta rep the best anime
I would love to own A La Mode, HUGtto, and Happiness Charge.
I guess we are getting Super Sentai now though.
No Kamen Rider still.
Toei doesn't like there stuff to go west
Star Twinkle just went back to basics since HUGtto was so different. It's fine. Just feels a little underwhelming because of it.
Joker was a nut job too. Still one of the scariest precure villains.
Smile also has still the most darkest and demented final arc in precure haha
That was Smile sadly. It's a great series though.
I watched the first ten episodes of Star Twinkle then stopped because I decided to wait until it was done to watch it.
I did. The guy with the precure avatar.
It felt like a power trip series.
It had too much of a protagonist boner. It was all about her. Everyone just constantly shilling her up. Her getting all the spotlight. Couldn't stand it.
I hated Go Princess though. That season was awful. I actually dropped it around episode 32.
Also hinting at a little girl being dead as well in HUGtto.
Hugtto was relentless with its themes and content haha
Ya it is but it still caters to other demographics. Especially HUGtto.
I would recommend most on here to watch Happiness Charge. It's super hot blooded and battle like. Like a mini Symphogear.
First to fifth.
I love Suite. Top 5 favorites for me. In order. A La Mode, HUGtto, Happiness Charge, Suite, and Fresh
I love it. So good to see straight up magical girls that aren't dark crap like Madoka.
Any Precure watchers on here?
Ya just started. Got Ronie and my waifu Asuna
I haven't watched a dub since Darker Than Black.
Don't we all hate growing up..
Ya I never watch dub anymore either. Use to all the time back in the day.
She actually looks her age unlike the Aikatsu and Precure girls who can pass of as high schoolers.
I need to watch it eventually. I was joking about it needing a sadist though haha
I hate when that happens haha
Dang. OG Aikatsu has Mizuki. Stars has Yume and Yozora. Precure has a whole bunch. Symphogear has Tsubasa sama. Welp gg Cardcaptor. No sadist no buy.
Any sadist chicks in Cardcaptor Sakura?
Is the dub good or "good"?
I have never seen Cardcaptor.
Aikatsu is a lot better than the overrated crap that is Love Live. I hated Sunshine. One of the worst anime for me.
My current plan is to do all 170 plus of OG then do Friends.
Ran is best girl in OG.
I'm currently watching OG since I started with Stars. At the end of season 1.
Yume is best waifu.
Meh I can't get into dating Sim stuff.
Damn those are some moe ass lolis
What is Amagami?
Oh crap I have that on my planned anime list. I just kinda throw cute stuff on it haha
Who is that loli?
Anyone watch Sakura Quest? That is a really good slice of life. I was surprised with how much I liked it.
I swear Gintama is the best haha
Gets pretty damn emotional too.
Beginning is meh but it's great after that. I have watched every episode.
If you guys haven't watched Gintama. You have too. One of the best.
Ill stick with Gintama for my comedy
I have never watched Konosuba and never will
I haven't even started the new SAO season. I hate following weekly so I wait for it to finish.
I also kinda want to be owned by Shiho
Kaoru is my favorite girl. Favorite guy is probably Kyosuke or Sakaki.
. I love Kyosuke so I will watch it eventually. Especially since the characters from that are starting to appear in the manga now.
I just started the high school arc. Was waiting for the translation to start again before I started reading it again
I haven't even watched it. I will when I catch up to the manga. Still behind by 100 chapters.
Zettai looks completely different too

Rosario goes from super bubbly to super detailed tho.
Love the natural aging from elementary school to high school. It's so unique.
Manga is so great. One of my favorite manga. Kaoru is best girl.
Bigger than Rosario and Zettai?
RV has the biggest artsyle evolution in manga. The closest comparison is Zettai Karen children in terms of big jump in art quality.
<@279341087494242304> the manga is so good.
