
She gets prophecies in the tv series, but that’s it.
I get why, but it’s still weird.
Still seems weird that it’s never brought up in Yuna Chapter.
Interesting. That’s not brought up at least the TV version of Washio Sumi.
Then I’m being upset for no reason. Thank you.
My sticking point is Togo being able to hear the Shinju. I don’t know if it was established in the Washio novels, but it seems just kinda tacked on. Also that they had Sonoko notice something was wrong with Yuna before Togo. Yeah, she’s good at reading people, but Togo should really have noticed that she was acting weird first.
It was very Togo thing to do, to be fair.
Like the curse and Togo being sacrificed?
What were your issues with YnS?
I liked how Yusha no Shou was laid out and ended, it just needed more time.
I'm unsure how I feel about more YuYuYu. On the one hand, yay more Yuna. On the other, why more Yuna?
It’s more implied that there other Witches/Witch Units if I remember right. If there weren’t Yoshika probably would have been conscripted instead of convinced to come along.
Well, the man's honest at least.
Keijo is kinda both.
Of script, I mean.
The dub is well acted, but a step down in quality.
The only similar Neuroi fight is the first one. The later ones are really, *really* interesting if a bit wacky.
I forget, was the hat an alien?
Funky disco space train *is* pretty great.
It could be so much better.
And that's the worst part.
SAO overall is just really mediocre.
All I remember of Daybreak was that the villain really wanted to brain fuck the protagonist. Don’t remember why.
>  like homura ends up in a symphogear-like timeline
<@!576460351252725777> Metal Magica?
Thinking of picking it up.
Opinions of Wandering Witch?
Now I can get them without being indebted to the mob.
^
They always have.
G? Bitchin'!
Tis the season to be spoopy.
<@!202444817043685386> What was the idea, and was it Crispen Freeman's?
That's bullshit, but I'll believe it!
<@598867606434349057> Tropical Rouge is very fun, yes. Takagaki plays the shrimp that comes in later.
Yes. Yes she is.
Does anyone have that "what magical girl transformations look like from the outside" bit from Prisma Illya?
I went pretty quick from "who's that?" to "Awww, Mimi!"
There's something about these that makes Midna more human with just a touch of deliciously sinister.
Having not seen anything past season 1 and having played the phone game, I'd call it meh. When it does it's own thing, it's really interesting. But for the most part it's locked to the games story beats.
Ahh, yes. The Unfortunate Butt Kicking Incident.
I was reading the comments and I'm seeing people complain about the translation. What's wrong with it?
It's true. The characters are consistently good all the way through.
Honestly, she doesn’t even look like a loli. She’s like midteens at best.
on no, it's finally here
Is Saint Tail good?
I see. Thank you!
Genuine question. What are pros and cons of multimedia projects and how does the Yusha franchise fail?
What gives you that impression?
Has Pretty Cure often messed with what’s in hira and kata?
The only part that’s in kata is sukai, yeah?
I’m both interested and skeptical of the execution.
Though she is good as Elda.
Is Australia?
