Okay.
I think we need to make different voice channels.
I wish there was a SheMiku emote
Hello Melua.
2019 in a nutshell.

Pretty neat
Also I don't want to think about that
<@246440613929549835> No, that's nasty.
I don't know if thanos is scared to pluck them out or just confused about this whole scenario.
That's sweet
Other than the songs and the gorgeous animation.
Because it's how they make money Chris.
That's cute
Here another hibimiku pic I found
https://twitter.com/oonamuamidabutu
Cuteness overload. Hgggggnhhh
You only see it once in your entire life.
Its more of an idea.
I have an AU where hibiki is basically sherlock holmes in 1890s London with Chris being John Watson.
Okay.
Im sorry
There
Hold on
|| I was going like "Okay bring me the holy water, I'm gonna send that batgirl back to hell". ||
|| Throwing elfnine was the straw that broke the camel's back for me.||
But no, we've got to stake her now.
She does, if only we could like her personality and as a person.
Bad millarc, that blood isnt yours. Go sit in the time out corner.
Also Dr Ver: Hibiki Tachibana is a bitch ass motherfucker
Maria: I'm gonna help this psycho doctor commit a lot of unethical activities in order to save the world. It's no big deal.
Dr Ver: I'm gonna crash the moon into the earth therefore destroying it. Just leaving me and you together forever.
Maria: I've made a terrible mistake.
I know how to do it. It seems I just made a mistake.
Great, I messed up uploading that.
Ha ha ha yeah that's true.
You mean || amalgum|| right?
I once found an image with jotaro and hibiki.
Fun fact: Jotaro in stardust crusaders is the same age as hibiki in || XV which is 17 ||
Hah.
Imagine hibiki with gold experience requiem.
Some days, you just wish that kanade || wasn't dead.||
I just don't want to get strike three.
I've done it twice by accident.
<@476058996315389953> I'm just afraid of getting banned by Melua.
She's a giraffe.
Which makes it more tragic.
It might actually be.
If serena was alive, this is most likely what her room would be filled with.
I don't know <:TsubasaZesshou:336656472362713089>
Then || She dies and hibiki becomes captain of the Gungnir.||
Me too. I crave this stuff.
It's not natural.
Yes, this is best timeline.
Most likely looks at other people's presents before Christmas.
Hasn't she always though.
Oh dear.
FBI'S knocking at the door.
When chris realises that she is sleeping with two girls in her bed.
Maria hides those ears under her buds.
Got Ivy growing out of it.
Better than my Dad's shed.
As long as you don't upload photos that make me want to wash them out with soap, you can stay.
Define good.
Nah, I think he's alright. He stays as long as he doesn't do it again.
Ikxi I agree with you fully. We should burn this and never speak of it.
None of that.
Ah nooooo








Your friend sounds like John Constantine.
In what regard.
Do you think I'm crazy.
Somebody should make a comic about that. Might be quite entertaining.
Just trying to have a little bit of fun.
I'm joking.
The god-killer sword.
I killed it with the Dia-mharbhaiche.
Yes my life is.....complicating.
Nothing grows it that spot anymore and it smells like burnt toast.
Once I summoned a demon, but then I punched it and stabbed it in the heart.
I buried it in my back yard.
Not yet.
You'll never take me alive.
Oh no 
FBI'S KNOCKING AT MY DOOR.
YES.
Indeed how uncouth.
I have no words either.

Found it on Tumblr
Anybody ever seen that picture where miku's bow is actually a marshmallow.
I think you will enjoy it. Have fun.
Then she trips over.
Yahhhhhhhhhh
I keep finding bows and arrows in her room and she chases me around the house with them.
<@246146781832806401> Now that...is what I wanna see in the anime (Hibimiku). Unfortunately I most likely won't happen or it will.
<@476058996315389953> you've made my heart drop.
I love you 3000 Hibiki.
Her heart explodes, that's how she dies.
DMJii: He forced us to do this, help us.
Maria in iraq,|| I wonder why ||.
That smile is the smile of pure innocence.
Smash version.
Play meglovania.
Awesome.
Isn't this an XV spoiler.
Ha ha ha.....Now kiss.
True. She could only blame herself or she accepted that kanede's death wasn't her fault.
Tsubassa being the happy one. NANI!!
This is a weird world.
I watched it if they were all girls.
I'd watched that.
True.....So true....miku stop.
Not that I'm actually bothered. it's just very coincidental.
Oh my god, not that again. Also the blue twintail also has a flat chest. What is up with that?
You forgot the wig.
In some cases she either has boobs or she doesn't.
I don't have a scanner so my comics whenever i make them are gonna be taken by photo.
Praise the Miku.
Ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Im miku-holic.
I have autism.
I know but that was before I realised how to do it. Cut me some slack.
With Melua like I did twice.
You didn't spoil anything, I just didn't want you to get in trouble.
Im too lazy like my counterpart.
I don't care for gender.
Dude you just spoiled it.
Somebody ping me for miku art always.
Too bad it was killed by king arthur.
The most magnificent unicorn.
Oh that is beautiful.
Also unicorn horn.
They are just angry that people keep throwing holy water on them.
The ghost are nice.
Every night, I see dead people.
I can imagine Maria being like this if she wasn't such an idiot in G.
Here's just one more.

I found this on Tumblr, it's an AU where the main six girls are vampire hunters and miku is a vampire.
I've got more if anyone wants to see them.

Dess
Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssss.
It's a normal/Grass type.
It evolves into sawsbuck.
Pink=Spring 
Green= Summer
Orange= Autumn
Brown= Winter
It Fur colour changes with the seasons.
From Unova.
Generation 5 pokemon

He also did a tsubasa one too.
Oh that was done by chaoscroc.
Unless they actually do it; which is unlikely.
Awesome cosplay.
Somebody finally did it....YESSSSSSSS.
It will unfountunately we can't hug her.
Can we continue on <#337805317276565525>.
But....I've always cared about story as it makes me feel invested.
I wish I could enjoy that game as much as you did.
Montreal cared about plot and gameplay= origins 
Quebec didn't want to do it and were forced to = Odyssey.
I care because origins fixed so much then odyssey comes along and fucks it up.
I found that game fun but then it started to destroy Greek mythology and AC Lore which kind of pissed me off.
I know but it does in assassins creed odyssey.
By.....assassins creed logic.
The staff can make you immortal.
Hibiki as a centaur. Now that is not what you see every day.
Or whatever happens next
This one may be harder to do.
Symphogear XDU vs Dragon Ball Legends.
If this is possible then anything is possible with this franchise.
It's a female
Her
There is only one king
Killed by godzilla himself.
Zilla died.
Oh course he does, He is THE KING OF THE MONSTERS.
The American series.
In king of the monsters.
Godzilla ate him
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/King_Ghidorah
King Ghidorah.
Punch it.
That dragon destroys planets.
And cute
Mothra is nice.
No
Let's punch the space dragon instead.
Bet they team up at the end.
I love this day so much.
My brother loves cucumbers
I don't get that figure of speech.
Green was her original theme colour, so maybe that's why they used it.
Yes
King and queen of all monsters
Hibiki gets godzilla gear.
Me too
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/77727527

I bet we will get a new one.
stop eating my hanky....goat.
<:HibiMiku:432007202136391690>
What this?

What about baby yoda.
What kind of art.
I can try.
Why are you sad?
No, I would be a plain dinosaur
If carol is a dog then I'm a triceratops.
Woof.
And they lived happily for the rest of their days.

The end.
Carol
I wish I had a girlfriend/boyfriend.
<@148471428738449408> It is a beautiful birthday present.
Is this what you picture corrupted hibiki looking like?
Where does this come from?

Ohhhhhhhhh noooooooooooo, Feelings.
This is so sweet that I'm gonna die.
I know, I just wish there were all edgy versions of every character.
Tried to. Failed.
Is there such thing as a edgy miku.
Just asking.
What happened to her.
True.
I agree JK is a piece of shit but so was Picasso
What I was trying to say was don't judge a piece of work  on the fact the artist is a fucking piece of shit.
Okay that's you're opinion.
Hate the artist, never the art.
Why hasn't anybody made a harry potter symphogear crossover fic.
What on earth is going on.....you found my coke stash didn't you.
Imagine a universe where everyone is edgy.
I don't fill up this place with my stupid ramblings.
Can we talk about this on serious discussions
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/77944671
<:HibiMiku:432007202136391690>
All of them except XV.
They have all the scans.
I found those on VK ages ago.
I think it is autoscorer version of kirika.
Bane Hibiki
Symphogear x Batman.
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/78057497
Yet sort of hilarious at the same time.
Why is this so creepy.
I have no idea.
Our friend XYZ made another great post. Still waiting for vampire AU stuff.
Oh trust me their pillow is never cold.
<:GarieWink:336657101273169921>
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/78124888
Legandary's is my absolute favourite
Godzilla is still my favourite.
Smoking is very bad.
You're smoking a cigarette.
<:Ver:336656981144109066>
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/78179583
How much is Dio paying you to smoke.....huh.
Soon we will know the whole thing once this event is on the English version of XDU.
Kanade is cool as fuck in that picture.
I also meant is the doujin official. Cause if it is.....
I'm buying it.
So it is official?
Where can I find the doujin.
The date with SHEM HA.
I hope its real.
Aghhhhh
Yay they did it.
It's all over for Dino.
Aghhhh my heart.
Sunshine spawn. I WISH THIS WAS REAL.
Oh dear, they have set off tsubasa.
I've done that as Well.
Miku, I know you love her, but could we tone down the creepiness.
Cause they've been bad girls.
I'm gonna go sell SHEM HA.
Shirabe looks like he doesn't give a fuck.
Where can I also get the season pass.
If this doesn't prove to people that miku is gay, I don't know what will.
Oh ok.
This is......ahem, unique
SANS CONFIRMED IN XV.
Insert Meglovania.
Hibiki you must know this by now. You are owned by Miku and ONLY MIKU.
Let miku and hibiki finish making out.
Anon: Uh no, she tortured you for years. Why would be cool with that
This is some Stockholm syndrome shit right here.
"Hello sparkle" said the dinosaur man.
Have a good sleep, you deserve it.
Sunshine wolf.
Source is XYXYZ1112 Tumblr Site.
If I had money I would pay you a commison for adult hibiki and miku with their child or children.
Perfect.
Long haired hibiki and miku makes them look older.
Yep
Though SHEMom is just as good.
I feel like Shem Ha would probably act like a teenage though.
https://mobile.twitter.com/kumeringo_touho/status/1214517417138782209
Umm it was supposed to be today but he had a bit of..... trouble
Like the abridged version.
Pirate fine is a close second.
You feel your sins crawling on your back.
I thought it was Blair witch for a second.<:HibikiTired:422925410490253313>
Tsubasa deserves it.
Nice.
Is this Chris taller or is it just me?
I meant the no hair one.
Oh no
Not bad either.
<:Bayonet:660870998098444310>
They are wearing capes.
Nice.
The finished version
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/57389985
My favourite hero.
It's batman.
But of coarse I would like it.
I like it.
So Vanessa is Azreal.
Maria is batman
Kanade is Two face.
Why Kanade x miku though?
Just wearing a red wig.
So it might be hibiki.
She wears a red wig in the comics.
Um that's batwoman.
Sometimes I wish XDU would do it.
https://mobile.twitter.com/Ambris_Art/status/1223135149778325504
GOOD.
What about ones with Miku and Hibiki.
^
Hibiki punch JK Rowling.
Well I guess kirika's into flying now
Huh
Wait.
But I'm all our of gum.
Tsubassa after episode 2:
<@279341087494242304> I know it seems coincidental, but it seems that future episodes of XV, may use similar elements to one that you use in your 'My Sunshine' although  more rushed.
Do you mean Val Verde
Last night's episode of XV was the day I've been dreaming for ever since G episode 10, four/five years worth the wait.
I've always wanted to ask solopy how long he has been a symphogear fan as I've been a fan for nearly 6 years.
Sorry
Wait I found them.
I didn't see you
I've commented on the video so there is at least one mention of symphogear in the comment section
Yeess someone big mentions symphogear even though it was for a joke. Then for the rest of the video, he talks about isuki anime, ukkkkk
The only way I could symphogear was on Vk
I mean GX is the worst season in my opinion, I always felt it was like filler.
<@279341087494242304> Hey solopy, when did you start watching symphogear. I started watching it after G was released in 2014.
In my headcannon relics in symphogear were created by a singular being known as the forger but he did have help from dwarves.
And stormbreaker
Do think thor could beat noise with his lightning
Excelsior true believers
Yet they can be inspiring
There have been more ridiculous things cause I always thought of symphogear as a mecha superhero magial sci-fi idol series with magical girls rather than just a magical girl series.
Do you think metahumans could exist I n symphogear
Don't know
I meant more of my own Au.
Yet again in my headcannon something terrible in his life that drove him to have this attitude and it happened in Cambodia in 1963
Fudou hides a lot of things from his sons cause he is a bastard
I said he killed her
You could also make him even more eviler by saying he order his men to tamper with kanede Linker making OD on it therefore he is truly for all of tsubassa suffering.
I didn't mean to say after
You could make fudou more evil by saying that after tsubassa mom was killed by him rather than childbirth so then he could have tsubassa to himself. He faked the childbirth death.
Then tsubassa kills fudou
There have been ghost pirates, anything at this point, like dinosaur men, metahumans, heck even real monsters could be real.
Hey solopy do you think, actual magic is real in symphogear. I mean if alchemy exist so should it. If it were my interpretation I possibly do that.
Also we don't really know that much about the past which might make a great spinoff actually.
<@279341087494242304> By the way, Enki's dad is Anu, god of the sky and the stars
Still love your fanfic, do you think you can do one for XV once it's finished but it is set in your universe.
I meant punish
Still waiting for his Dad to come and on ish humanity.
God of water, creation and semen
Yet again she never says it
Also fine couldn't remember her lovers name, so it most likely she doesnt remember everything after being reincarnated multiple times.
Yet again stories can change over time. So that might not be the whole truth.
I also think there might have been an rebellion between humans and custodians, Which may have led to some humans to becoming god like being.
<@279341087494242304> A perfect song for XV (if it has ancient flashbacks) would be you want it darker by leonard Cohen
Hey I always though the custodians we're similar to the Isu from assassins creed, don't you think. Also I believe there not actually gods but rather aliens with techno-magic.
I know, I'm sorry
VK is a russian online social media and social networking service. 
Apparently there a huge symphogear fan base with all current episodes, songs concept art, practically everything <@279341087494242304>
<@279341087494242304> I mean GX is the worst season in my opinion, I always felt it was like filler.The only way I could symphogear was on Vk.Although it was all in russian
It use to have english sub
Although it was all in russian
Miku and hibiki vs Anu
I read a lot of Tolkien, it why i have these ideas
That scean was awesome, imagine if Mjonir was in symphogear.

I did say that the custodians are aliens with weird techno magic.
Mojnir must exist somewhere
The custodians cant be the only gods that are real.
Look if the treasury of Babylon exists in another relm than so can the nine realms in Norse mythology.
If it were my own personal AU, it would a character known as Zino
Who do you think the final boss is cause I doubt it is miku.
Th <@279341087494242304> Then maybe enki could possess miku
<@279341087494242304> Anu could still appear.
<@279341087494242304> Hey do you think Anu will appear as the final boss.
Anu is enki dad
<@279341087494242304> Hey solopy imagine if all XV was mysterio conduring illusion with his tech.
With the drones
I'm talking more about jake Gyllenhaal version
Imagine if XV was nothing more than mysterio and his illusions.
I forgot to include it in between after and this.
But I'm fine with it ending here as long as it is satisfying. If it's not....well the fans could always make fanfic about after this season.
I mean it could still happen.
Anybody think that a spinoff will happen, cause symphogear is getting bigger and I don't think they would want to end a franchise that could give them more money.
Hopefully they do
For example that giant coffin mecha is what gave me the idea to mingle the two.
I came up with an XV mysterio idea due to far from home where he uses drones to create giant elemental monsters so then he can look like a hero.

I don't know if that's a good ending or an okay one. Cause it's definitely not a bad one. I just expect one of them to sacrifice themselves and I think you know who im talking about.
He has come seeking vengeance for enki who is his son.
I was thinking that too, with it being Anu who is basically the king of the custodians as well as god of the sky and the stars.
That might happen  as there has been weirder stuff.
Some people think it's miku but I doubt it as episode 6 would have happen later in the season.
Maybe he has other 'businesses.
<@211827730403164160>  No we want something greater.
He been hiding in the shadows, waiting for his moment to strike.
HaHaHaHa
New conversation: who do you think will be the final antagonist in XV.
Illusions like mysterio
Somebody did that cool.
Anybody imagine if the infinity gauntlet existed in symphogear
Report child abuse
Triggered at millarc
I also just can't see this alchemist trio dieing one by one like last season trio.
They most likely die together fighting our heroines or sacrificing themselves.
Most likely so they can do the stuff they did in the previous episode as well as the stuff they foreshadowed at the end of AXZ. Not just Miku but also the return of the gods.
Just because these episode seem to be doing a lot of things very quickly. The pacing is much faster than the last season.
Maybe episode 8 or 9
By the way when do you think that song will be used.
Now I wish I could just king crimson the time i made for that text.
That's why i said now saying it out load, it sounds stupid.
Also the song that I'm talking about is Only for you.
Now saying it out load, it sound stupid.
But it does sound like a song that would be used for the ending credits of the last episode.
I meant her song but everyone singing different parts of it.
You know hibiki's second XV song sounds like a song that would be used at the end of the whole series. Does anyone agree?
Killing them off.
It should be a crime.
As well as admit their love for each other.
Which is why I would rage if they killed off hibiki and miku. Just let them have their happy days.
Exactly
I don't have friends, I have family.
She already has a better family in her friends than her actual family.
I would be upset if they killed tsubassa. Just let the suffering stop please. 
She deserves better.
But they could always screw that up.
That's true.
That's true but this is symphogear, some arcs just go down the trash. Remember GX.
But this is symphogear final season so all bets are off on the last 3 episodes
Yes I think you make a great point.
I don't want say this but maybe tsubassa.
Even in avengers endgame tony stark sacrificed himself in order for everyone to get the happy ending heck black widow did too.
There always tragedy no matter where you go.
GX wasn't satisfying for an ending as there were many unanswered question still after the series ended. To me GX always felt like filler.
The meaning of all life
How about symphogear 42
The world not all black and white, it mostly grey with a few black and white spots here and there like static on a television.
I meant cloaking but auto translate sucks.
Maybe the curse acts as a shield or a clocking device from the custodians but it wasn't finished when enki activated it resulting in the side effect that it made people less understanding and more violent.
<@279341087494242304> Hey solopy I been thinking, Enki activated the curse of balal in XV. Does that mean the curse was suppose to be for a different purpose but it didn't work as intended.
I been thinking, Enki activated the curse of balal in XV. Does that mean the curse was suppose to be for a different purpose but it didn't work as intended.
Cause if there using elements from previous seasons, it could happen.
Do you think hibiki gonna lose an arm again?
That's fine.
I dunno.
I recommend you read them then yet again it's such an massive and immersive world that it can scare people.
Do you like middle earth
Doesn't mean that all of his written work is done.
Actually all of the middle earth series are  done now. Last year they released the fall of gondolia.
He uses a lot of interesting concepts from mythology to build his own world.
I read a lot of tolkien
I do, i watch symphogear because I enjoy it flaws and all.
I meant Lazy. Hah why do I do this on a godamm phone.
It's okay to do a concert attack again but that again just feels like last writing.
I just don't want a repeat of G again.
I meant later, stupid auto-translate.
No I mean both of them fighting together against the final antagonist. Cause if they wanted to make miku the final antagonist, they would have done episode 6 layer in the season.
I think it should be hibiki and miku
I missed out world
I just felt like if the whole knew they were alive by the end of the season, then they would come after them.
I thought of an idea of an idea for the ending of XV. Hibiki and miku are presumed dead by the whole world. However turns they are alive living a peaceful and happy life with each other (In the lake district). The only people who know they are alive are theirs friends, SONG and their families.
What is your opinion on GX?
Most of it apart from Maria's getting artiglam felt pointless.
I don't know anything possible.
That could happen.
I'm fine with Dess just not fine with despacito.
We are not doing that again
No
Do you agree?
Thank you
The three most strongest shipping in my opinion are Hibimiku, Tsumari and Whatever shirabe x kirika are called again.
The shipping will exist forever in the realms of time and space.
Question: how do you think XV will end.
This question is for everyone.
I just wish to see your interpretation.
There's only 13
I'm just thinking she might lose her arm in the final fight to...you know amp up the stakes.
Thanks melua
Aurora borialus
Does anyone have art with hibiki having a robot arm?
It doesn't matter if you don't.
I only asked you because I thought you would know someone.
Well does someone?
<@279341087494242304> can someone translate the comic.
Could someone translate this. Cause I would like to know what is said.
He eats them, to sustain his eternal life for he feeds on our pain.
Dang it not again. Should have done it one by one. Am I right?

There were order in my gallery
Dang it so close

Here they are
I have the images
I would like to know what it says
Also I once found hibimiku comic on pixiv but I can't remember the link. Luckily I have saved the images. It's more of an alternate take on the end of episode 10.
Stupid auto translate.
I meant I've
I seen that before.
Not if I have anything to say about it and I do.
Okay
<@279341087494242304>  Hey solopy, I've come up with more alternative endings for my sunshine in my head. Maybe even more messed up than the one that you wrote.
I did this as I think your fanfic is one of the best I've ever read and is quite an interesting what if. But I wanted to go deeper into the rabbit hole with this.
Question: do you think tsubassa will kill Fudou. Cause if she does, I would call it Karma.
Somebody should do fanart on that.
Just another day in the world of symphogear
Have we seen it?
Question is if magic is real in symphogear, is it better?
I just speculate cause there are a number of possibilities on how it could turn out.
Agree
That's true.
I double dare you
I feel like chris is the least important character in this season out of the main characters.
I meant t-shirt, jeans, jacket, hat and sunglasses.
Noooo in my clothes
And the shire
No, I have myself
Do you have your best friend in a bikini on your phone wallpaper.
Reallllyyyyy
Whenever people tell me that hibiki and are miku are best friends, I go reeeealllllyyyy
Let just hope XV more gay
I always thought that hibiki and miku would have twins. Just saying.
It is.
If hibiki and miku had kids. What names would they have?
Could the montage have their kids as well cause that would be adorable.
That's a cool idea.
I dunno how they work?
Maybe????
Might be a post credit scene. I dunno.
Melua that's exactly what I was thinking.
Do you think XV episode 13 should end with a montage.
I meant for now. Should have said that
Also Bird, technically it would be gods. But if your talking about a singular one, it would most likely Anu
I forgot to write the sooner the anime is over.
Yeah let's not. The sooner the anime, the sooner it will fade from our collective consciousness.
At least it isn't as bad as sword art online.
Also there is another episode of Symphocast for Episode 6.
As well as that inspector.
<@185949743321579520> I think Ver might also be a pedophile
Hmmmm I wonder why.
Cool
Yes
Okay.
And I mean Dawrves from Norse mythology.
I came up with a concept where all of the relics were created by a singular person know as "The Forger". He goes by many names including heptheus. However he did have help making the relics from Dawves.
That's fine.
I was expecting more detail but thats fine.
Question: Where would you want the final battle to be and how should it turn out?
Melua I'm sorry. I screw up all the time. Even at home. I just keep making the same mistakes over and over again.
Thanks
By the way is anybody going to upload the link to the symphocast discussion.
Hahaaha
And it horrifying
I do
Do you know what mnemoth looks like?
Would have been cool to see the users fight demons like mnemoth and beezelzbub. Then yet again that's a job for me, not them.
He also had sex with a snake and a wolf. Creating fenrir and the world serpent.
Chronos eats his own children to stop them from overthrowing him but zeus poisons him and makes him throw them up all fully grown. Then proceeds to cut him up into little pieces.
Question: whats your favourite XV transformation at the moment?
This show is full of so much references, it's gonna make my head explode.
I would love to see a portal to hell being opened and the gods are punched into it.
Question: which of those gods would you like to see physically within the show
And because the past is so vague in symphogear, that anyone can write what happened.
There is a lot of interesting concepts within Sumerian Babylonian and Mesopotanian mythology.
Just need to open a gateway to hell to send these "gods" back to where they came from.

He also in Constantine.
As well as disease.
This is Nergal god of war, fire and death

Technically pazuzu is also a Mesopotanian god.
These should not be there
Technically these most of the Babylonian gods are now demons such as Nergal. Pazuzu is also originally a Babylonian god.
He is also known as the supreme god

No Anu, the god of the sky and the cosmos in Babylonian mythology.
What???
Both give the power of gods
<@263983345669505025> do you think the bracelet is similar to that of the requiem arrow.
Chris is the straight man in the story.
It seems that all of the main characters are lesbians, except Chris.
If that happened, It would have been awesome.
That's fine.
Oh trust me.I think I'm more dark than solopy.
Although didn't maria get her transformation for artiglam in episode 7 of GX.
Also solopy made me love it even more with his fanfic.
I don't wanna say yes, but yes.
Also didn't the director say he wanted to do x-drive for miku in the anime.
Yeah, buuuuuuuuttttttt I just wanted her and hibiki to fight together.
Also she is my favourite character.
Yes
Looks like that'll never happen again.
Waited for miku transformation for 4 years. Oh well.
Yeah. Maybe we will see || god miku || in action.
I want a miku song.
Do you think there will be one with miku?
Question: do you believe we now have all of the songs in XV or do you believe there will be more. If so, which character would sing them.
And it is awesome.
I just wanted to know if they are good concepts and not terrible ones cause if they are I would be really embarrassed.
<@279341087494242304> have you seen my posts on <#357682999300718592>
<@279341087494242304> bikihina
Bird I think it is called hibimiku
<@279341087494242304> Hey solopy, what are your opinions on episode 6?
I'll keep writing my own concepts on the world that makes up symphogear and maybe even more on <#357682999300718592>. You can check it out.
Sakimori
There gone now
Also check out my posts on <#357682999300718592>
Should I move it to general chat?
Oh tell me about. My guilt eats me up very single day. I've lived my live regretting decisions I can't take back.
I knew i should have covered the text.
I just don't know when to keep my big mouth shut.
|| This was one of my favourite quotes from doctor who. I wanted to show it because I feel like this what most people should do when there is conflict.
 Because itâ€™s not a game, Kate! This is a scale model of war. Every war ever fought, right there in front of you. Because itâ€™s always the same. When you fire that first shot, no matter how right you feel, you have no idea whoâ€™s going to die! You donâ€™t know whoâ€™s children are going to scream and burn. How many hearts will be broken. How many lives shattered. How much blood will spill until everybody does what they were always going to have do from the very beginning. Sit down and talk!||
Insert peter capaldi doctor who quote.
Also genjuro, tell your "niece" that her "grandfather" is behind most of the activities over the last couple of weeks.
Talk about your problems before they consume you.
Tsubassa, just because your sad, doesn't mean you should make other people sad.
Noooooo
<@279341087494242304> did you ever come up with more messed up endings for my sunshine?
Well at least I got a conversation going
Finally, it was getting a little boring
<@260863818735943680> diavolo killed anyone who knew his identity even his own daughter
Diavolo and fudou are insane men who will hurt and kill anyone in their way. Even there own daughters.
Fudou is like diavolo.
And Fudou thinks he and tsubassa  are worthy of that power.
You get it.
Muh ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Soon we shall witness the radiance of our new god. Ha ha ha ha
1 hour before preview images
Miku's face in episode 6 should be a meme a this point.
Okay I'll give you that one. But they aren't as good as the first two seasons songs.
GX was the worst season, because it's songs were more forgettable than AXZ
Maybe her and maria talk.
Because it always leads to worst things I imagine.
Nikson what do you mean by I hope not.
For the first pic it looks like hibiki destroys the cocoon.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oUXojfMJ9TQ
I said it wrong.
Skinner: it seems we've entered the endgame.
Do you think that miku picture is a flashback as we been getting a lot of those in this season.
<@279341087494242304> The theme is now in <#357682999300718592>.
<@279341087494242304> Hey solopy I found a cool theme for your fanfic for 'My Sunshine'. I thought it fit really well.
Not parallels, cliche.
Although cliches aren't bad, it's just when they are pulled off poorly, they make the quality of the show poorer.
I mean the Isu are god like being with extrodinary power.
Who thinks the Custodians are like the Isu from assassins creed.
I DONT WANT MIKU TO DIE!!!!!...EVER.
I want hibiki to be happy.
That's a cool title.
Am I right? Because it doesn't make any sense.
Still his plan is bull shit.
SPINOFF
I've been a fan ever since I was 13. GX almost killed this series for me.
DO NOT TAKE THIS AWAY FROM ME.
Especially for Hibimiku
If there is no kissing scenes, I will not be satisfied.
KIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSS
Yes
She has had enough heartbreak.
I must protect this one.
Maybe she might quit being a protector
I feel like Little sword, going to ask herself at one point, what do I want?
Cuz that bastard deserves it. Unless they give him tragic backstory like I did.
Apart from fudou
Wahhhhhh
People keep saying Miku's going to die.
If that happens im gonna go in the corner  and never come back.
This season of XV gonna end like samurai jack isn't it?
I guess there will be more tragedy in the future. <:HibikiCrying:421432969996271616>
They should use that.
They can then make a franchise out of a expanded universe so then people will be more interested and want to buy their products which means they can have more money, and we can have more symphogear related content. It a win-win
I've always wanted to see a picture of hibiki from guilty sister
Ahhh, no I'm melting.
OH NO I've triggered you
What your idea?
Come to think about it, hibiki would then just become reclusive as well as try not to make attachments as she would believe that people that she would get close to will die.
I think her depression would be different from Edge!Bikki depression. Because it would be a different scenario.
No I mean they literay cannot live without the other. Hibiki would just fall apart and be in a depressive state for the rest of her life.
If Miku, dies then hibiki has too.
ONE CANNOT LIVE WITHOUT THE OTHER, THAT IS THE LAW.
There is now these days.
More 25-30%
Symphogear wiki
Unless XV changed that.
Also kiri is 16.
Wait it is?
Trish Una is 15 but she looks older than kirika.
15 Really!!!!
Except Italy
She might be legal in my country, but she aint legal in every country.
I mean it.ðŸ˜ 
Yes yes yes, give me more fanservice. The good kind, not whatever fucked up shit that they were planning for kirika
We already knew about this but It always nice to have a link. Thanks.
St Germain:  Have you got any apps in here.
Hibiki: Why would I have apps in there.
St Germain: Look I need something to do for the rest of your life, seeing as I'm stuck in here until you drop dead.
Hibiki: You could always talk to me
St Germain: So what do you want to talk about?
Hibiki: ummmmmm
St Germain: Exactly.
If you know what I mean boi. Heh heh heh.
Milk gonna minesweep biki
Where Dino and her go off across the states trying to stop a demon As well as finding the true story about Chris's parents death. They be hunted by bounty hunters and monsters but they meet friends who will join them on their journey.
Maybe she will meet will smith.
I literally found a memory erasure hypno video, so then I could forget I ever saw it.
NO NOT MADOKA. PLEASE THATS SERIES MAKES ME DEPRESSED, LITERALLY.
What if tsubassa dies instead?
That will make me feel really bad.
I mean cant she live a normal life without suffering.
After episode 13:
Already.
In my head: Don't screw it up, don't screw it up, don't screw it up.
XV has been a great season.
Indeed, so there seems to be something going on between them.
She just seems to be the straight man in the group.
DONT KILL ME.
My opinion: Never been a fan of chris x tsubassa. They just seem like friends.
Run.
Hibimiku was always the most worthy vessel.
More hibimiku moments
Fudou betrays noble red maybe?
Never saw that coming ( sarcastic tone).
Do you agree?
Yeah boi, possibly gonna hear that on either episode 12 or 13.
Do you like it?
Dino has done a shitpost.
Hibiki watching yu gi oh 5ds and saying to miku.
Hibiki: Miku. When I go back out into the field, I'm gonna do that move that junkyard warrior did.
Miku: For god sake hibiki...Why do you love that show so much.
Hibiki: Because....it's...cool
There even the same animation
Yu gi oh 5ds is an obvious one.
Ogawa is op as heck, man.
Maybe Liam Neeson.
Or tommy lee Jones.
TO THE POINT I HAVE A PHOBIA OF IT.
YOU CAN SEE I HATE MADOKA MAGICA.
Thank God, I love cats. BUT THAT CAT deserves to be sent to THE DARKEST PIT OF HELL AND NEVER RETURN EVER AGAIN!!!!
God it's like madoka all over again. Innocent girls who are fucked over by an alien cat who should have been put down and sent back to hell years ago
I hate people who it though. They're children for Christ sake.
I think you know what I mean about "children". Uhhhhhhh
I don't judge people's dreams. Unless it involves children, murder or any disturbing behaviour.
He can't, because he's scared of me.
That doesn't that bad. She disintegrated didn't she?
Nobody tells Dino what to do.
No
And I can't get sleep, I'm too excited.
Actually its quarter to one from where I am.
Well less doppelganger and more of a grudge that you ejected out of your body, which then manifested into a soul then possed into a dead child (which happened to be the same age as me Which was 11), morphed into a appearance that looks like me and can use magic more easily, kidnapped by a American organisation ( It was nice at first, but the scientist there didn't get the results they needed so they were "replaced"), tortured and experimented on then killing almost everyone, finding a new place to live in the Middle East ( A mountain region), being attacked by warlords, losing the love of his life and then realising that he is a cheap copy as well as realising that person had the power to save you which then turns you into a supervillain. 
Complicated backstory am I right?
Evil doppergangers am I right?
No that's Zino.
<@263983345669505025> But it just fun to play the villian, isn't it. And if you are seen as a great villain, then you'll have more praise than the heroes.
WHY HAVE ONE KERRIK, WHEN YOU CAN HAVE MANY.
MUH HA HA HA HA HA.
It would make sense then, why he wants tsubassa to believe that symphogears are useless. As he believes he found a more powerful and less restrictive way of creating super soilders for THE GLORY OF JAPAN.
Also I didn't say destroy the moon, I said remove the curse. Because if he destroys the curse, he could have an army.
NO GUNS as they are used by the cowardly bunch (Except chris, she can keep doing that.)
No killing because I'm batman
If he wasn't, I would strangle him with my bare hands, and then stop because I wouldn't want to go to that b*****d level.
YOU DATED RELIC PIECE OF S**T
I try to make sense of things that don't make sense. For example: Fudou plan because it's stupid. Because if he is found out, he will most likely be branded as a traitor to Japan.
And that is when I will say: How do you like the taste of irony.
OVERALL IT BECAUSE OF FUDOU SINGLE MINDEDNESS THAT HE HAS MOST LIKELY DOOMED NOT ONLY JAPAN BUT THE ENTIRE WORLD.
But then they destroy the curse. Which then allows the custodians to find the planet and then try to destroy it.
Fudou most likely wanted miku to destroy the curse of balal, so then he can wield the power of a god, Do so to tsubassa and make her his soldier and noble will use the power to make human bodies for themselves.
I just love Homosexuals. They get to be true to themselves and it's heartwarming to me.
I think I might be getting obsessed.
Yeah your right. But when you wait 5 years for this to get remotely close to what you picture including mind palaces, then you kind of get a bit overjoyed for this show.
Cintai, keeping your anticipations low is good. Because it will be even more better if the show possibly does it.
I'm just cheering for it.
No... hype.
HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU HIBIMIKU
It's going to be awesome.
I guess so, but it still would have been awesome.
Armless hibiki would have been so cool.
But instead it was used as a red herring.
She most likely went out for milk and also TO DESTROY THAT COCOON AND SAVE HER GIRLFRIEND.
Wait....Hibiki's not in that photo, which means.......OH NOOOOOOOO
Gonna on youtube at 6:00 as they have better subs.
5 hours and 20 minutes to go.
For me, it's been going quicker than other series
Is there Sword chris?
There not, are they? Should have known.
But they're good OC's right?
Ok.
This one is on the image.
Also the post above you solopy is more about me joking about my previous posts.
Dino: Zino stop writing these messages.
Zino: No, and anyway, weren't those feeling on madoka yours?
Dino: Yes, unfountunetly, I mean for heaven sake Zino, it gave me depression.
Zino: I know, and I enjoyed every second of it. Muh HA HA HA.
No I'm just crazy, cynical and overall just TIRED OF THE WORLD GOING TO SHIT.
I KNEW IT, I KNEW IT. I KNEW || DUR LA BLA || WOULD BE  BACK. HA HA HA.
1 hour to go.
The best song For carol now is 21st century schizoid man or should I say woman. HA HA HA HA HA.
21 st century schizoid woman.
Just appeared on crunchyroll collection.
Yes.
That is also a whip.
Gauntlet with dagger.
Sorry.
Please.
Don't make me go back.
MADOKA GAVE ME DEPRESSION.
NO MADOKA ENDING.... EVER.
IM NOT GOING BACK TO BEING IN THAT CORNER.
Carol: So did yours, but I'm not complaining.
DEVIL: YOUNG PUNKS, GET OFF MY LAWN.
MINDPALACE
Her talking to elfnine.
Gonna see inside carols head neck week.
Chris dies but gets better.
And then they make a rug out of him.
Then beats fudou with it.
Gen and Tsu vs Fudou.
KING CRIMSON.
Or diavolo.
THE UNSTOPPABLE EXODIA.
MY THEORY: || Carol and elfnine find a way to make carol a new body, and then both travel together to experience the world.||
I prefer good fanservice like endgame.
Like kirika.
So true.clap clap clap.
Yet again, for us carol's cool.
WTF
I prefer this than every being kept restricted.
Clever, they made that old in order to get away with it.
Also isnt she 500 years old.
Maybe Carol will try and kill miku.
Find out on the next episode of symphogear XV.
Is she good or is she bad still?
Cause she wearing heals.
Nobody move. Someone has skipped time.
Miku 's is my favourite transformation, been waiting for 4 years. If carols can happen, so can it.
Yes please.
FBI AT MY DOOR, MAN.
Should I delete it?
I have the transformation on my phone.
SOMETHING TRAGIC IS GOING TO HAPPEN.
For stands. I am aware he's been doing that since part 1.
Let's use music instead.
This is just getting cliche.
I know, I just love jojo so much.
Like MAGICIAN RED.
Isn't liking loli's illegal.
Wait. How old is elfnine?
Maybe????
But she is a good girl now. More anti-hero though.
We don't even know if she still has her memories.
Also she almost dies anyway.
She has, multiple times.
No
She might see her as a threat, as miku might be the key to the destruction of the planet.
<@279341087494242304> then what do you think will happen?
<@279341087494242304> Do you think carol will try and kill miku.
HAH
They have there argument and then fight together.
Then fighting together against big bad.
I can find carols transformation.
Please that's all I ask.
Just want a transformation.
Prefer solopy take.
Again.
Then push each other.
<@99695384296701952> not to the death. More until they just punch really slowly.
<@279341087494242304> yes yes yes yes YES.
question: Why IS carol new transformation more " risky"?
I keep saying ANU AND I WILL STICK WITH IT.
Duh duh dur
PLOT TWIST.
Very memorable character.
That's basically me if they kill either of those two.
Oh well at least gotham ended better.
Me: well that was a waste of 6 years, GOD DAMMIT.
Together. And then they both died. The end.
There not gods, there aliens who are afraid of 'the prophecy'.
Maybe the entire universe as they've done that.
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
And you'll never see me coming.
You never know.
WONDER IF CAROL AND ELFNINE PERSONALITIES WILL FUSE.
But that's your opinion and I have to respect it.
NANI!!!
But never being dead.
<@239893407122718721> not really, just stuck dieing forever.
LIKE DIAVOLO
Back to baby basa.
WONDER IF SHE WILL REGRESS BACK INTO SHY MODE.
Oh my god she is regressing into a little girl.
Now I will reach heaven.
The whole time.
No it was I DIO.
Carol the genocider.
Ultimate killing machine.
Like john wick. Baby.
HA HA HA. Insert carol face on here. Lol
Tiny carol.
No her weakness is headpat.
<@106866895076003840> like tiny Keanu Reeves.
<@279341087494242304> Please make an alternate XV fanfic.
And I like your work.
Stop me from enjoying your work.
<@279341087494242304> But ARTICLE 13.
<@279341087494242304> will your work disappear in 2 years.
I just did that above.
<@400844698140409856> yes my boi.
Already is since G.
Uses her strings like spider man.
F**k yes.
Yeah they did.
Fudou gonna raid AREA 51 or has he?
Not suitable for hugging.
Vicious, cold and violent.
Soft, warm and cuddly.
My dude, she's always been a hamster.
PLOT TWIST. NANI!!!!
NOM
Tsubassa just stabs it right in his jugular.
A F*******G PENCIL
By a pencil.

By fudou sword.
Then dies.
Catatonic.
NO ONE WILL INTERFER WILL MY SUCCESSOR'S LIFE.
Then murdered her.
Sorry for being blunt.
Her dad raped her mom.
Which is very weird.
Its not carol.
Suspicious. 
DAMMIT WE'VE JUMPED TO CONCLUSIONS.
Your right.
WHAT IF : IT ISNT CAROL BUT ELFNINE TAKING ON CAROLS PERSONALITY.
PLOT TWIST.
Yeah, your right, I guess you did something that the show will never do. And that's fantastic.
For me.
Solopy cemented it.
Now just got to wait for miku transformation and lots of gay kissing.
NEVER THOUGHT THEY WOULD DO BUT THE MADMEN DID IT.
THE HEART OF THE CARDS WILL DICTATE MY DECISIONS IN LIFE.
Kyaba: Now that's how it feels.
Me: why are you here?
Kyaba runs away.
Vanessa: aahhhhhhhh
HIT VANESSA LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY.
THE UNSTOPABLE EXODIA.
Also yes.
CAROL SMASH MIRACLES.
Broke it with her genocide.
So dated.
Ha ha ha ha.

Then their personalities fuse together and become Carnien.
Don't make me angry, you wouldn't like me when im angry.
Do you think that carol and elfnine are going to switch every time they want to talk to each other?
You mean zaccian.
And yet she still died.
Who knows who else she might lose.
Yeah that's true, it's like saying caitlin snow doesn't stop being caitlin when she is killer frost. Despite them being two personallities.
Hey Melua, on crunchyroll they call it elfnine's transformation. But it's carol.
Question: In carols transformation, did anyone notice that that something was cut? If not then that's just me.
OH NOOOOOOO
ADAM THE NAKED MAN.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1d4C1ZQKmw4
In the final episode, elfnine walks down the road and lonely man plays.
That was weird.
No it fused with elfnine.
That's true, She was never the offensive type.
<@152896851660505088> Hey millhi, I think chossei's right.
<@209896097026408449> Your right.
You'll never take me alive. Ahhhh
Every villain comes back to die again except ver and fine. That already happened.
CAROL SMASH MIRACLES.
Carol is like the hulk.
Not yet.
Before or after.
Was it?
I mean it was carol who did that shield.
Maybe but they already added the transformation on carols page even thought they should be on both pages.
Seeing what happen in episode 7.
Question: Do you think I should include Dur La Bla on elfnine's wiki page.
<@279341087494242304> Do you think I should include alchemy on elfnine's page. Cause it was her that did it.
Let's just wait till next episode.
FBI OPEN UP
YEAH YOURE RIGHT EXCEPT THEY CALL IT ELFNINE TRANSFORMATION.
No moves though.
I still think I should include alchemy on elfnine page on the wiki.
OH boy.
Maybe this time as by episode 12-13 all bets are off.
GEN: ah shit here we go again.
<@279341087494242304> you know like kirika.
<@279341087494242304> Hey, I felt that in elfnine transformation, they cut some part of it. But maybe that just me.
CAROL STRONGEST ONE THERE IS.
Did you mean the other way round.
No you'll get banned.
<@90164247643828224> Is it magical girl site?
Your right it is MIND MANIPULATION
No with everyone living.
I mean official
Well now I wish, this was real.
Yeah she was. I will remember you.
At least garie wasn't an asshole this time.
They really were. RIP.
Yeah, I'm waiting for hibiki/miku duet.
I wonder if elfnine and carol will talk to each other inside their head.
ANYONE HYPED FOR EPISODE 8?
Yeah.
This is a joke, not meant to be taken seriously.
<@279341087494242304> Elfnine is bruce banner and carol is the hulk.
Stay away
Foul beast
Lovecraftian horror
It's stupid and I love it.
Those are meant for punching and good handshake.
Before she goes off the deep end.
GEN TELL HER NOW.
I mean that what she was last episode.
OH No.
Like when tsubassa slapped Hibiki.
Maria slaps sense into tsubassa at some point.
No it Fudo's mind control.
I'll never outgrow this show.
Because there are positive and negative points in any form of media.
When it is used to critique something.
Negativity is fine
This is place where people can feel safe and talk about this anime.
Agreed.
Symphogear should never have worked and yet it did.
Next episode: Vanessa becomes a stump.
I wonder if they backup memories in her lab.
Maybe that's why she didn't go adult form.
No I think it's just Dur la Bla.
<@211827730403164160> Even I know that you never write that stuff.
I think somebody did this video too early.
Do you mean G
What.
We shall spread it to the masses.
Yes, let the dark power flow through you.
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
It all uphill from here maybe.
I strongly recommend it too. The delay was worth it.
Clever girl.
Then she burns them and ceases to exist.
ðŸ¤”
Either carol erases herself or erases elfnine. Which one?
I will restore balance back to the writing. All I need to do is snap my fingers.
Carol's plan was good until it wasn't.
Saying just magic is lazy, even I know that.
Like a computer.
That's what I said.
<@122102398108827653> If fudou was real I would say to him " The cycle ends here, we must be better", then snap his neck.
Not her, never her.
No
KIRU CHAN.
<@83626774000308224> Thank you. Somebody understand my pain, waiting for it for 4-5 years at this point.
Ok
Symphogear but in movie form.
Question: WHO IS GOING TO DIE?
More adam from the garden of Eden.
Well you need a army to find an army of aliens.
XV A series about 6 singing magical girls who are trying to stop a 100 year old nobunaga fanboy and  three monster girls from obtaining the power of god.
It just says he is 100+, so it up to us how old he is really.
Good HBO show, not all historically accurate all the time. But it does give you you the jist of it.
That's true. Maybe in XDU, they will do it.
Oh my god, I feel old. When you start to watch symphogear in your very early teens then it's ending when you have become an adult. Jesus Christ.
I don't know if that would work.
Somebody dancing to mr blue sky whilst the girls are fighting the coffin.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=B67TuUwghqE It's from this film. My favourite in the MCU.
<@99695384296701952> Hey, I have an idea: SYMPHOGEAR XV EPISODE 1 FIGHT SCENE BUT WITH MR BLU SKY LIKE GOTG VOL 2.
It's longer than the adult carol form.
I keep seeing people calling carol, elfnine  after the transformation but actually it should actually be carol in elfnine's body even though it was originally carol cause they fused in GX. This can get confusing sometimes.
Eshgetty
That's a bit drastic but I understand.
I was inspired by this for some reason.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=euB2d0qLn04&list=LLmFKNT8y0NvADvKaK3VflXw&index=2&t=0s
Vanessa: Welcome back carol, I give you oblivion.
Carol: Burn
Vanessa: screaming
I was just thinking this in my head and I just wanted to say it.
I'm gonna get crucified for that for that.
So in case, it isn't really carol, I am not upset.
I like to think multiple ways on how the next episode could go so then I am not disappointed with the outcome.
Did you know, that Hulk's voice actor was a complete different actor than mark ruffalo up until thor Ragnrock. Im just saying that cause instead of it being fully fledged carol it might be elfnine with carol's voice.
<@99695384296701952> Do you think elfnine will go to Germany at the end.
End of series: Elfnine goes to Germany like that fanmanga.
Surprise with milarac throwing elfnine but fine with milarac murdering her. Ok.
<@246146781832806401> Well we have been surprised this season, I don't know how this is gonna go.
Waiting for 4-5 years hoping to get it is a  nightmare.
I didn't say song.
And Fudou is a wealthy man with a private army. Hmmmm. Or the illuminati. Hmmmm.
Aren't there like multiple mirrors burried  all around China.
Where did that go then.
I meant it still in pieces.
Yeah but they didn't they used the whole relic.
I don't think so.
People have been saying that there are SSJ fragments in the bracelet.
BUT I WILL BE PISSED IF THEY LEAVE THE SHOW ON A CLIFFHANGER AND THEN SAY WATCH THE MOVIE THAT WILL COME OUT IN 2 YEARS TIME.
Like I said. This season is unpredictable cause anything crazy could happen in the next 6 episodes.
Still thinking aliens are gonna pop up.

My advice on XV: Everything is permitted.
Yes...they...certainly....do.
I meant it wouldn't be the first time XV has fakedout.
Maybe it is her. People have been theorizing that it might not be carol but rather elfnine having carol's voice after she transformed.
I realised that.
Oh yeah. Sorry.
Shouldn't this be on <#336297674707828747>
Rany
Like not putting DUR LA BLA on elfnine's page.
Still says that carol is dead on the wiki.
That unfountunetly fell apart.
Yes I was making a joke.
Or Sumerian and Mesopotanian.
Yes
Even people who believe in the annukai.
All religions are welcome here.
I mean it might be right.
But that's going over the edge.
I mean I am Christian.
I remember a crazy old man saying that and me replying with Okayyyyyyy.
I know the custodians aren't actual gods. BECAUSE THE REAL GOD IS ABOVE THE UNIVERSE LISTENING TO HIS CHOIR OF ANGELS.
HE IS SO DISTRACTED THAT HE DOESNT NOTICE THE SUFFERING THAT IS CONTINUING ON IN THE UNIVERSE.
But still you would never expect elfnine to get any character development.
Yeah the rest can go to tsubassa, hibiki and miku.
That's true. Just one more episode.
So what were you thinking.
No that was auto correct.
<@263983345669505025> Wait kerrick are you thinking what I'm thinking.
Me: Hey, carols back
Episode 8 happens
Me: Annnnnndddddd now she's gone.
Don't want her to become useless again.
Let's keep that going, huh.
Might give elfnine character development even more.
Question: Do you think carol will die next episode much like how the autoscorers died again last episode. I just saying cause both Ver and fine died.
Also isnt that carol again, it's still confusing because different voice actresses. Hope more will be explained next episode.
I meant more of the witch hat. That would be cute on her.
Elfnine would look great in a hat.
WEAR THE HAT, WEAR THE HAT, WHERE THE HAT.
But now she does stand. STAND HER GROUND ON HIGH HEELS. WOAHHHHHH
But AXZ overall is better than GX.
Yeah, she will cause at least she doesn't run off unless she has made miku angry.
Genjuro more of a dad to Hibiki than Akira is to her.
I don't know why they made it an arc in GX.
Yeah hibiki's mum deserves better.
Yes, don't bring trash scarecrow. Last time we permitted him in, he was eyeing tomotsu.
I downloaded mine from VK and the quality is great.
Question: Who thinks after the series ends, they start making movies.
Elfnine joins the fight.
No I don't want to see that.
The legion of doom.
A supervillain team. Hmmmm. Like the sound of that.
We're done with ver.
Not again.
Noooooo
Too bad it's at the end or is it? Duh duh dur duh.
Maybe it's not over, maybe carol burns away and elfnine has to finish them off.
Would you Kerrik.
Good.
Don't let my soul become tainted.
Kill me.
God DAMMIT trueblade.
Noooooooo
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I don't want tsubassa to kill him, I want maria to do it.
But adding that would make me hate him even more and make it SO MUCH MORE SATISFYING when he gets that comupence.
We really don't know a lot about him.
Not yet.
<@247701824335904770> Fudou admits thinking he will push tsubassa to kill him so then she can become just like him.
A COLD BLOODED KILLER.
But then she refuses.
But then she lives, somehoooooww.
So he got rid of them to keep her wrapped around his finger.
He didn't want anyone making tsubassa weak due to him wanting her to fulfil her role.
FUDOU THEN ADMITS TO KILLING HER MOTHER AND BEING PARTIALLY RESPONSIBLE IN KANEDE'S DEATH.
The feeling will kill me.
I'll shrivel like a prune.
Noooo, I need more than that in order to survive. I feed off love.
Then fudou charges and maria knocks him out in one punch.
<@193408538909868033> Now I'm sad. I'm just having fun
Chew.
The dwang will never end.
No. Jojo must last forever.
<@115744398997716995> You are a genius. Someone should do that.
Giorno piano plays. MUDAS milarac into an infinate death loop.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tLyRpGKWXRs
Play giorno piano.
About to be killed by a god killer.
It the morning here.
Thank you.
Yeahhhhhh. Ummmmmmm.

I mean it is a woman orca hybrid.ummmhh that's all you need to know.
<@193408538909868033> did you mean orca the batman supervillain.
Solopy wins as most disturbing person on here.
FUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKK
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Nooooooooooo
The question how gayer will she be when she wakes up.
And miku is that friend who is obssed with you to the point of not thinking of anyone else.
Ha ha ha.
Shirabe is.....uhhhhhhhhh, I can't get a read on her.
Dess.
Kirika is kiraka
Alright this killing my high, I'm out.
And it's my fault.
I feel like this has stopped being XV at this point.
I need to hear these.
No not 4kids, stay away. Back foul beast, BACK INTO THE PIT OF HELL.
At least it would be better than the broken english we got.
The anime will get an english dub we just have to try harder.
Then we shall do It again like the crusades.
Can we get back to conquering the west.
Okay. Didn't even know it existed.
For the 17th august will be known as carols day.
FOREVER.
In our hearts she will live on.
Before ceasing to exist like fine.
Miku gonna fuse with the bracelet's power and she going to use that power to piss on the moon.
what about the other ending.
NOOOOOOOO
Go live peacefully in the Lake District with miku, have kids, don't be burdened with this life anymore. Solopy, wouldn't you agree, I mean she can help people but more small scale this time.
Go for 2, your job is done, you don't need to do this anymore
And when you mean future, you mean  Miku....ayyyyyyy.
Also on <#336297387863703552> , I talked about spider man deal falling apart.
I know. But every day is a day closer to the future.
No but we can believe it is.
And everyone else.
With miku
OUT OF ORBIT.
Hibiki punches an alien planet which is also a space station
<@99695384296701952> Hey Melua, do you think aliens are still on the table. The girls have still got go to the moon as It was hinted at.
Then dies because of it.
Ha ha, that's my one per post.
Reverse the polarity.
Then stabs him with her sword.
Maybe more like you'll be like everyone else weak and pathetic, not fit to be a sentinal. And she'll go like, I'll forge my own path without you or this title.
I would wish for that to be fudou final words to tsubasa.
Also Kerrik, you might be right, that might explain the giant frieza fetus in the sky.
Tsubasa: What's wrong about that.
Fudou: You kill me, you'll just just be like everyone else.
Tsubasa: UNCLE.
Tsubasa: No Uncle what are you doing, you can't.
Tsubasa: What?
Gen: I'm damn lucky you're my niece.
Gen: I'm sorry i didn't stop him.
Gen: He may have been your father, Tsubasa but he wasn't your dad.
But both him and genjuro may not have been their father's but he was certainly their Dad.
||YONDUUUUUU||
Never got over ||Yondu's death||
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1gtbfuZaHg
Do a funeral scene with father and son playing in the background. Make me cry for daddy Genjuro's death.
Wow, you just like shattering my heart into little pieces, don't you. Now i've got to go and glue it back together.
You mean heaven don't you. Also let them be happy.
Somebody gonna die aren't they. I know the monster girls and Fudou will most likely. But who out of everyone (who aren't those characters) do you think will die?
Yeah.
Saint Germain was the Best character in Axz.
But can everyone agree that AXZ and XV  are improvements.
Agreed
But I agree, it's not all terrible.
It is the worst season.
Yes.
GX was the worst season to me because it didn't give me what I wanted.
Also everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Anything with carol is good.
GX is terrible. It basically a filler season isn't it.
Until Saturday.
And now:
Anything could happen at this point.
As long as miku gets a transformation, this will be my favourite season. Elfnine\carol got one and no one expected it.
Yeah that will happen.
Cypher, first point will most likely happen. Second point, I'm not sure on.
But does mine seem likely?
If Miku is taken back to SONG, then Fudou needs a backup plan.
Agreed. <@263983345669505025> Do you think Fudou will use seal control on Tsubasa to make her take miku to him.
<@279341087494242304> What do you think of my prediction.
Fudou does this cause he's had enough of this nonsense and wants to get the girl no matter what even of it means revealing himself as the true mastermind.
My prediction  for XV episode 8: Carol/Elfnine beat the monster trio then they take miku back to SONG however Fudou has a backup plan in Tsubasa by using the seal control on Tsubasa to mind control her and make her bring Miku to him.
Uhhhhhhhhh. Ok
Miku better do something or I've wasted 4 years of my life.
Nobody expected a carol song sooooo.
Do you think there will be a Miku song.
There's a reason why a human body has one soul.
It's not natural for a body to have two soul.
Question: How do you think episode 8 will turn out? I want to know before the pictures come out.
They usually appear at around 10:00- 10:30.
There are no photos, NANI.
Ahhhhhhhhhh
Didn't know that.
Okay.
You mean 2 days unless you count the pictures.
Carol: Hey you got minesweeper in here.
Elfnine: I'm two girls now.
Carol: Sup.
Chain her up and make her listen to the chain.
<@468591607332208641> I like your idea.
Maybe see one inside of elfnine's mind.
Gonna see what the pictures are tomorrow at 10am.
Nowwww. The fun begins. 
Heh heh heh Ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA WHA HA HA HA HA
Pretty much.
Elfnine: I'm not as strong as you.
Carol: No, your stronger
Was gonna release before pics.
Yahhhhh
Or elfnine pretending to be carol only she goes too far.
Yes this is definitely carol.
Nicecu Nicecu, very nice Maya-chan.
Maybe there is a delay for this week's episode.
MORE LIKELY CUSTODIANS WILL APPEAR NOW.
To destroy the world
But then aliens arrive.
Just guessing at this point. But still likely.
She wants to use miku to destroy the world.
Carol becomes big bad.
Biggest worry is it's carol that transforms  Miku.
Then everyone vs Custodians.
XV EPISODE 8
Zino: So a new player has entered the fray.... Goooooooddd.
That music is perfect.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RG8YTAoRWEQ
INSERT GOD OF WAR PS4 MUSIC.
Fudou avhinkuk najor iuk beavavas avhan everyone eluke nalkrulji liwo baj iav even ma ukaaviukfyaumn nalkruska najor iuk killun afar hiuk daughavas
I'm learning the black speech of MORDOR.
Carol liwo be no maavch for avhe powas ro avhe goduk even wiavh lav-li genocide.
Ok.
Pictures also tell a story and what about the song.
Who thinks that carol is evil. Or is she just being an extreme anti hero.
ZINO: Carol must not get in the way on my plans. I am so close to fulfilling them. 50 years, this has taken. 
Its require murder, manipulation, theft....mind....control but that has been all worth it because now I can finally cure the sickness on this planet...Humanity.
Zino: or me.
Unless the plot demands it.
Carol: whatever doesn't kill me..makes me stronger.
HIBIMIKU feels. Hgggggggghhnnn
Zino: let the feels begin. Now suffer.
Zino: plays toreador march.
ZINO: Then LET THE ENDGAME BEGINNNNNNN.
Zino: The game is entering the final round, shall we begin.
In my universe she gets defeated by Zino quite easily.
Maybe a little less but still very violent.
<@279341087494242304> Do you think carol is a villain?
Sorry posted wrong video, here is the right one.
<@279341087494242304> Me after carol said her catchphrase.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=l1aR8oifo7o
Me if miku dies: 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rAxEQx4Z-Qk
Miku ku goaumn ve geav fistun afar hibiki shal bun
Hmmmm. MIKU IS THIRSTY FOR DEM FISTS. OH YEAH.





After XV, someone should make post XV fanfic.
More best timeline.
HIBIMIKU couple.
True. <@398201668338057216> but it always good to dream.
At least solopy did it.
Now this is this best timeline.
I know it might not happen. But I like to be optimistic.
They could surprise us.
<@398201668338057216> we have had plenty of surprises this season. Don't give up yet.
The last scene is them watching the shooting stars.
We see a 10 year montage in ending credits. <@398201668338057216> would that be good.
That will make my heart skip a beat.
Hibiki and miku become a couple by episode 13.
But people just seem to bleed on it.
I don't want anymore blood on it.
No character is dieing on my watch. I just  washed my floor.
The Weeb knight rises.
And I am the most degenerate. Bringing my filthy memes here.
<@102691114762371072> woah sakimori.
Yeah, there never going to do a eng translation so it would be best to keep it in case newbies wish to play it.
XDU isn't special anymore.
We must leave no trace that we were here. We must return back to the shadows.
God damn, what we going to do after XV ends. Delete this discord.
<@279341087494242304> I know. She is defeated by time stop magic.
I.....just....need.....time.....away.
I'll be back someday.
Knew this couldn't last.
Being a nuisance was never my intention.
I'm going now.
Those kids killed me and stole my money
Then he tripped and fell on his face Whilst the kids kicks him repeatly.
He then escaped from the pre-school, got stabbed and died.
The End.
Some kid swipped it from him when he wasn't looking.
Then yet again, he would probably get his arse kicked by them.
Or in my country pre-school.
More kindergarden.
And then run away to his house and cry like a little schoolgirl.
Life is beautiful and that's why we shouldn't take it for granted because it could all go away in a second.
Isn't that right?
You've only got one life, best to live it to the fullest.
Why did i do this. I dunno, why do I do anything....Why not?
Ver: Noooooo
Maria: Is that true.
Dino: Not yet, as long as he DOES'NT APPEAR IN THE LAST SEASON
Ver: You can't stop me, I'm too damn popular.
Ver: But I'm the last action hero.
Dino: No, you're the worst thing possible...A MEME.
DINO: NO BAD VER, get in the box....I said get in the box.
Ver: I will destroy the planet and breed to the nearest female
Maria: But I'm the nearest female.
Sorry just remember what his plan was.
Ughhhhhhhh.
VER THE LAST ACTION HERO: HERE I COME TO SAVE THE DAY.
Boy, tomorrow hey, might not survive. My heart might explode.
Ok.
Thank you Kerrik.
Too many I think. Too many.
I appreciate that. I'm not very good at social media.Due to my autism and anxiety, I've been a very anti-social person which means I can do a lot of stupid things.
Remove them if they are causing a problem.
Especially with the conversation.
I though these were relevant.
They don't leave the link here.
I just think tsubasa gonna mind controlled by her scumbag of a grandfather then maria is forced to fight her.
That's fine.
Ok
<@193408538909868033>
Hey how hyped are you for a Maria and Tsubasa fight.
I respect your preference.
Good strategy.
I understand
Ok.
Find it on YouTube.
This is the greatest hype since G episode 10
Also did you think I wasn't going to talk about this episode.
Also I'm dramatic, it's who I am at the end of the day.
I was tired.
Yeah boy. By the way I'm back. I have chilled.
The custodians might be called Anu,Innana and Anlil
Ok bye <@139432096023183360>
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suns_in_alchemy
Now I wish that was real. Also the reason for the lion:
Now I wish, they were still alive.
EDGEBIKKI.
We have got to dive down. The hype energy will be overwhelming.
6 hours left to go. Oh boy.
I mean people feel different things when watching this show. But we can all agree that we like this show a lot.
Most emotional day.
I can't calm down. HELP.
ZINO: You got to see how it began and now...... you get to see how it ends.
Both. Give us flipping both.
God DAMMIT I've ruined the moment again.
Just left me calm down first of all. Just let me breath.
4 YEARS.
Finally after all these years, I finally got what I wished for.
Muh heh heh heh heh heh Ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
So this is heaven....not disappointed in the slightest.
LET THE MEASLY MORTALS BOW TO OUR NEW GODDESS.
ENKI knew they come back, so he created a device within the moon to hide and protect us from them. The problem is when it did that it created a frequency that affected human brains making them more prone to violence.
Enki activated it to protect us, it just had a slight side effect.
Hiding us from their wrath.
BUT FIRST THE CURSE HAS TO GO. WHY DO YOU THINK THEY DIDNT COME BACK. IF THEY THOUGHT HUMANITY WAS OFFENDING THEM THEY WOULD HAVE DESTRPYED THEM ON THE SPOT. THE CURSE ISNT WHAT IT SEEMS.IT PROTECTING US.
THE GODS WILL COME DOWN TO THIS EARTH AND PUNISH THE SINNERS FOR THEIR CRIMES AGAINST THEM. If this action doesn't make them pissed and scared, I don't know what will.
That's why they put hybrid gears in XDU.
But it also kind of true.
I'm joking by the way.
By her light.
All of demons have been purified.
I can move on now.
I.....Finally....win.
I never thought I would reach the same happiness that i had when I watched G episode 10. But this.....This is a long time coming. I have forgiven GX for all of its sins because it has finally come to this.
But I finally have reached my true happiness. The moment I've been waiting for for 4 years. God I need a life.
Symphogear plot twist.
Enki was attacked before it finished. The curse of balal isn't a curse, it's our greatest defence. That my headcannon.
He might be Anu
Wrong, it was me, it was me the whole time. Muh mug HA HA HA HA HA
Now all we need is the gods to appear and try to destroy the earth and everything I predicted will be true.
Sorry.
<@99695384296701952> don't you think so.
APPLE IS ENKI SONG TO FINE. I BET MY WORD ON IT
MIKU DEEP DESIRES STILL EXIST.
<@279341087494242304> I KNOW, IF YOU WANT PROOF LOOK AT THE POST I MADE.
It gave the best damn fanservice i could ever have.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I WAS RIGHT.
The Moon protects the world. <@279341087494242304> it all makes sense. The curse was an aftereffects. To protect us from the Gods.
So I am.
And it won't stop.
INDEED AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Yes  <@279341087494242304> when I saw it, my heart skipped a beat. I never it would happen again. Now you've got to make a fanfic about it.
I'm autistic.
ME TOO
Ahhhhhhhhh. 4 YEARS I'VE WAITED, THEY CALLED ME A MADMAN. SAID IT WOULD NEVER IT WOULD HAPPEN, WHOSE LAUGHING NOW. HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
I CANT DEAL WITH THIS. THIS IS THE GREATEST HIGH. I'VE FOUND TRUE HAPPINESS.
Stop staying in the past.
I would have done it a long time ago. But I think I will be better. I can finally move on.
Oh miso, if it were that easy.
I did. It didn't work.
I can't calm Down. Help
SORRY BUT 4 YEARS.
TO OUR OWN SOULS.
MIKU DESTROYS THE MOON. THE MOON IS OUR DEFENCE. ENKI PROTECTED HUMANITY AT A COST.
FOR THEIR CRIMES.
AND NOW THEY ARE COMING TO END HUMANITY.
I KNEW THAT WORD WAS GOD.
I KNEW ABOUT THAT. AFTER THEY SHOWED THE BRACLET.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh
We both need to chill. Nope can't do it.
Sorry I'm just so excited.
Ok
<@279341087494242304> I HAVE FALLEN AND I CANT GET UP.
<@279341087494242304> BEHOLD OUR GODDESS.
All spanning for 11 years.
23.
Endgame is the greatest form of fanservice ever.
Symphogear: Hold my beer.
SNAP
FATE: I AM INENVITABLE.
Probably. Anything possible now.
But she's an extra like kanede and serena. They've been planning this.
MIKU IS ALWAYS PAIRED WITH SERENA AND KANEDE. WHICH MEANS? SHITTTTTTTTTTT
OH WAIT.
Yeah but this is symphogear.
PROTECT MIKU AT ALL COSTS. I JUST GOT THIS BACK. NOT LOSING IT AGAIN.
HER ANGEL.
THE GODDESS ONLY HAS ONE PERSON THAT SHE GAVE HER HEART TOO.
But she is not for us.
Oh flip yeah she can.
I know, but he predicted it.
Because solopy, you're that good of a writer.
Bleughh
Bad memories.
Nooo not madoka. Ohhhhhh
No
Anu: You have. The End of mankind.
FUDOU: BUT I AM WORTHY, WITH THIS POWER, I COULD BRING A NEW ERA.
Anu: You are vermin, you do not belong with us. You will die like all the other filth that we have eradicated.
FUDO gets killed by Tsubassa or the Annukai.
There gonna be a BATTLE FOR THE AGES. ONE WHERE IT DECIDES THE FATE OF OUR FUTURE. MORTALS VS IMMORTALS. YOU DECIDE.
Noble red help try to save humanity and ultimately die for it.
5 Episodes.
Well she always paired up with kanede and serena in promo material like in XDU sooooooooooo.....
My prediction that hibiki B song will be in episode 9. MIKU DESTROYS THE CURSE and the Annukai will come and try to destroy humanity. What do you think?
The day where the original sin is cleansed forever.
Blood will be spilt on judgement day.
There will be blood in the fields and Valleys.
There will blood on the towers.
There will be blood in streets.
They will be here soon
BING BONG BING BONG
JUDGEMENT DAY IS COMING.
Watched every movie except captain marvel. Yessshh
I am lucky, I was around when it began.
Agreed.
EVERYONE LISTEN. WHAT IF THE CURSE ISNT A CURSE ACTUALLY.
One that may change the perspective of the series.
Hey solopy I want Fine flashbacks, they might explain a lot about the past and may create a plot twist.
THE SONG OF HIS PEOPLE.
APPLE IS ENKI'S SONG TO FINE.
I DONT WANT THAT IT TO HAPPEN BUT ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE NOW.
Carol absence as a playable character, mikugear event and the fact that miku is grouped with two characters who are dead.
MIKU WILL DIE WONT SHE.... SOLOPY. I MEAN SHE IS ALWAYS PAIRED IN THE GROUP WITH KANADE AND SERENA IN XDU. THIS IS NOT A COINCIDENCE, XDU TELLS US SO MUCH ABOUT THE STORY. 
What do you think?
Lucky for me I have no other important stuff at the moment.
The podcaster might be right about miku.
I prefer symphocast though.
I seen him before.
The whole universe will be your jury.
Ahhh you were so close hibiki.... so close..But...this was always inevitable.
Humanity has lived in the shadows running from the justice that they deserve.
And your best friend will bring them here... to judge you all and bring you back into....The light.
NOW MY VENGENCE CAN BEGIN.
NOW THE BLOOD IVE SPLIT WILL BE JUSTIFIED.
NOW I WILL MAKE THIS WORLD ANEW
AND LEAD HUMANITY TO GREATNESS.
BUT FIRST THIS COPY MUST BE BURNED BEFORE IT CAN BE REMADE AGAIN.
No need to rush it.
2 YEARS IS FINE.
Everything works out for me.
IM TOO DAMN LUCKY.
It's not that bad. It will be worth it.
Can't sleep cure I'm not tired.
<@216181207874928640>, My heart is pumping and it won't stop.
I drink hot chocolate.
Must stay awake to watch the next episode.
Me neither.
Yes me too.
CAUSE IM HOPING THAT ALL OF THEM FIGHT AGAINST THE CUSTODIANS. NEBERU IS COMING.
I wonder if Hibiki b song will be in next episode or episode 10.
BEST XV TRANSFORMATION.
LETS KICK GOD'S ASS ( AND MAYBE THE DEVIL TOO).
THEN WE BETTER PUMP IT TO 12 THEN SHALL WE.
BUT IS IT IMMUNE TO ITSELF. PROBABLY.
It's a god that immune to the god killer. FUDOU YOU SMART SON OF A BITCH.
Hey solopy what if Hibiki sings just for you, and miku will snap out of it then she will be kidnapped by custodians to be a battery to power their " SUPER DEATH LAZER" to destroy the entire planet.
THEN he takes his robe and has armour underneath.
There both idiots.
AND SING LITTLE HAMSTER SING.
I think this fight will not require punching but rather opening your heart.
<@202536957685923841> I Think the final bosses will be the custodians after they find the earth as it was hidden to them by the curse of balal.
Fudou thinks he will get the power of the gods when miku destroys the curse of balal however all that he will get is oblivion. <@202536957685923841>
Or ANU.
I don't think miku is the final boss.
THEN she loses it.
She is now immune to the Fist.
NO SHE HAS TO DESTROY THE MOON.
Actually Shemha might be the divine power itself taking control.
Yeah she enjoys its. But Shemha won't.
NANI
Like solopy story, tsubasa kills her and finds peace.
FUDOU IS THROWN AWAY BY THE CUSTODIANS INTO THE TRASH LIKE THE RAT HE IS.
That's why i created ZINO.
Who have depth.
FUDOU IS A CHARACTER YOU JUST LOVE TO HATE. A PERFECT VILLAIN. BIT I PREFER VILLAINS LIKE THANOS.
NEITHER.THERE PRICKS.
In fact none of you will, because your time of judgement has arrive.
GODS: YOU ARE VERMIN FUDOU, YOU COULD NEVER HAVE THE POWER OF THE GODS.
I wonder if she'll wear that still.
Hibiki and miku deserve to be happy.
If it turns out the same way in the MY SUNSHINE alternate ending. I WILL SCREAM.
Too soon.
Indeed cypher. I know this is a coincidence but SOLOPY YOU CAN SEE THE FUTURE MAN.
Enki is the god of water creation and semen.
Custodians  <@202536957685923841> are Babylonian gods.
I WONDER  <@202536957685923841> if Gods like odin were normal people before the relics and divine power made them into gods.
PROBABLY.
FBI ARREST THIS MAN.
Please Noooooooo
Apple is ENKI'S SONG TO FINE. I BET ON IT.
THEN ACTUAL GODS COME, AND HIBIKI MIKU CAROL AND EVERYONE FIGHTS THEM IN A MASSIVE BATTLE IN SPACE.
Fudou:
AVENGER ENDGAME XV
HIBIKI: Lets kill this bastard this time.
To try and summon the Other gods.
What if, SHEM HA BECOMES MAIN VILLAIN AND USES FUDOU AS A PAWN.
A boulder from really far away.
Pebbles, Fudou can throw mountains.
In 2049 Hayley' s comet will pass over. Those two will probably see it.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh
Please.
Don't bring madoka into this.
I mean the guys deserve it. Wish he turn to dust.
Lower than fudou.
HIBIKI AND MIKU VS THE SUPREME CUSTODIAN.
Will die if she doesn't help hibiki in the final fight.
MY HEART.
Thanos: I will strip this man down to the last atoms.
Thanos: So pathetic, the power of the gods in hands of a schoolgirl.
The power stone is in SHEM HA. HURRY THAMOS IS COMING.
With THE infinity gauntlet he'd end the fight in seconds.
Imagine if THANOS just strolled in.
THANOS ON THE OTHER HAND.
That rapist does not have my sympathy.
Fudou then has a good reason. Hghhhhh I can't believe I said that.
Then
More hibiki punching more gods.
Alien invasion would be the perfect way to end the series.
Anything is possible melua
Still.
MY bet is on the Custodians.
If Shemha was the last boss, she would have appeared later.
Like wormtounge.
By pretending to be its servant. Basic manipulation
Because now hibiki and them will be his undoing.
He should have made sure they were dead.
FUDOU JUST FUCKED UP.
Vanessa: look we fucked up but we where trying to get our normal bodies back.
And because now there are actual gods in the sky ready to destroy the planet. We will help you.
NOBLE RED NOW HELP HIBIKI.
I have waited for this since G.
Just milarac.
Yes with carol and Godmiku
And more controllable.
Man was not pure.
Not everything has to be dealt with fist. Unless their evil in which they get Fisted.
Hopefully they deal with it another way.
Especially since it would be immune to the GOD KILLER POWER.
Drive ignite is gone though.
Again.
I wonder if SHEM HA will wear that robe.
Like the pony tail.
Finally. Yeahhh boiiiii.
When a mortal falls in love with a god. Sounds familiar.....hmmmmmm.
Yes I hope so. Hibiki frees miku with a kiss.
Ninja skills.
Oh course it is. It hasn't been like this since Ever.
I mean she's not dead......yet, but we can fix that can't we.
Your dead friend.
That ANU's job unfountunately.
TYR is the Norse god of war.
Isn't a real relic. I mean they could use TYR.
Oh no it's full of jam. How did That happen.... god DAMMIT Tsubasa.
AND kills fudou with one shot.
Fudou last boss fight.
That power will be fine. Meh ha ha ha.
Adam returns from the grave. He smelt that Divine power.
You could not not live with your own failures.
Yeah Adam. This is your fault you dick.
Me too. Phone on 3%
SHEM HA would like a word with you.
What if miku wins the battle and Visits Fudou.
I WIN.
Killing her at this point would be a lindness
But she would still suffer losing the two people she cares. It a fate worse than any death.
Actually that would just be bad. #letdrverrest.
No more death unless it's fudou.
Slurppp.
Drink all that linker up.
OK guys, choose which option.
OPTION A) Hibiki uses her b song to save miku and they both confront the Big  bad.
OPTION B) MIKU becomes the main antagonist and fights the six girls and the others for the rest of the season. They free her eventually.
OPTION C ( LEAST LIKELY) ) HIBIKI is forced to kill Miku in order to save the world. LIFE'S A BITCH.
Just headcannon it.
SHEM HA wants to bring his family here.
<@260863818735943680> gets it.
But she can still destroy it.
Eventually yes.
To get rid of the Curse and it not like they would stop her.
Maybe SHEM HA has astral projection, influencing people to do certain things within the series so then it is closer to his resurrection.
Maybe after miku destroys the moon which would then allow SHEM HA to possess any body.
What do you think?
Sorry didn't notice.
ENKI AND HIM HAD A FIGHT THAT RESULTED IN THEM BOTH DIEING. HOWEVER SHEM HA HAD A BACK UP PLAN AND RETREATED TO THE COFFIN HOPING FOR SOMEONE WITH THE POWER TO WEILD THE BRACELET WHICH WOULD ALLOW HIM TO POSSESS THEM.
So we are all agreeing now that SHEM HA might posses fudou.
SHEM HA maybe IS the forgotten god in the custodian royal family. He's Enki's lost brother for seeks revenge on enki for  stealing his girl.
THE CUSTODIANS Trying to destroy humanity.
The curse was activated by ENKI who loved finÃ¨. Why would he do it unless he had no choice.
I Think the curse is a little less obvious than that.
Maria solves everything. Like bruno she is best mum.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=L0So2JrvnWY
 Here your answer ladies and gentleman.
Both mums would risk their lives for their children.
Maria will sacrifice herself like bruno.
Airgetlam is the key.
Next to his unseen arm.
He had a stab wound on his left side.
My headcannon: We will definately find out who stabbed Enki.
Second.
Shhhhhhhhh
Some secret are just best forgotten
Look at the Egyptians gods.
Other aliens, might be quite a cool concept.
Like asgardians.
In Dc there is literally old gods like the Greek and the new gods which are alien gods.
Look when you watch a lot of superheroes, it can influence you.
I think it was more Custodians vs other gods.
Make it easier to fill in the gap then doesn't it though.
It would be nice to have flashback.
Except for 2 episodes.
I don't care, I had fun doing this.
It could be right and it could be wrong. I never said it was definitive. I just trying to connect all of the unanswered questions together.
The curse might be a side effect then.
It just doesn't make sense why ENKI would activate the Curse unless it wasn't an actual curse.
Not the fanfic that's different.
It will appear eventually in document form.
It is gone now.
Okay.
She should do more unique voice acting.
YES carol does sound like that. What do think of my dialogue?
It is gone now. It will appear later in document form.
Music that was used when bruno outsmarted diavolo.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HNETpTyAxeE&t=58s
That she would die for the family she has made.
I'm just saying that Maria has grown so much.
I agree with solopy.
Maybe but which one would be the more sane one.
I've uploaded a document on <#357682999300718592>. Check it out.
It kept his spirit in there for thousands of years under the ice.
Unlike Hibiki who was the anchor, the bracelet is the anchor.
You just have to destroy the anchor that's keeping him here.
IM JUST SAYING HOW DID THE HOLY CORPSE HAVE THE BRACLET WHEN ENKI HAD IT IN EPISODE 1.
What if he is cause for most events in the series. Astral projection.
What I'm saying is that SHEM HA IS most likely XV main antagonist.
Also I think SHEM HA sprit is trapped in the bracelet.
I mean she might be in the final battle.
Tops.
For about 2 episodes.
What if SHEM HA escapes from the bracelet and possess Fudou.
Hopefully episode 9 or 10.
Well it's up to me to get her soul back. OFF TO HELL I guess....
Pretty much miku's soul is somewhere else at this point.
Also:
Chugga Chugga Choo Choo.
Hibiki is gonna have go through hell and back in the last episodes.
Woah nelly...All aboard..we have five stops left before out destination. Enjoy the ride.
Yeah but this was.....too soon.
Oh yeah it's eternal oblivion time. He's right hibiki didn't deserve any of this. That face is meme quality.
GOOOOOOOODDDDDDD
If SHEM HA is the main villain and wants to destroy the planet:
Most likely. That what I was thinking.
I wonder if we will see all the transformation sequences in the last episode.
What if FUDOU dies but his corpse is possed by SHEM HA.
Hopefully she has it for the rest of the season.
More of that please.
She just happen to fall in love with one.
I am aware.
I think she was human.
They came to earth posing as gods (possibly faked that they created humans) as they were afraid that a the human race would destroy them. So they been colonizing different alien planets to make sure that they can never be overthrowed. Eventually it did happen.
They created humans and then try to.... destroy them.
Ancient Alien civilization. Like the engineers.
Most likely by his brother.
I look at it before. Sorry
But the reason why he was stabbed needs to be explained.
Oh yeah.
A GOD falls in love with a mortal.
I think.
Do you agree?
I want miku and hibiki to fight together. But I feel like that's not happening because I worried that miku's going to be like this for the rest of the series.
That is your opinion.
SHEM HA gets FISTED.
What is yours millhi. I just like hearing other people's opinions.
All female main characters with miku and carol vs The Custodians. That is my ideal final fight.
I mean all the gears are gonna be destroyed anyway.
But not her gear, I want to keep it till the end.
<@152896851660505088> do you think miku will be freed by episode 10.
But I want miku to be free.
And then he is possessed by SHEM HA. I want justification when he has hole punched through him by everyone. Even though he has already done terrible things.
And proceeds to do before it was trapped in the bracelet.
I doesn't listen to him.
Then fudou appears most likely to tell SHEM HA what he wants it to do.
They got to do too much to do.
I dunno.
Then she kills fudou.
Yeah then she stabs Maria, and breaks out of it.
Oh yeah and umm fudou might die soon.
By episode 10 Noble red joins them and helps them.
I think miku will be possessed for two episodes max.
What do you think
But I do want to see her in that robe again.
I don't think it will be miku all the time.
So solopy how do you think this will turn out. There's no wrong answer until it comes out
But unfountunately that not up for me to decide.
FUDOU KAZANARI, I'm going to enjoy every little second of killing you.
FOREVER.
So remember to love every minute of being with them because YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN THEY'LL LEAVE YOU.
Just pure.....and it's beautiful.
There at different types of love in this world. 
There are people who love objects, there are people who love themselves, there are being that want to be love by others. But the love you will see here is ....... Pure.
Me after episode 8:
The next 5 episode are going to be hype.
Solopy what do you think will happen.
Most likely the rest of the name got rubbed of.
Be careful.
But gods are never always pure.
Ok.
I preparing myself if miku dies. I know people will say she won't but anything is possible.
HIBIKI gets stabbed by tsubasa.
Then they run towards each other and strike each other.
Both of them punch him.
They both do the final attack.
Then they fight together.
What.
At episode 10.
HIBIKI will sing her b song and it will snap miku out of it.
Miku soul is most likely in the bracelet.
Might explain a lot.
Oh I just got it.
I been theorizing that whatever is Possessing miku soul might possess him after he is killed.
Like Custodians. Don't tell me there coming adam and then not do them.
I have a back up.
USA GONNA SEND MORE WEAPONS of destruction.
I know but why would they talk about it's origin in episode 6.
I think the only weapon that can destroy the vambrace is artiglam.
<@279341087494242304> No I just wanted to know.
Solopy what are you going to do after the series ends.
Back to symphogear.
Yeah but I mean flaming sword fight between them would be awesome.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Azrael_(comics)
Imagine him and tsubasa fighting.

Dc.
Flame sword.
Solopy ever heard of Azreal.
More like the order of st Dumas.
I feel like there should have been some kind of sacred order that wanted to prevent this from happening.
You mean G
I have a back up. It my sword, it's called Dia-mharbhaiche.
Oh.
<@87512939107450880> imagine ssj human erasure ability. That just too op man.
SHEM HA desires humans being destroyed. Ssj now has human erasure. OP as F***.
FUDOU is smart, he most likely knew of ssj and thought I should use that as Well so then that hamster girl doesn't get in my way.
And yet it isn't?
I'm also thinking this time it might be immune to itself.
Technically it both SSJ AND THE VAMBRACE.
Was my favourite until now.
The new testament is better.
Oh Jesus, come down from heaven and help us.
Jesus: Sorry not today.
<@115744398997716995> yes.
Hah knew that would get your reactions.
STUPID PLOT TWIST: Miku was evil the whole time.
Me too.
Someone did a fanfic of it.
Excalibur miku.
I know, Melua.
<@182890099183190018> Bavarian illuminati most likely still had a fragment of it.
Do you think miku will wear that dress again.
If HIBIMIKU dies, I die.
No there trying to trick us again.
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Tsubasa: I don't have friends I have family.
Power of song isn't useless tsubasa. Stop listening to your grandad. Listen to genjuro, he is your real dad.
Yeeeeeessssssss. Now give it to me.
It has a consistent god.
Basa vs Maria. Can't wait for that next episode.
HIBIMIKU: Not scientifically possible now.
<@87512939107450880> should I put HIBIMIKU in Jesus's tomb.
HIBIMIKU IS LIKE CHRIST.
Maybe miku is actually dead inside.
I want her to wear it again.
Worst ending: HIBIKI kills miku and gets a new girlfriend:
Unless I roll it into Christ tomb for 3 days. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
When you see final commander and a montage of hibimiku. 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. This ship is dead isn't it.
YES.
Most animation.
No Hibimiku ever again. Unless there tricking us again. Damn you red herrings.
Theory : Miku died when she was absorbed by the fetus.
SHEM HA just wearing her skin.
So is it really SHEM HA OR miku believing she is SHEM HA.
Miku's descent into villany.
Don't care if she is the main villain.
Miku is dead. Long live Kamiku.

I have them.
YES give me that stuff too.
<@263983345669505025> do you think we will see it again.
MAYBE SHE HAS BEEN SINCE EPISODE 6.
6 days, uhhhhhhhhh.
Do you think she will wear it again.
Like a god.
I just don't think miku is the final boss. But that is my opinion.
HIBIKI I sorry to say but miku died when she was absorbed. I heared her flatline.That thing that looks like your friend isn't.
RIP DANGER.
I can't wait anymore. Ahhhhhhhhh. After the ED, I need it know.
Ok that's fine.
A DRIVE.
Then they run towards the big monster titan.
Melua you are hard to impress.
For Nowwwwwwww.
Hopefully XV finale isn't.
No she will, as tsubassa stand.
FUDOU THEN gets possessed.
SHEM HA DESTROYS THE MOON AND THEN POSSESSES SOMEONE ELSE.
Then fudou mind controls tsubassa to kill hibiki.
Bye the way, what do you think will happen next episode?
Let's move on.
Hey guys I wonder if miku beats them all up, detranforms and walks away.
No it did not.
I wonder if Hibiki will go EDGY now.
Gold Gungnir, I miss that.
More SHEM HA.
She doesn't use her fists, she uses her songs.
He's like yondu. A father figure that you really care about.
Ahhhhhhh solopy.
Then Aliens.
We deal with tsubasa and miku.
Next episode and episode 10.
Like Yondu.
I Bet you the op will be different.
FUDOU not stupid.
But without it's weakness.
Reverse everything.
If only we had the time stone.
Elfnine summon carol
I can't do it on command
She can't do it on command.
Then evil basa kills her.
Things get resolved quite quickly this season don't they.
Both go to jail.
Do you mean hibiki and miku.
I think miku will detransform and go to fudou or fudou will come to her.
Miku is arrested by the UN.
When
It will when we throw that grandad in that vat of acid.
Okayyyyyyy then.
Hmmmmm
Not sold on miku being final boss. SHEM HA yes but in a different body.
But this will be the GAYEST ITS EVER BEEN.
Hopefully, If i don't see gay moments:
Miku moves away. She can't deal with this anymore.
Why would they do the montage now.
The fanbase made me worry by saying that HIBIMIKU is dead.
Wasted 4 years.
I'm worried that the miku we know is dead.
VK
Doesn't it fill you with dread.
It just fills me with so much dread.
Now I wish I didn't see the ending to episode 8.
Maybe there is an accrual god living in the vambrace.
FUDOU + SHEM HA = Superego
I mean their ego isn't as bad as ego I guess.
And now like ignite, it's usless.
TIME flowed still, thanos reversed vision.
Oh yeah, that explain her winter clothing not being purple now.
Yay cypher back.
Either this Is a coincidence. Yeah it is a coincidence.
I just using my brain to figure a pattern.
Hibiki B songs are sung around episode 10 or 11.
Trying to stop Miku from deactivating the curse of balal.
Space battle. Yeahhhhhh.
SSJ RETURNS BUT ITS NOW MORE OP THAN LAST TIME.
FOR NOW.
And then I make a fool out of myself in front of you.
Symphocast bingo cards.
Me too, got me so hyped for next episode but then you got to waited for 6 flipping days.
I think today's gone really slow and there is a heatwave here.
In think it was one weird guy on youtube.
I don't know why?
People compare Miku to Horuma for some reason.
I hate madoka magica.
Miku becoming more like horuma. God DAMMIT.
Except she's awake.
Bikkie's is gonna go catatonic next week.
Yeah.
They possibly don't even know how to, seeing they didn't know what blood bags.
I think dmji will happen in episode 11 like G.
Like bruno.
Maria will die and ascend into heaven.
Maria will save the day.
Run
Oh no.
Most likely linked with the vambrace as I have theorized that SHEM HA IS ENKI'S brother and that he killed him.
Like bruno buccarati.
Best mom.
Maria seems to be important to this.
I think she won't fight bit rather sing whilst Maria sneak up on miku.
Looking at hibiki B song, I think that ONLY FOR YOU will be in either episode 10 or episode 11.
Like ganondorf hydrated.
Oh yeah and become buff and young.
Most likely she will wear it for the rest of the season.
Genjuro dies bear hugging fudou with a grenade in his mouth.
I think I know how the 5 Episodes will play out simple wise.
Sun sun mystical sun, kill my enemies.
My planet need me.
FUDOU becomes buff and young again.
True.
Dessssssss
Shirabe x kirika
Nani
Yes with miku
Or anti villain
The perfect anti hero.
Carol was great.
Nooo not that again. It has to be both.
A DRIVE
I spoiled something.
Oh no
X drive is about as useful as ignite now.
YESSSSS
<@247701824335904770> i feel you. I feel you.
There too young to do that.
That is your opinion.
Then the last three episodes hype you up so much that when that hype is delivered In XV, YOUR heart won't stopping beating heavily.
By then XV came around.
I was originally.
The Delay was worth it.
Kanede is right.
Carol saves GX
No more power sharing. PLEASE.
GX disappointed me which may explain my dislike for the season.
GX for some reason to me felt like filler.
I mean filler's good but it was bad filler.
Filler ughhhhh
That is how a man dies. WITH A BANG.
Both G and XV
Always.
Miku
Noooooooooiii
Without Ocs
Yeah that would have been cool. Hey I have idea. We should a rewrite of all the series.
What your favourite XV transformation.
Yeah let's not talk about that.
Running away like a wimp then falling over to me is funny.
Only G
But a hilarious one at that.
GX and AXZ ver are trash.
G VER IS FINE.
BUT HAS XV DONE ANYTHING REALLY BAD YET.
#Letverrest.
Ha ha ha
So then we could rewrite reality where GX and AXZ were good.
Wish Gungnir could do that.
Had the power to rewrite reality.
Spear of destiny is also the lance of longius.
On legands.
I had a dream where hibiki was killed by the reverse flash as at the same time he was looking for the spear of destiny.
Fine is dead. Like actually gone. Kaput.
It most likely immune this time.
Removing the bracelet might actually tear miku apart.
Not hibiki
Miku is basically a god forever unless deus ex machina comes to the rescue.
But that just created kid buu.
Because if you went in majinn buu you could remove them from its body.
Even after it was released, it still feels like a dream. A dream that would never come true.
Stop making people sad.
@ thank you
But do we? Meh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Noooooo
Tragic ending it is.
Happy ending is our last destination
We understand your pain.
Enki was the god of creation.
Then fine is a dick.
Flashback.
With the time stone.
Just reverse Miku's time.
Time stone would fix this.
She sacrificed herself for shirabe.
Play this if genjuro dies: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=yERildSsWxM
Take it slowly
Just relax
It's not time to make a change
I expect one character death. Like genjuro.
<@279341087494242304> you understand my pain. Those girls didn't derseve that.
Spinoffs are inevenvitable.
Most likely his brother.
Enki
Because Miku's soul is in limbo.
Like I wrote him on <#357682999300718592>.
SHEM HA IS A DICK.
I know....I have to go.
I'm ready for the tragic ending ever hibiki and miku transform into motes of light. Living on in another dimension.
Maybe SHEM HA can take over multiple  bodies. Maybe that why ENKI created th curse.
All because of brexit.
Just made them more violent.
Artighlam is ENKI arm which means it might be the only thing that can destroy the vambrace.
Maybe to destroy the curse so it can spread it's influence on all of humanity.
Regroup
Also Mind Manipulation
We don't know that.
All of you against all of me.
AI TAKEOVER.
SHEM HA IS an eldritch horror.
Are they aliens or like the Isu from assassins creed.
Everything is paid with blood.
Then gets buff and young and then gets his arse kicked again.
It could go in any direction at this point.
Miku is turned back to normal but at the cost of her body slowly disintegrating.
It might be more symbiotic between them as they might want "peace.
Fudou gets possessed. I'm just getting on it.

Meh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
One thing I've learned though is (Emporer voice) "No one's really ever gone".
Making you is she gone forever or not.
The worst part is they don't tell you anything so it's sticks their in your mind making you worse.
I'm so worried.
Hibiki becomes a god at some point.
Maybe a happy but at the same time bittersweet ending as well.
Here is my spell:
don dÃ  anam a tha ann san fhoirm seo. tha mi airson an dithis agaibh a thilleadh air ais gu cÃ² a bha thu roimhe. na leig leinn an latha seo a dhÃ¨anamh nas tragaile mar sin leig dhomh do atharrachadh air ais le mo dhraoidheachd
Maybe more of a restoration then.
Somebody better call a sorcerer so he can do a exosists and a restoration.
So can British ones when we are not in a heatwave.
Custodians may have believed they were superior to humans.
To be pure.
Like ultron, makes a new body
Seeing that if he is a custodian he may find being in a human body to be unpure.
Actually that might make sense.
Yeah to me it feels too early.
I just saying this but in my head, hibiki frees miku from the influence but then that influence possesses fudou's dead corpse and then we have a massive fight with all of the character against it.
Hope it's a noble death.
That's fine with me.
Just call John Constantine, he'll fix it.
Been there, done that.
Wasn't it corporate meddling that got mikugear.
Still gonna be shaking till they say something.
I was fine until people kept saying Rip hibimiku cause it got  me thinking " oh geez did they just get rid of her".
This is what happens when you get attached to a character for 5 years.
Never doing that again.
I am literally throwing up cause I am worried she's never coming back.
I think I'm the biggest Miku fanboy.
Especially this part:
I don't want this series having an ending like the X men the last stand.
But this one is 2 years worth the wait.
Other seasons yes.
You speak.
Blasphamy
Back in my day, I thought symphogear was my friend.
I...KNOW...BETTER....NOW
Proof why XV is the best season since season 1.
No other show has done that.
That is a achievement on its own.
Episode 8 basically gave me what I wanted for 4 years and yet it still Broke my heart.
Episode 8 in a nutshell: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oj4NQyuRGrI 
I don't know who I should replace Zim with?
Lonely bachelor for life.
Not me.
I wonder how fudou gonna control SHEM HA.
But he's still a prick.
His plan isn't stupid anymore.
OH CRAP NOW HE CAN MAKE A WHOLE ARMY.
Oh shit you're right. Forgot SSJ Can remove the curse.
I was think about episode 5. Oh F****k
Ohhhhhhh.
Her B song was in the episode when tsubasa did her solo at the concert.
That was gekisou Gungnir her A song.
<@247701824335904770> isn't it weird that all hibiki B songs happen in either episode 10 or 11.
Ending credits
I'm a huge HIBIMIKU shipper.
I know. Ha ha.
Uhh you think.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Never, my anxiety has made me worry about miku's soul and it is killing me.
We will have to use our detective skills.
Forging Tsubasa into his sword.
FUDOU plans on using SHEM HA to destroy the moon or purify just his men.
Yeah they probably do spinoffs, or they will reboot it into a movie franchise.
Is there a future other then the non canon video game.
Dies saving her found family.
If Basa dies, I will be very sad.
Don't fuck it up kaneko
I don't want that again. They have been doing so well.
FUDOU GETS TURNED INTO THAT.
It always giant monster though.
For too long, he want his own.
I think SHEM HA won't want to stay in miku's body.
GIANT GAY FIST.
Yeah she has.
Also I meant no offense either. I'm sorry.
She didn't do much in GX.
<@247701824335904770> She is Favourite character so it's like heaven for me. Hopefully she isn't possed for too long.
I thought Fudou would want SHEM HA to destroy the curse.
<@246146781832806401> I will be very f***ing content if that happens.
FUDOU and SHEM HA most likely want the Curse gone.
Yes make him a mastermind.
<@246146781832806401> I would want it to be on its own side.
No one.
SHEM HA will bitch slap them.
SHEM HA will reverse engineer the moon to turn humans into custodians.
FUDOU is on thin fucking ice my pedigree chums.
That's fair.
But I want to see Gen fight.
Oh course.
<@266379640069685252> Bets on genjuro.
Other than we wanted too.
ALSO plot armor.
I know.
FUDOU is a gambling man.
I SMELL MASSIVE RETCON
It's a custodian arm that's why.
No ENKI
Oh that could how fine come back.
Alexa play lifelight.
Ohhhhhh EVERYONE IS HERE.
I think Hibiki's B song will either be in episode 10 or 11.
Maybe artighlam is the only relic that can destroy the vambrace.
Because the autoscorers was relevant
We will have to wait and see.
And yet it is.
But it's not miku.
Ssj
Because you never know if they will destroy humanity.
I Bet fudou didn't even know that there was a ancient deity trapped in the relic. This is why you check fudou.
It's still BULLSHIT.
SHEM HA: you take away my world, I'll take away yours.
Off screen: milarac used stained glance on miku.
Like a demon
Miku throws it up.
<@279341087494242304> i thought the same thing through hibiki's B songs. For some reason.
<@279341087494242304> when do you think miku will be freed.
It was in the Antarctic in frozen ice
At least gungnir doesn't have the power to change reality itself. There's a reference no one's gonna get.
Oh wait answered that myself.
Whyyyyyyyy
For some reason, I want SHEM HA to be like Palpatine.
I think it's time to sleep.
For episode 9 see above.
Most likely Episode 10 is about the group trying to stop SHEM HA from destroying the curse.
Why him. Unless they got mixed up.
That's his role in episode 9.
Finds out that he can't switch off the curse and proceeds to leave to destroy the moon.
SHEM HA will beat up the adaptors and then go to the same place where enki was.
That horse is on fire.
Flyingkitty reference.
Pimp my ride them pimp my horse tsubasa.
I eat beef stroganoff
Just actual singing.
<@247701824335904770> i meant not punching her.
Also we got to do fudou stuff at the same time.
<@246146781832806401> I know.... singing.
Unless they do two miku's. That would be really weird and stupid.
<@99695384296701952> Most of episode 10
You know who would have been useful in Episode 8. ( snicker) Giorno giovanno with G.E.R. HA HA HA HA . It is so broken.
It also slows down aging.
https://jojo.fandom.com/wiki/Ripple
Maybe they are hamon users.
Like Araki.
I want tsubasa to actually shoot lightning out of her sword. If it's happened I forgot.
Emperor voice: GOOOOOOOOODDD
The braces might be some sort of soul containing devices so they can be resurrected at a later date.
True. I always though that enki and him killed each other.
I....I don't know how without it being it being a massive retcon.
Agreed like in her memorium.
Damn voyyeur.
Found this on symphogear's reddit. https://www.reddit.com/r/Symphogear/comments/cv5srs/xv_episode_8s_true_title_revealed/
SHEM HA: I approve of this ship
Yet
I would prefer calling it as we don't know what gender it is.
Because I don't want SHEM HA to go because it feels like the final boss overall
All this done by episode 10.
I can dream
Cause if that's the case. Hmmmmm
I thought of an idea. What if SHEM HA and miku split into two separate people but they look the same.
Kill la kill that's what I'm talking about.
Yes they do which make it even more hilarious.
Having an army with the same power isn't.
You make it sound like it's a bad thing.
I always said, that his endgame involed building an army by removing the curse.
Fudou cares.
More 2 years
No that's stupid. There needs to be planning.
Too much to cram in.
It never explained how it came back.
The most recent retcon is SSJ reappearing.
I like her just being there.
True.
Too many characters for 13 Episodes.
I'm fine with her being just there.
It's weird that chris doesn't have a character arc.
And yet Maria has some sort of importance.
It's most likely it's an entity that was trapped in the bracelet.
SHEM HA.
No but it might be.
Might be a guy.
It seems more like an force that protects humanity that went wrong rather than an actual curse.
I always though since the beginning of XV that the curse isn't what it seems.
Enki most likely activated the curse to stop SHEM HA from posseing people as well as stopping other custodians from entering the earth.
Maybe by destroying the curse, they descend from the "heavens" and start possessing people.
If they do the other custodians.
Whilst also being killed by SHEM HA.
I feel like Enki killed him.
I feel like SHEM HA believes it is superior to humans which is technically true. Staying in miku's body may make him feel unpure.
<@138380189741744128> By destroying the curse it could do that.
Yeah, but because she is kirika, she probably forgot she could do that.
He would be invincible unless kirika uses her scythe.
For SHEM HA destroying the curse would mean having the ability to literally move into anyone.
No he needs miku, he can't possess anyone else except hibiki.
Nobody can save miku except herself.
Oh yeah.
There must be a limit.
Tell that to gods that have died that way.
It under the skin and has the same force as a hydrogen bomb.
Put bombs in their necks.
You've got to have meat shields.
True.
Saint Germain was the Best part of AXZ
They needed a trio because most of the female villains are popular.
When it was being made.
Good point, but it's most likely they didn't even exist around AXZ.
Actually he was in GX.
That would be a cool idea
4 years it has taken them.
Like our government dealing with brexit.
Yes Melua you did.
Why are we arguing about this?
I wonder if the last episode will be longer than the others
I'm going to bed. I'm done with this arguing for one night.
<@260863818735943680> Unlikely they will both die.
Carol would most likely destroy the remains or at least get rid of it.
The power of loooovvvveee. A force from above. Clinging my soul.
Hopefully Episode 10 will answer that for us.
Basically Episode 8 reaction:
If you've waited 2 years and you were thinking about this show every single day, I think when this moment comes it shatters you.
I am so hyped and yet so afraid at the same time . Is that even possible?
To me, it hit like a f***king freight train.
The power of love. A Force from above. Clinging my soul.
Might add a tiny little scene hinting at it. But I doubt that too.
She most likely will. And she doesn't even fight in my head. Miku in her subconscious does and that causes SHEM HA to be rejected
Sorry did I do something wrong.
<@141531216200466432> Hibiki B songs from G to AXZ tell me a lot. Why do they? Because they all happen in either Episode 10 or Episode 11. Think about it.
<@141531216200466432> I feel like this will be solved by episode 10.
Nope na ha, not happening, the madoka zone is closed.
So like madoka then.
I know but it still hurts. Waiting the worst part solo, because you never know what's coming.
They think miku is dead.
Also this has come out now:https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YPR4WDavWWE
<@141531216200466432> Yes give me that or I will riot.
I will go with any ending that isn't MADOKA.
And once I find out the fate of Miku:
Aahhhhhhhhhhhhh
<@279341087494242304> what if SHEM HA has created a prison in the "mindscape" creating the perfect life for Miku. That just be messed up as well.
Hey everybody, what do you think will happen in episode 09?
Or how EA calls them "surprise mechanics".
Like loot boxes.
That episode has shook the fan base to the core.
I mean remember kirika's transformation. Geez.
We were talking about that seven weeks ago and now this.
True.
Oh that's cool.
And my love for this anime.
Gambling is a "complicated" addiction much like drugs.
Yes but they have japanese titles so it makes them hard to find.
I was very aware of it. You can videos of people playing it on YouTube.
I will play that song on my GODDAM violin if Hibiki does sing her B song like that.
The newest version is done by: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zNpeK7sDLzE
<@141531216200466432> Its actually a Christmas song. Makes it even more perfect in XV seeing as it's set in winter 2045 maybe 2046.
<@141531216200466432> It was originally sung by frankie goes to Hollywood, but it has been done by other bands and solo artist.
PURGE THE SOULLLLLL. Make love your goal.
<@141531216200466432> https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=o5Fz02-oHq0
I Don't know what you mean/s
Or maybe hibiki becomes like miku and both fly throughout the galaxy together.
Hibiki is with miku forever but can never interact with her.
I preparing myself for a tragic ending
More of her ghost possessing her.
What if Miku becomes hibiki stand and remains in her body forever.
I'm just trying to figure out how miku is gonna come back cause I don't want her gone until episode 13.
I know it's stupid, but hey I am actually sick and tired.
That's what I was thinking. Hibiki sings her B song which then allows miku's subconscious to fight against SHEM HA and finally be freed from his control.
<@247701824335904770> i was thinking that miku was trapped in SHEM HA subconscious where SHEM HA created a dream world where the concert incident never happened.
Ha ha ha.
Half of the universe disappears.
Both of them taking out the main villain would make my heart skip a beat.
Don't know how there gonna do that, there already too much to finish in 5 20 minutes episode.
<@279341087494242304> Hibiki aint gonna stay in that house until she gets miku back.
Do you know who the Main man is.
Also I'm giving 2 episodes before they succeed in getting her conscious back.
Otherwise I'm sending THE MAIN MAN himself to do it.
Pretty much everybody loses their relics from the force.
Agreed, let's see if she keeps it this time.
Big explosion.
Then he throws the both of them into the sun.
Like that woman who downloaded illegal videos on the It crowd.
Happy ending is law. If you break this law, you will face the CONSEQUENCES.
More celestial type figure.
Kaneko does and he is god to this universe.
I will then take my cue and move on.
Ok. And then we are done.
How long would the time skip be?
Also yes, but is that a bad thing?
Full circle.....full circle.
<@468591607332208641>
The wings have been on the logo before.
Oh wait. I forgot, they then go and watch the shooting stars together.
Bet that's how it ends.
Making it come full circle.
But then plot twist, miku is alive.
Uhhhhhhhh, bleah.
<@183785454447886346> how could you?
OH, you've killed me. You've killed me dead.
Well we are in the "Fine"game now. Ha ha ha.
For me, my dreams come true.
I mean....they are ment to be.
Guys I just remembered that the chateau is a disector, correct?
I know. But I enjoy feeling, makes me feel...alive.
Which is not helping my health.
Solo knows how to make my death slow and painful.
Oh no you caught me. I surrender.
Ok
What do you think?
Hence the reason they also create the perfect world for the human soul in Limbo in order to prevent them from fighting back as that would break the anchor.
I think because custodians are most likely aliens, their own souls are different from humans meaning if it entered a human body, it would be rejected. So by keeping a human soul as a anchor to said human body, it means they are able to stay in the human body as well as be in control.
I think I know why SHEM HA would keep miku's soul along with his own should it be the case.
Kaneko realised his mistake.
Yes thank god we have only referenced him.
And Topdad is the faulty brick that collapses the whole structure.
Fudou with SHEM HA inside as main boss.
Didn't say it would be good drama, just drama none the less.
I wouldn't be surprised if they made a love triangle. Creates more drama.
Then SHEM HA tried to erase humanity cause he was jealous.
Fine chose enki over SHEM HA.
I agree, i think both enki and SHEM HA we're both in love with fine.
Maybe flashbacks with two brothers who were in love with a woman
I love to see ancient Babylon flashbacks.
Well we will have to see.
I don't think it is fudou unless he gets a major power buff.
Or is it really fudou?
Do you agree that SHEM HA is the big bad of the season.
I kind of expected them anyway.
I've been finding people in comments on YouTube going <:TsubasaYareYare:407397617451139073> on miku turning evil again.
Like pazuzu and Nergal.
I meant Babylonian gods. Sorry.
These days Annukai or Custodians in Christianity are known as demonic beings who became false gods.
Melua, I believe that custodians may bs non-corporeal, spiritual beings when they arrived on earth the first time.
Although Miku does seem to be under spiritual possession.
That's what I was thinking.
Who knows.
No time for training montage, he's about to destroy the curse and bring his people
here.
Tomorrow we will have the preview pictures, then the speculation can begin.
Maybe thats what elfnine does to help? Never thought she be this useful if that happens.
They may use the disector, she is literally underneath it but they need to get it back on.
That would be great as this needs to be solved as well as tsubasa's problem.
Yeah me too, let her destroy the moon.
I think 2 episode of SHEMIKU is enough.
Ha I'll give you that one.
Have their be other cannon fodder.
Oh please no, there's too much already.
Most likely KANADE and serena will also appear in episode 13 due to it being the last episode.
The LAST ACTION HERO HAS ARRIVED TO SAVE THE DAY. YOU'RE Welcome.
Which episode would you put that in.
That would be cool.
Solopy, we better pay attention cause if there is a twist, it will make more sense in the end. Heh heh heh heh.
Why can't we have nice things.
Gentle fist are always the best option.
How do you think it will happen and when?
Wonder how they will separate miku and SHEM HA?
2 hours till pictures. Prepare for more excitement and heartbreak if that is possible.
Maybe crunchyroll should change it then.
Hibiki gets one shotted.
<@279341087494242304> Fudou vs Gen, oh this is gonna be good. Then Fudou plays a dirty trick by using a mind control tsubassa. Also it's most likely that sakuya and all just saw the curse being destroyed or hibiki being one-shotted.
Enough is enough, I've had it with this motherfucking divine power on this motherfucking earth.
Gen fights fudou but then Fudou uses seal control on tsubassa to attack genjuro.
The man himself GENJURO is gonna kick ass in this episode.....hopefully.
Except one.
Fathers are terrible in symphogear.
What is he even doing here? No one likes Topdad.
<@239527945142534145> if that happens, I'm gonna kill Topdad.
Killing miku is fucking up.
When I saw akira in that image, I went "fuck off, you were so close to making a great ending, don't mess this up".
I keep making mistakes today. What is wrong with me.
Oh no, I got his name wrong.
For believing in him. Even though he raped his wife.
Anki's stupid
I know, never said he was stupid.
Really the man gonna lose everything, should have stayed with what he had.
Guys face is meme worthy.
Who now thinks fudou has a few screw loses as much as VER.
He will come back if you say it.
DONT JINX IT.
Forgive me Melua. I didn't mean to, I just think it's stupid that Anki wouldn't believe his father would do those things.
I just did a racist comment. GODAMM IT.
It's gone. Should have just said he had a few screw loses especially with that new scene.
Oh no
Actually gives good advice instead the bullshit that he gave.
Yes they are. Hopefully he doesn't screw up like last time.
Oh boy that face just shows he is fucking insane.
Anki: Our father isn't that stupid, genjuro.
So then he could use her as a weapon in his plans.
Gen: anki, I know you believe that our father would never do anything that terrible butttttt he did rape your wife and if he thinks he doing it for the glory of our nation, is it a stretch that he may have committed mass genocide just so then he could easily control my niece.
I mean you have a ninja who is wayyyy overpowered.
Keep an eye on both of them.
Yeah if genjuro has just told them, this could have gone wayyyyy different.
Fudou: let go of me, I am a protector of Japan, I did this for you.
Agent: yeah, yeah get in the car.
Genjuro: who knew that fudou would work with noble red and try to kidnap miku. 
It's a good job I told all of you, otherwise this could have been a different story.
Miku: I may need to go do therapy, I saw a man brutally killed in front of me.
No it's a parody channel that used for laughs, so like what if the characters did this.
Genjuro: It seems that both hibiki and miku are both vessels of divine power.
Elfnine: What do you want do to.
Genjuro: Hmmmmmm, hide the information and don't tell the girls anything about it, there's no way somebody would be after either of them.
Scientist: Here's a bright idea, what if do tell the girls then they will be quite aware of knowing who to protect and then one of those two won't be turned into god who will go on a massacre.
Genjuro: Okay, fine.
With the main characters talking with superman and batman.
<@279341087494242304> Ever watched hishe (how it should have ended) every episode these days ends with them in heroes cafe.
Kirika: Dess.
If Symphogear XV had a hishe ending it would probably go.
Tsubasa: So we stopped the invasion from happening, I killed my grandfather and we saved the day again.
Chris: Yeah......Except miku still died.
Hibiki: yeah.
Batman: you know what would be funny, is that you have some sort of relic that allows you to travel to different dimensions and find a world where hibiki died instead of miku.
Everyone stays silent for a few second 
Kirika: Oh yeahhhhhh, we do have that, Dess.
It's called ghjarhorn.
Shirabe: XDU isn't canon, kiri-chan.
Superman: well neither is this, sooooooo.
All the girls look at each other.
One dimensional travel later.
All of the girls: We saved miku, YEAHHHHHHH.
I guess that next episode, Miku/ SHEM HA Will fuck off and we won't see them till episode 10.
Then tsubasa comes and protects him because MIND CONTROL.
SHEM HA possess Fudou.
OH NO
Creating a history sounds very much like that.
Do you think XV title is hinting at time travel.
Endgame did it. I predicted that they would after infinity war.
Just leave time travel as an option.
That just sounds like BS and yet it could happen.
Then they literally kill SHEM HA in one punch on the moon in the past preventing the curse from happening.
Because if there's something hibiki hasn't punched yet, it is the fabric of reality.
Hibiki in episode 13 punches reality so hard they transport in time.
Feels obvious doesn't it.
Shem Ha destroys the world and the girls go back in time to kill him in the past so then none of the events happen.
Create a history in which the light god does not know.
Oh no, FUCKING TIME TRAVEL. OF COURSE.
Wait oh no.....if it's bittersweet then that could mean that they change history and prevent any of this from happening. Kaliks remember XV's title.
Hopefully season 8 is good
DONT get me started on season 4, poor laurel.
Season 1 and 2 were good. Season 5 was amazing.
True. I'm just that messed up. Watched too much arrow.
How many times have we been wrong though? Just saying.
Neck snap, can't heal from that.
Though just worried that hibiki will go oliver queen on her.
Always believed it was SHEM HA just not in miku's body.
Didn't say that fudou was the main boss.
Well Fudou gonna die and everything will get better. Unless someone worse comes along.
I feel like I'm a bad influence on here.
First I accidently make a rasict comment, then I don't even though the name of a GODDAM character so now everyone's confused.
Anything is possible in this season.
Although still worried they might do time travel. Only at the conclusion of a series would you do time travel because there is nothing else you can do after that.
Episode 8, they are not wasting time.
Like episode 10 but no.
Well we will have to wait and see, I mean I thought miku being turned into a god would be later in the series.
I'd say other half of episode 10 or episode 11.
Cause episode 9 and half of episode 10 is dealing with Fudou.
When do you now think miku will be freed after the preview images.
I just think no one of the main cat is gonna die. Wish someone would but it is unlikely.
Because kaneko said that it will be happy yet bittersweet. Unless he is a liar.
Just tragic.
But it's not happy yet bittersweet.
Umm that's unlikely.
Still think SHEM HA will possess Fudou's corpse.
That's true, maybe both.
So then every character does something.
NEED THAT CANNON FODDER.
XV 10 or 11 is when miku gets saved. Cause Shen HA will most likely bring his people to earth who will be cannon fodder for the girls.
SHEM HA IS someone we could know about.
Remember Create a history in which the light god does not know how. It sounds like time travel to me.
Custodians destroy the world, time travel ensuses, prevented the whole series from happening. Bittersweet part is that all of you have waste your time.
Doesnt XV title sound like creating a new history where the curse doesn't exist which results in all the characters being alive as none of the bad stuff happened and they all know each other. The bittersweet part is that we wasted 5 YEARS.
That the custodians are aliens who tried to destroy us but enki created a barrier which had a side effect on affecting the people populace.
My whole speculation on aliens could be real.
Just keep time travel hanging. At this point anything is possible.
( this is a joke, I agree with you melua).
It can also sound like let's try and beat god by going back in time as he would never think of that.
Cause I've seen lots anime end terribly, let just hope this series gets the perfect ending like endgame did for the main avengers characters.
I agree and let hope that lets create a history in which the light god does not know actually means something else.
Endgame characters like tony stark were the same and their arcs were completed.
What are your opinions on time travel if it happen in the final episode? For me, If time travel happened and it meant that none of the events ever happened such as the zwei wing incident, I would be fucking mad. Why, because the characters that we see after that we see after they have travelled aren't our characters. They are completely new characters that haven't been through the stuff that we have seen our characters been through. It would just make the years you spent caring for these characters pointless because those versions don't or rather never existed, they were basically erased. They may be happy but they would know nothing of what we have seen these characters through. That would be the worst ending.
Also kerrik you fell into my trap. Meh HA HA.
They probably do that.
Golden amalgam X Drive.
You might be right Kerrik. TASTE THE RAINBOW.
Solopy did his own version and I loved it.
Hopefully we get a flashback on how they met.
What I would compare a little bikki and miku to.

Like saying What do you want to do?
Oh ok, yeah maybe he will actually have good advice this time.
Kaneko did all the good stuff at the beginning.
Topdad is making me worried about the rest of the season cause whenever he is back, bad things happen.
Well if any of this stuff happened, don't try and say I was right. I don't want to be affiliated with predicting a terrible ending.
I Don't believe they will.
Symphogear is coming to an end but maybe something new will take it's place.
Everything ends and it is always sad but everything begins again and it is always happy.
Oh tonight is gonna be so much fun.
I thought it made him look like a nut.
10/10ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘
We don't see it again until episode 10 or 11.
Most likely SHEM HA leaves for most of the episode.
9 hours and 40 minutes before the episode is released for our prying eyes.
Before we go on the rollercoaster again.
Don't have time for the gears to kill them off one by one this time.
To me, I think Vanessa survived just as a head because you would show her death like Elsa and Milarac in all it's graphic detail but instead you decide to do a first person shot.
Meh heh heh heh Ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Oh there is gonna be a lot of havoc. Oh this is going to be so much FUN.
Oh yeah they switch off the mind control didn't they? Oh dear
Yeah but I'm thinking his house has a rocket underneath.
Do you think it is likely that fudou will run.
I have an idea, Fudou's house is a rocket.
I hope there is a space battle cause I just love space battles like star wars.
You know to support my case.
Yeah, that just gave me more evidence.
Ever since episode 1 of XV, I've been speculating that there was more to this "curse".
If the curse isn't actually a curse, then I was right.
Most likely by SHEM HA who wishes to destroy the curse to bring his people back here.
Fudou most likely will run to a spaceship now, go to the moon and then die there.
A twist that involves the curse and the custodians.
That man is gonna get his comupence, I can tell you that, cause I expect a twist happening at the lunar ruins.
I know but It sounds like they are.
I'm just worried they are going to waste time on it.
It's weird they are doing it now.
They most likely will much like ignite.
Fine may come back, but I think it will be Enki's AI.
What do you think will happen in episode 10?
Let that not be the case.
Maybe the team had a argument with nana.
Give her a break please, she deserves it. It's now just turning into an angst fest.
They need to go to the moon.
Maybe not.
Unless the lunar ruins separates each character with pychological traps.
The beauracrachy is to blame.
They just say "what" then I have to explain it then they say put it on general chat even though I'm just making a joke.
Because everybody always never gets it.
Doctor who reference if you don't get it.
Satalight is run by starx the sontaron who thinks that there are moon monkeys  trying to take over the world and wants to bomb it due to that.
Even though they possible couldn't be . Hopefully we get some context on what happened.
Because Enki wanted her to always be by his side.
Why?
Fine as an AI.
It was more of the Lunar ruins activating on the moon. Well we know where SHEM HA IS going next episode.
Like adam in solopy's fanfic.
But then she dies later, maybe to power some thing I dunno.
To me milarac and Elsa are dead, but in my opinion Vanessa survived but just as a head.
Fudou: now become me
Genjuro: nope, not today old man.
Genjuro best man.
CRAZY DUCK IN SPACE.
The perfect moon theme:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YHEifuLCSIY
Basa arc most likely will come to an end next ep then we move on to the MOOOOOOONNNNN.
Just goes to show how fucked up and tragic the Kazanari family is.
<@414366682966917120> especially when one of those characters is a psycho, two are dead, one is mentally broken. The only person that would be at this party is genjuro.
In XDU, it is.
Who brought this filth into this welcoming party
Bets on enki's corpse being in the moon base.
Neat.
Also it might contribute into the happy but bittersweet ending.
I think she will, this is Symphogear, suffering is part of its building blocks.
MIKU IS gonna need a lot of therapy almost as much as tsubasa.
Never use it so it doesn't really matter to me.
That is right. Suicide is never a joke.
Do you think Enki built a Fine like AI to keep him company.
Dude can do helicopter spins with them, fucking terrifying.
Unless you're general grevious who has four arms.
Four swords, Ok that's fucking overkill.
Like an actual one.
Maybe Vanessa becomes a mecha. Hmmmmmm.
May God have mercy on his soul. Oh wait, no fucking mercy for him.
Who thinks fudou is gonna die next episode.
That's fine by me as long we have a good conclusion to the story.
Vanessa: But It might kill me.
Make me wonder sometimes if the team didnt just read his fanfic and then thought let take some of his ideas but they will never tell.
Leads to all of humanities conflict.
Hey there gorgeous what are wearing cause I'm wearing nothing
Enki: Oh Please no.
More like.
Enki: I made this curse because SHEM HA is a massive cock and tried to destroy the world.
It has to be.
Ghosts.
No I mean that KANEDE and Serena most likely are in the finale in some form.
Hmmmmmmm.
I heard that all the symphogear user's voice actresses all walked out on the last day.
This is literally a show where every main character is broken in some form or another.
In fact every character been through shit.
Both have been through shit.
As long as Fudou dies, then she can
That's gonna have to wait, cause the world is about to end.
The other half is SHEM HA on The Moon.
No she can't. I just thinking Fudou also killed her mum.
Me too
Jesus did not die for this.
I saw the link.
Did that, did not work.
No I can't see it at the moment, must be bad connection.
I don't get it.
Gonna remember this 21st night.
Episode 12 is on the 21st September so that means I have to play this: 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk
Wouldn't be too far of a stretch now for alien gods to appear.
Even aliens
This series basically unpredictable at this point as anything could happen.
Just saying, these villains believe that the ends justify the means. But like the doctor In the day of the doctor "you think that it is justified but it it a lie because i was wrong...So wrong".
Done.
Ok I'll remove it.
Oh dear. Should it go in <#336297840529899522>. I think I went off topic, I was trying to find a way to understand Fudou's motivation.
SHEM HA after being freed by Noble red in episode 9: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=K_FxyTvTxFw
To me, Japan had it worse as after the war they were suffering from the aftermath of a country that was nuked twice.
So was my grandad
Different people witness events differently.
Fudou is 100+ years old so he might have been around during the second world war, and if that is the case, then you understand why he is the way that he is.
Go somewhere quiet.
After the Whole end of the world scenario.
I think she should just leave for a while. Go and clear her head. She needs to.
I know, she never got over the concert, over Kanade's death and most likely won't get over her "dad's" death.
Hopefully with Maria she can.
Nothing, absouluty nothing. Ha ha.
Tsubasa never really got over it the first time though. Did she.
Oh god no, no more VER, you are beating a dead horse at this point.
But he's our piece of shit.
So we can remove the poison from our veins that has tainted us for 4 years.
Let just forgive him at this point.
Because unlike last time, his advice was not garbage and also it was foreshadowing.
Also she was at the beginning, now the has to be at the end.
Nobody would say no to it.
Hopefully.
Noble red try to harness the power of a god but ultimately got there comupence much like fudou in the next episode.
Either it effects the Whole world or it affects you.
Because something worse will come out of it.
Just saying ends never justify the means.
Thinking back, there is a lot they could have done a lot in AXZ by they didn't.
SONG clicks on her head in the lunar ruins to most likely reactivate the curse of balal through hacking and she dies doing so.
<@185949743321579520> that is most likely what will happen.
His endgame has come
To me Fudou doesn't seem like the biggest bad in the season.
There corpses will most likely appear next episode.
Also Vanessa is the scientist out of the three. She is still needed.
True.
She got the backstory out of all the three, they were just included in her's.
Pretty much Vanessa is the same.
To me Elsa and Milarac are side characters compared to Vanessa as she is one to is given a backstory on how she came to be In the anime, whilst the other two were in the backstory, they were introduced as other test subjects ( if you wanted to find out more about them, you have to go on keywords or the character page.) Also Vanessa is the only one to have a first person death scene which sounds like she may kick around until the end.
St germain is one of the best characters and makes AXZ not feel like a waste of time.
Where we think it's good but then going back, it's not as good as we thought.
I wonder if XV, will be like that.
It had good moments but overall there were some things that rubbed me the wrong way.
That episode was not good.
I'm that evil.
I would definitely write miku trauma.
Can't blame you, I think I should have put a lot more context into it.
Really dude.
Hopefully tsubasa makes peace with herself.
I'm into traumatized characters and seeing them overcome their problems.
I wasn't thinking that, I was thinking more trauma.
If Miku does not remember any of the stuff that SHEM HA does in her body. Well...that just give fanfic writers opportunities.
This season has been the best so far, but it's not even finished so if they do the one thing I don't want them to do, it might affect my experience with this season
Is this crunchyroll's subs?
I think it is a beautiful song.
Evenstar.
Hey I found the best LOTR music that would fit symphogear.
Baldur form god of war 2018.
I do love baldur as he is both irredeemable and sympathetic.
God of war is a perfect example of bad gods.
Evil god characterization is either bloodthirsty, vain and believes humanity as nothing but toys.
SHEM HA will most likely create it's own body after the curse has been lifted.
Still don't think Kamiku is final boss.
Even if it is a happy ending, I always think there should be consequences for their actions.
Like endgame, the happy ending is built on sacrifice.
To me a happy ending always has some tragedy to it.
Not as good as the main cast though but to some people that is debatable.
I'm greedy.
I want both. That's what I said.
I would love an epilogue then credits that show the characters over time.
Me too.
I agree.
VK is how I watched symphogear for a long time.
It's all in russian, but it shows all of symphogear live in good quality.
I will give you a link.
https://m.vk.com/symphogear
Try VK symphogear page.
But we'll never see that consequence.
So yeah, it most likely is.
Attaching junk to anything is bad.
Spreading misinformation like the flipping plague.
It's more than that. I love jojo but symphogear is different, WAYYYYYY DIFFERENT.
Also anime news network is trash.
This guy hasn't watched episode 9 yet.
Why I mean we can hate milarac.
Crunchy roll just uploaded this.
https://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-feature/2019/09/03/why-you-just-cant-hate-symphogear-xvs-villains
Tsubasa's family is SONG.
Blood isn't always family. Sometimes family consists of the people that you have found and befriended along the way.
Fudou lost the right to be her grandfather/father the second he used her as a pawn.
Fudou isn't her parent, parents don't hurt their children, they protect them, much like yatsushiro did. Rip.
4 Episodes, if they don't do DMJii duet, I'm sorry.
A meme for the ages.
Which I think it did in some regard
I like carol as well
XV
G was really bad with everyone as they were all incompetent except one.
Uggghhhh
VER was trash as a villain and a character.
Like fudou.
Episode 9 in a nutshell: He may have been your father, but he wasn't your daddy.
Just saying, I would prefer those two to be dead.
I know.
Death in real life is sudden. It's not going to drag on.
Jojo death in part 5 were sudden yet they were permanent.
Cause she's a cyborg.
Vanessa
One is alive.
Me too.
Indeed.
I even did it weeks ago.
I just did, above. I knew someone would make that joke as well.
Symphocast video, enjoy.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BOPN0HXjyrs
Got 4 Episodes to go.
Forgot that happened
Thank you.
They is better.
It's a god who most likely believes it to be superior
Of course it would.
Anyway if it was like the other seasons, those two would already be dead.
I'm sad, I know.
When you watch a lot of things you can become desensitized.
True. I watch a lot of media anyway, it's just that these two things are the only forms of media that have brought me genuine joy.
What do you think?
Also both use purple.
The finale to a franchise that gives you all that you wanted whilst also being one of the best instalments in the franchise.
XV feels like endgame
Like.......Oh god I don't want to say this......Endgame.
With a compelling story.
Symphogear XV: the fanservice season.
I wish that were possible.
I'd love to see that.
Hibiki and miku vs SHEM HA
Not Me, never saw miku as an object.
The fans will stop.
Hopefully she won't be for so long. Give it episode 11.
Also if it is a rouge AI, I'm gonna make age of ultron jokes.
Might get more context in the next episode.
Then they were just cocky
Or did they?
NR possibly didn't know there was an actual god inside her. Just saying.
I Bet that fudou and NR didn't know there was an actual god living in the bracelet.
Because know what is gonna happen.
True, but now that god gonna try and destroy humanity and there is nothing they can do.....at the moment.
Now NR have just released a god onto the Whole world. What could go wrong?
One mind control another is possession.
Arrow, gotham and symphogear now.
This season is good, why is always that favourite shows all have great 5th seasons?
Then yet again, no one else has done that.
I don't buy my friends matching toys but hey it might be a Japanese thing.
And probably more.
I also like that symphogear is repeating some things but twisting them.
And because of that is why I appreciate films like empire strikes back and lord of the rings because they did things that No one had done before successfully.
Like this season.
Put your "left arm" on the pad to switch it off.
Hand authorization is required to switch off the curse.
Maybe it is.
Or maybe you can get in, you just can't switch the curse off without his authorization.
Maybe ENKI was the only who could open the lunar ruins because he built it.
Like an actual key.
And I mean her relic is the key.
What if maria is "the key".
Copyright?
If your counting human shields.....ummmmmmmmmm
Like DOL GULDUR or whatever.
Moon base appears
Insert ominous music.
My sword has been broken and reforged several times this season.
No more of those cliffhangers. Kirika got one last season.
16-17 hours to go.
Saturday, you can find good subs on YouTube.
But seriously all the relics may be required to power something which what leads to their destruction in the end.
Doctor WHO baby.
Ha ha just wanted to make that joke.
But it requires a power source.
Maybe they reverse the polarity on the moon.
True. Maybe she is the key to just reactivating it.
I think that SHEM HA will try to get into the moon base but she can't get in.
She might or she might not get kidnapped.
Maybe end of Ep 10, you've got to have a CLIFFHANGER.
I think it's more speculation than anything.
Just trying to connect things.
We will see tomorrow and Saturday.
So maybe, it is the key to deactivating the curse as Well as reactivating it.
Artiglam has to be important seeing it was Enki's arm.
Like a vault. Except like with every security system, you don't need it a certain part to be attached.
I mean I thought that enki would put more of a defence system. So I thought what if he can only activate and deactivate the curse.
Also who thinks Maria is gonna get kidnapped. Hmmmm.
But maybe that is why things are beautiful because they never last. Maybe that is why I will have fond memories of symphogear.
All good things come to an end, it is merely nature itself.
Bubbleline
Like adventure time.
Hope is the best trait any human can have. Good on you.
I think actually I would explode.
Of a heart attack.
If they kiss ( which they won't), I will physically die.
Oh my, that would be a sight to see.
Also repeating stuff isn't bad as long as you add something new to it.
That's the bloggers opinion, doesn't affect mine.
I can taste a hint of sarcasm there.
Agreed, I think I know people who think that they are not and that they are heterosexual despite all of the evidence.
Also smol bean
Question: Who likes HIBIMIKU?
Slice of life spinoff.
If the money wheel is pumping then yeah.
Don't know.
So if they can make money out of it then yeah, they'll keep milking this cow for a while.
Any business: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8CTeLy3Ujxc
True, Zwei wing prequel would get people interested.
Kiss in space. Mhhhhhhh...perfect.
You can get away with that
Could someone link me to the keywords.
Yep faust robe.
Like the new gods
SHEM HA believes he is a god.
Yes.
Now NR gone and fucked it up for all of us.
I dunno, just throwing things out there.
Maria might get kidnapped now.
I think he creates the golem to distract the girls.
Google translate is also being weird on my side
So yeah most likely is NR. DONT WASTE GOOD MATERIAL, they say.
Carnival row is doing flesh golems.
Jewish religion has always had a tale about a golem.
Then they pull the carpet and say SUPRISE she is not dead.
Now I know why she is grouped with serena and KANADE in XDU
No I wasn't saying comics.
How to bring miku back, fucking time travel.
Or TIME TRAVEL.
Reverse the polarity.
Yes
Yeah, says that miku is gone.
Well that why she was with the C team.
Fuck.
Oh boy ghost miku then.
What do you mean?
Just a corpse being used by a god.
Well....she's dead.
If think the "golem" is a distraction to keep the girls away so then SHEM HA can get to the moon.
Excited yet concerned.
Sorry.
Fae as in faeries.
Has anyone properly translated them.
Yeah that thing is NR.
Made from inanimate matter. Hmmmmmmm
Here a link if it is a golem.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golem
One of the oldest monsters a golem.
The Forbidden name.
Also huge mythology fan.
Yeah I know, I'm just a comicholic.
Despite being called new.
There pretty old.
No I meant like the new gods from dc.
But yeah, if adam had won, everything would be fine, not perfect, fine.
Never hear those words come out of your mouth.
Well they did and the Whole world about to end.
Knew it.
Oh no zombies.
Ha ha you thought I was dead but I was doing it to give you motivation to beat this dick.
Miku most likely not erased and they are doing it because it would be a plot twiat
The keywords are copouts, nothing but lies. Don't read the miku one.
Symphogear has done copouts before.
He can go die.
Not her real dad.
Let her fucking dad live.
Good, tsubassa suffered enough already
What????
Somebody already said that yatsushiro is dead on there.
This was different, hibiki absorbed the divine power, miku was absorbed by the divine power.
Or deceased, it doesn't matter.
Question: should we make a SHEM HA page on the wiki ( and also change miku status to erased).
Made from dead parts.
A golem. We have decided to call it a golem.
Miku's "gone".
No one's ever really gone.
Not to Hibiki. Not now after that conversation with her dad.
Adam: Excuse me, could you let me get this power so then I can kill whats in the Antarctic. Thank you.
Enki doesn't have a grave. His corpse is most likely still on the moon.
Satan: Oh shit, she got out.
Probably?
Aliens
Not really.
Should have sent the coffin into space.
Good job NR
Also good job fudou and NR, you fucked the human race, I hope you are happy.
Good job america, good job.
And the Americans fucked it up.
The curse is most likely to keep Shem Ha from possessing people.
Exactly
Forgot about that.
Oh yeah.
You think the Bavarian illuminati would have let that
Nothing is a good thing.
Yeah he was evil
We know.
Time for the emissary from hell to save the day.
DEADAPOOL would fix all of this.
I read the script.
Hibiki that's seems very specific.
I mean you would never become a bad person and the only way you would is if you were erased and replaced with an evil god.
Kill you.
So true...please stop.
Maria is Tommy
More Sentai.
Zordon fix this by dieing.
Quick where are the power rangers.
SHEM HA IS RITA REPULSA.
Does anyone REALLY think that miku is dead? Cause I feel like they are lieing to us.
Burn this place to the ground so we can start again.
Nobody major dies.
No
Oh dear.
BGM most likely they will use their amalgum on it.
Aren't they great.
Parallels.
<@256802531584376833> 
Don't take that one off the board.
Everybody said it would be a happy ending but I'm not buying it.
I'm just preparing for depressing ending.
MADOKA didn't even exist back then. Did it? I thought it appeared in 2013.
What is it with you and the season 1 ending.
Yeah knew they do that. If you're part of the C team, then you're dead.
Yeah I'm just having fun
Deadpool would just threaten the animators and writers in our world.
Or deadpool.
He just go snap, boom , SHEM HA never existed and then he would answer why he didn't help because he's a dick.
Christian
GOD, My god.
What if Actual God appeared?
Oh yeah that thing that the fantastic four almost used against galactus.
Affects all dimensions.
Reality stone then?
Like way before the fetus.
Also if the time stone reverted SHEM HA into miku before they were fused together then the dimension  thing wouldn't work and SHEM HA would remain trapped in the vambrace.
I just have stupid ideas and I just want to post them.
That's never why I do these things.
Didn't want to upset you.
They do this kind of stuff.
No I wasn't trolling just making a hishe joke.
And that is the reaction I wanted cause I know it is stupid.
Time is a fourth dimension concept.
If doctor strange was there he would go:
Strange: I heard there was a disuturbance in this universe. What is going on.
Hibiki: well my best friend just got turn ed into a god and is possibly going to try and destroy the planet.
Strange: well we can't have that.
SHEM HA: Foolish human, you cannot stop my vengeance against all of humanity, soon all of you will fall to my pow...
Strange: And time stone.
Miku is reverted back to her original self.
Hibiki: What just happened.
Strange: Oh just used this to revert your good friend over there before she was possessed by that thing inside of her.
Don't mind me Im just gonna take this vambrace.
This thing needs to be taken far away. 
Hibiki: ummmmmm...okay
Strange: Great, oh and if this happens again just call me.
Bye.
Hibiki: But...how....do...I.....call you. Huh well that was anticlimactic.
Still got another 26 hours.
Cool.
To be honest, i don't many people are much better at quizzes.
24 hours to go.
Oh ha ha.
I need to know.
<@279341087494242304> what petition?
Who thinks hibiki gonna sing her song in episode 11
Yeah it was 11.
Cause I fucking hate madoka.
Madoka broke me into little pieces and symphogear put me back together, now it is breaking me again.
4 Episodes of heartbreak.
I'm losing hope especially how the keywords have broke me again.
<@202536957685923841> We are wishing too much.
Or it all happen in miku's head.
Yeah that's better.
So then we agree that if XV ending isn't satisfying, we just agree that season 1 happens and that all the rest never happened
Don't care, you kill miku, heads will roll
But if ends like I believe at the monent, I'm making GX, AXZ AND XV non canon because I will then think G was the perfect way to end the series and that the last 4 years of my life were a waste and I had too much of a good thing.
Me too.
If that does happen though.
Miku will appear one last time, in the mindscape saying What she was going to say to Hibiki before hibiki kills SHEM HA. 
If that happens, I will try to make peace with it and move on.
I always felt that was a bit bullshit.
I wish there were fakeouts in madoka.
Yes me too.
Indeed but what if he has already infiltrated it and has been hiding in the shadows.
I said never again would I care for a ship.
Remember ashi from samurai Jack.
I will take any ending, even fucking time travel, just to get her back.
I just want hibiki and miku to have a happy ending together, that's all.
I might need help.
Mine might not exist anymore.
You're girl might be more alive than mine
Miku  is my favourite character. So when the keywords tell me that she may no longer exist. I'm not just upset, I'm very upset.
Fighting Jewish monsters, this is gonna be cool.
Maybe it is and maybe it isn't.
Maybe? We don't know yet.
I mean if NR are dead, then there bodies are inanimate now which means fucked up shit is about to happen.
I already uploaded that earlier.
Hmm flesh golem like the Dark aster
Who thinks SHEM HA CREATES a golem or a chimera.
The evil dick you're supposed to kill.
Time to see more suffering.
Yeah, everyone gonna be taller than her.
Heh.
8 hours and 50 minutes.
Sometimes they would haunt my dreams. But the worst was the slender man.
As Well as dogs and wasps.
I'm scared of needles
But I'm a closet about symphogear.
True.
That sounds like revising.
They sacrifice themselves, learning that being human is what comes from inside.
They try to become human but become more monstrous due to the path they chose to walk.
Somebody LOL'd me when I said I think the golem might be noble red.
Maybe because you wanted to tell people about it.
Such as dreaming about hibiki and miku kissing, getting married and having twins.
Anyway back onto more positive matters.
Even though there not real.
Im too empathetic, it's why I care too much about fictional characters.
Its even worse when you weren't even there when he faded away.
Like your grandad who was always supportive who then passed away 8 months ago and you still haven't gotten over it.
Life is not that bad especially when you have people who care about you.
Then movie.
Gonna just fall over and die when it's over.
It was indeed.
Should symphogear have ended at season 1? Just asking.
How do you not become a pancake.
Now the aliens are coming.
He has lost
Now we're on the moon.
Sister.
So she is a she.
True.
Crazy duck in space.
Enki's arm is artiglam. It the only thing that could reactivate the curse.
How are they gonna do all of this in three episodes.
Question: who agrees a movie is gonna happen.
How are you supposed to end this in 3 episodes. Simple, they haven't.
Sorry accidentally click on ahiijny
Movie is inevitable at this point.
I knew but no one believed that SHEM HA was the final antagonist.
Gods are vain.
Well here is always a bigger fish in the ocean. She would have to believe that there was a god that created her.
The best time for action is now.
NR die being power sources for the curse of balal reactivation.
When is Kami do niki happening?
Make everyone me.
True but I can regenerate.
Wait if she is an AI, then just say 0Ã·0.
Basically what SHEM HA IS saying.
Everyone will be better when they are me.
Don't like that.
Really? That quick.
You rest your case.
Sounds like ultron. A machine who thinks it knows everything but knows nothing.
A world of understanding.
Prevents her from control then as Well.
No I mean remove all individuality and the  you have a world were there is no war, famine, suffering arc.
What if SHEM HA plan to create a world of understanding is to make everyone her.
They've already gone full gay.
It is the last season like gumball who also tried to set up a movie.
I feel like this is leading to a movie now.
Miku starts to look like SHEM HA.
It is gone.
It left a long time ago.
God isn't here.
I knew this path would lead them to become actual monsters.
Just before i go to bed: who thinks enki will be in the next episode?
See you tomorrow.
Okay time for bed for me.
Of course.
And what's so wrong about that.
You are merely a tool.
If you have a creator then you are not a god.
But that's impossible, you would have be in this universe in order to be created.
Then I ask her the question , if you are a god? Who created you?
Evangelion
Sometimes god isn't one entity, it's a collection of beings.
BDM then she must be trying to make everyone herself.
Zesshouani will answer that.
True.
Once the curse is gone, all of hell is gonna burst through.
Had to relay on her disciples.
Got to get that god back in the bracelet and then throw it back in the coffin and bury it.
She kicked her in G.
Pyschic cat fight.
Inside her mind.
Miku does the fighting inside herself.
Hibiki doesn't fight SHEM HA cause it doesn't feel like a fighting song at all.
I have downloaded both of these songs.
Indeed.
I don't think so.
Yes, that will most likely be SHEM HA undoing.
Yes.
Hibiki's B song.
She is
Then get hit by a virus.
Real SHEM HA punched in the face.
Kami di niki for episode 12 now.
So he can be tortured by his own demons forever.
If it had been me, i would have banished him to hell.
Fudou got off lucky.
Seeing them not having a happy life because of some old douche tried to control some thing he couldn't.
I don't, I hate it.
Oh dear.
Doesn't it.
This makes me sound like a creep now.
It can break you when you see these characters suffer.
Looking at them every day.
Try me for been attached to these characters for 5 fucking years.
I hate anxiety.
I'm getting too worked up over this, the sooner all the episodes are done, the easier it will be to return back to my normal self.
Me too.
This plan sounds like evangelion except less depressing.
Others are debatable.
But that one is good.
I thought of a joke. You know jojo part 3 ending when jotaro has the photo, put symphogear XV final image when that episode comes out.
But I think we will she full body SHEM HA in her own body.
Maybe not.
Ok what if the final battle doesn't happen physically but digitally.
At this point, he is too important now.
I want him to be dead but not out of the picture just because he is.
He explains how the curse works and his history with SHEM HA.
Either we will see his corpse or a recording of him.
I think Enki will appear next episode in some form.
Could go either.
Me too but she is mostly likely not.
Also I wouldn't be surprised if they either save miku or they don't. It could go either of two ways. The keywords make you believe that but I KNOW BETTER than to believe lies.
I want chris to have a rocket launcher.
Both.
I think that both chris and Maria will have their amalgum forms in the next episode.
I think episode 13 will be longer than other episodes.
I mean she could reverse the earth's time.
The subs might have been wrong or I've taken the reverting the world back to 5000 years too seriously.
Yeah, by going back in time and preventing enki from creating the curse in the first place.
Just thinking about her plan.
A history where she doesn't exist.
Create a history.
Guys I just realised that SHEM HA is gonna try and go back in time. Time travel is happening.
The point in a battle where it is a it's highest.
I can't wait for the HIGH NOON.
Yes rosenweld yes.
Honestly i wish episode 13 to be the magnum opus of the series just so then it can end on a bang.
I think there are good memes then there are the ones that are just cringy like.....hgghh, fortnite.
Some are trash, just trash.
Especially the ones on <#601872369660854272>
Ok
I think this person watched the terrible subs or they don't get it.
https://yuriempire.wordpress.com/2019/09/07/symphogear-xv-episode-10-supercharged-rematch/amp/ 
Some weird thing I found.
Seems.....fitting
I always though a god would be endgame.
Also if the characters aren't named, they don't count.
Except it's not blood on her hands, it on the hands of a parasitic god.
Pretty much. I don't think you could do any more with them. Also when you have so many characters, sacrifices have to be made.
Do you think Chris has fulfilled her character arc?
Now we have memes
Just thinking....How are they gonna resolve this without it being rushed.
The ecstasy will be an all time high.
Feels familiar.
It's a parasitic god that's beaten by songs and memories.
Do you remember an episode of doctor who called the rings of akeaten.
To not show parallels.
There's a reason they didn't show his face.
Still think Enki's eyes will be orange.
Might be back in episode 12 or 13.
Yes.
Contrast.
He better have deep orange eyes with a blue ring.
Im thinking that enki is gonna appear in the next episode.
True.
Symphogear XV: extended cut.
Im just hoping.
Still thinking that episode 13 May be longer than other episodes.
When you have 3 episodes left, it's starting to feel like that.
Epilogue resolves all the character arcs
Because I feel like making something tragic
Make it an AU where that does happen.
Also I'm gonna write that scene.
So then that means somehow I win. I always win.
I know but i said I'm trying to make it a win win situation for me.
Gonna keep thinking that Miku is gonna die so then I am not disappointed. I'm trying to make it a win win situation  for me. Oh and if she does, kaneko could you make at least a heartfelt goodbye.
What do you think?
That would be interesting.
Or maybe I can do both.
One where Miku dies or dyes
Should I make it?
Ha ha ha, should have seen that one coming.
<:TsubasaYareYare:407397617451139073>
Love to upload it but I know it would just get this:
But it's me also.
Also I made a stupid recording cause I was bored. Its XV.
True.
I guess miku was always destined for this.
Also did anyone notice that SHEM HA has the same facial structure as Miku.
Or it might be a funky plot for a movie.
Hibiki vs the devil.
But yeah that's sounds like a good idea if they did it.
Didn't work out.
I tried to do that.
It would be an empty body with no soul inside.
I mean SHEM HA would be defeated...
I guess but then Miku would be a husk...I guess.
I feel like if you pull off the vambrace, that's not gonna bring her back.
So I've been going through a hard time lately.
My favourite character is Miku.
Don't fuck it up kaneko.
I love hibiki as a character too and I wish for her to be happy by the end.
The answer is no, no she is not.
I was just finishing my question myself.
Im talking about Rey.
You know who I mean.
I don't think so, she has flaws and doesn't always win. Unlike a certain character from sci fi franchise.
Im just asking a question.
No blasphemy please.
Is hibiki a Mary sue then?
XV has been great but that doesn't mean it is perfect and I'm okay with that.
Also if maria really is a descendent of enki would that make her part god. I mean it been thousands of years, by still got a little bit of that gene in there.
Literally.
Maria is the key.
Symphogear: has concepts that can be really cool or suck ass.
Chris will be a rocket launcher.
Maria's will be a big arm.
Yep.
Maria and Chris.
Who thinks we will get two amalgums next episode.
Bites the dust would have fixed any of this.
HELLA GAY AND I LOVE IT.
Hibiki and miku fuse together.
Nah.
SHEM HA gets shot in the head by alucard then he says kept you waiting huh.
Hibiki then jumps off the moon like OPM
True.
Next episode: Girls fight on moon, find out about enki and fail to stop monster girls from deactivating curse.
The animation would be god like.
I wouldn't either and I wouldn't have a problem with that.
Oh no
https://www.reddit.com/r/Symphogear/comments/d1hdz0/i_dont_know_how_to_feel_about_this/
No wives are gonna die...except in one universe.
Yes I would let you do that solo.
I don't know if that would be a good idea
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Nc_h_-7LOvQ&t=437s
Symphocast is back again.
I hate It just a dream endings.
No
It might happen but I doubt it.
SHEM HA killing herself. Hmmmmm
Oh it is so good.
Yes it is.
Actually, Kami di niki causes miku to fight SHEM HA then itaba injects her.
Although it would be funny when one character goes "Surprise bitch" from behind and injects her.
<@87512939107450880> i think it could but then that would be too easy.
This is for miku's keywords.
Me after reading last week's keywords:
Me too. But they already did that with the keywords.
NR finally acknowledge that being human isn't what is on the outside, it is on the inside. 
What do you think Cypher?
Carol, Maria and NR on the lunar base, trying to reactivate the curse, which results in NR death.
Do you think that how it is gonna be overall.
EP 11: We are on the moon and we fail.
EP 12: Hamster girl fights a god in her girlfriends body
EP 13: God has become perfection and loses it in five minutes to the power of love and friendship.
Miku dies but then she gets better.
Especially for me.
True, but the journey has still been rough.
Also who is excited for another round of KEYWORDS. Where everybody becomes concerned and anxious. Resulting in you having a panic attack and being sick.
She did it in AXZ episode 1.
No it can't.
It was late.
I did a stupid recording where I confess to accidently killing Miku. I don't why I was bored.
I....um.....shot...her.
Yeah that's most true if I hadn't killed her already.
Neat.
METANOIA
True.
The designs would be a mess.
Gotta implement amalgum somewhere.
Or AZ Drive.
I was thinking AX drive.
Boost the power so much it's destroys them.
That's good.
No gear ending.
Which results in no gears.
Then I will die.
Me too.
It would be so strong it would twist SHEM HA neck and snap it.
Would love hibiki and miku punch.
Autoscorers might be gone now for good, this time.
But I'm happy that the prison scene might be the last time we see him.
Prison was too good for fudou.
Hope he gets stabbed in prison.
Or have we passed that subject?
This is XV Dicussions, aren't we suppose to be talking about symphogear.
But now, I'm thinking that was me thinking bullshit.
Because then I realised that miku might be gone forever.
Episode 8 of XV is what I would consider a really great time, then the next day was the hangover period.
Nah, orange juice is fine by me.
Good, I would like to keep my kidneys and liver healthy.
Tried it one time, did not like the taste
Also I don't drink alcohol.
That is true.
I don't like fizzy drinks. Prefer flat.
Prison was too good for fudou.
Fuck, you're right.
The most emotional scene in all of symphogear history.
And I was just having fun.
Didn't realise it till now.
I think I have scared most people away from <#431914167826382860>.
People after reading my posts that I have uploaded today:
She Would take over the world in about an hour.
Uses car to destroy tower
Do it like fast and the furious.
Ninja man away
Itaba saves the day.
Hopefully by EP 12.
Fuckkkkkkkkkkk
There there.
Sorry then.
Solopy doesn't like jojo.
Sorry Joppy.
Okay.
Me too, the moment was ruined.
NR In the background dead, they've turned to stone.
Somebody draw that.
That's what I was about to say before you said it.
What if it is big fist with big gay.
Me too. Especially seeing as some of them have been correct.
Or at least a good TV show.
I know but I think I would make a cool one.
An illusion created by mysterio.
In other words, Retcon.
I would watch that.
SPINOFF!!!!
NR either sacrifice themselves to reactivate the curse or they die next episode to a grenade launcher by Chris.
I thought you did at first then I realised you were being sarcastic.
God, I just don't like that keyword.
True.
It's over. Time to shut it down.
No....just today. Not gonna use it anymore. The joke is done.
Rule of three.
Whenever I read this:
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Fuck, that strikes me in the heart.
Gone are the memories of the rainbows and sunshine.
Ohhhhh noooooo
No
Okay.
Are you talking to me?
Well I am the most evil person on the planet.
Well, we know what job she will have after she is beaten by the girls.
I think it will be played in episode 12.
You finalized it for me solo so I don't care.
I'm just I got what i wanted after 4 years of waiting so I am at peace.
I trying not to go to that level because I know I will be disappointed.
And don't get me started on beerus.
I mean he can use god Ki.
Vegeta would win. He is OP, man. He could kick SHEM HA ass too.
She loses some thing but not her life or miku.
Unlikely.
Hibiki loses an arm in SHEM HA fight. Nah i know she won't or will she. Dun dun duhhhh.
I glad you enjoy it but it isn't mine.
Hope you enjoy it.
<@125322423355703296> 
Here it is.
Yes I thought it would be cool, in fact someone did some artwork of it too.
Can't wait for Friday.
Why are Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, the worst days to come on discord?
I don't care.
It's fine.
Well Voyear, you have beaten me. Well done.
I'm not very good at conversations.
Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you, if that was the case.
Oh no, you did not just go there.
Miku is best meme material.
Could you fix this as well.
Chris is best meme material.
Forget it.
You're free to use the image.
Yeah, but you're free to use it for any symphogear posts.
People have already got annoyed with it.
I wouldnt use that.
Cause I think I have an idea.
Question: what do any of you think will happen in episode 11.
She might.
I don't think so.
Why?
I can't decide.
Also do all of the girls have the same facial structure or are they different? Just saying.
I agree with you Cypher, I do want to see complete SHEM HA.
If Miku is dead, then kaneko has some pretty big balls.
SHEM HA needs her to stay in the back of her mind.
In a perfect world in guess.
That would be cool. It would at the same time when hibiki is singing her song.
SHEM HA vs Miku.
Yeah.
I expect something in the mind to happen.
DAMMIT.
Oh the auto translate changed it.
Although I wouldn't have a problem with that.
Physiologically, not physically.
I meant by inside herself.
Hibiki can't fight SHEM HA Miku but Miku can.
And now hibiki is singing about how gay she is for miku.
Yes to me it is. Because it might be the key to saving Miku.
Who agrees that Kimi dake ni  will be played in episode 12?
Not episode 11, because.....Well, the girls need to fuck up.
Oh no.
Cause if it is true then there's a spoiler.
I can see that. Also is it true that the voice actresses for kanede and serena were there on the last day of recording.
What was he smoking
Wait are there other custodians?
They crash then they have to drive back.
There has been less noise in this season than others.
I don't know if that is a good thing or a bad thing.
The only remaining record of this fantastic artwork.
Even Hugo strange is a better evil scientist cause he wants to be batman.
Dr Ver's history is surrounded in mystery, most likely to make himself more of a hero.
And that is how to ruin a season.
Ughhhhhh
Then that means.....
This is also Elsa in a nutshell.
Oh look a puppy.
Careful honey, he has a knife.
Uh wha....wha...no I don't.
I am quite afraid of the preview images, they bring a certain dread to them.
Surprising but expected at the same time.
In one fell swoop.
The sun can destroy nearby systems when it goes supernova.
I live in the country, it's so nice and breezy too.
Also the curse might be a good thing.
Also we need the moon. It's quite important.
Otherwise I wouldn't be able to see this every morning.
I need the sun.
Don't you dare.
As well as creatures breathing CO2
Without the sun, plants wouldn't be able to photosynthesis which is a process that allows plants to grow and create waste products for us to survive.
That cancer orb is the reason any of us exist.
I said on the sun, not fight the sun
How would you fight on the sun?
And watch as our heroes are thrown in the squalor of their despair. Only then will they know the TrUtH
Oh trust me, I've holding back. I'm waiting for the victory.
It gonna be BeAuTiFuL
And it will be.....a sight to see. Heh heh heh heh Ha HA HA HA HA HA.
It is going to break her.
Beserk hibiki on the moon, what could go wrong.
Seeing as last time, miku god appear, I wouldn't take this with a pinch of salt.
Sad one because there is no miku to sing it. Ahhhhhhhhhh.
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
Rookie, I would like that to happen and if that doesn't happen, at least someone can make a fanfic afterwards.
Yeah you're right. Plus he didn't start out like that.
OP characters can be ingesting. It's gonna be hard but he does have a weakness.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vandal_Savage
Nobody complains about that.
Vandal savage is immortal.
Just a powerful magic user with two blades that kill god.
He's not a god.
To the point he can't move.
Also despite him being immortal, if he uses too much magic, he can exhaust himself.
Like his obessessions.
He's not perfect. He has flaws.
He's an antagonist and I like writing villains.
He is something she can't control and can't kill.
She both respects and fears him.
Yes .
Looks like they did.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gallu
They have demons.
Wait....If SHEM HA IS god then Enki is the devil in her eyes.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn_lfATheJ0
I sing a chant to SHEM HA where I say " go eat a dick".
On crunchyroll, YouTube and VK.
Maybe.
I don't know.
It even killed mysterio, or did it?
Just like this discussion, it seems
Literally.
It kills you.
When it is hibiki's birthday but miku isn't here to celebrate with her:
Make a world of understanding.
Zino motive is too finally fix the world and return it to a state of peace.
I'm depowering Zino. I still want him to be powerful and still scare SHEM HA but I think I will do it for a different reason.
I hate villains that are not interesting.
Mcu thanos.
He is the final boss.
I was trying to write a thanos like character.
No, just wanted to be the biggest threat.
Didn't say he couldn't lose.
Zino is broken, basically a man who gave himself all the time in world and made himself powerful just so then he could make himself have an identity from the person he hates so much.
I did, I read solo's. I just bad at explaining things also I change things a lot.
I already did.
Oh dear.
I have 3 per day. Luckily it's uncafinated
We use tea for either dinner or for actual tea cause we drink so much of it.
And it been around for years.
We call it linner.
Yep  I am British.
That's not a joke. I actually had it.
Okay I'm back from having beef stroganoff for tea.
So.we are stopping for now.
I'm about to eat tea and watch confessions on Itv with my family.
Also these characters are just self inserts of myself.
Nah, I'll wait, I waited for 4 years for mikugear to come back. I can wait.
I think we just end it for now. Wait till the last 3 episodes so then I can fit all the necessary pieces.
It is in fancontent, you just search for Dino Zino, the forger and the beast. I explained all of this weeks ago.
I'm going to <#357682999300718592>
Dino or "The forger" was a man who wielded extreme power, for not only did he create the weapons that the gods used to fight beings from other worlds, he was able conjure spells to help him in the tide of battle. His greatest power much like "The beast" was his immortality as throughout the ages, his appearance never changed, not even a speck on his body ever change. Many people would have believed that he was man like them,  however according to many that knew him it appeared that he could transform into a Lizard like creature with great strength and agility. Many people would have believe that he was a god but in reality, he was just man.
Zino try to change the past and wanted the custodians to win as he believed that they would bring the necessary order to earth.
Both are from the present.
Time travel is needed to explain a lot of this.
Dino is the forger, the person who had fought Zino for millions of years
No, Zino was a grudge that existed that lived in Dino,before Dino used ancient magic  techniques to eject him from his body. The grudge became a soul and entered a dead child, changing it which results in him looking like Dino except bald.
A 20 year war between custodians and humans who have become gods.
For what he did in the forgotten war.
She just fears him.
They are working together.
Technically he kind of is.
The future will be saved.
Oh nooooooooo
If you jinx it.
Because It won't happen.
Don't.
Don't jinx it.
Ahhhhhhhh
15 minutes to go.
Don't jinx anymore.
Oh shit we've been jinxing that miku won't die.
NANI
Oh
Are you British too?
I drink tea 3 times a day, I'm British.
For me, it's walking round in a circle trying not to cough otherwise I'll throw up.
Then the speculation can begin.
Just wait little longer, you will get them.
Actually it's 9:33
Happy birthday hibiki, sorry miku couldn't be there for it.
I know it was most likely because it goes well with her personality but I wanted it too have more meaning.
I always thought, why did they choose celtic for hibiki's genre.
Or more importantly one side of her ancestry.
Especially with Hibiki.
It's not, it's relevant to my fic though.
My ancestors were at the Glencoe massacre, they were supposed to protect the McDonald's from the Campbell and they failed.
Scotland.
From my true home, where I truly belong.
The runes of my ancestors.
I learn celtic runes.
I think that why I'm ill, my body can't take the amount of exicitement.
That's not what I need because my anxiety makes me quite ill.
And those pics fuel it.
There there.
Not till tomorrow unfountunately.
I always thought of AXZ and XV as a two parter series.
Last week it was because I thought they were going to do a training montage which then I would have lost my shit.
Every time I see the preview images, they fill me with dread now.
Thank you Ariathan.
When you lose your purpose after finishing college.
The holidays have sucked for me.
You got yourself in this mess, you can get it out.
SHEM HA IS an AI.
Cute....but also out of context, this would be....weird.
Keywords = Bullshit.
At least we know he keywords were a lie.
I know someone did.
Who Jinxed it, who jinxed it.
Whose touching the Miku.
Don't touch the Miku.
To all of XV.
Because I thought of a joke that would make sense.
Does anyone remember Sr pelo underpants perfect ending.
And the keywords.
For once I'm okay from looking at these preview images.
She just needs the motivation.
But not for long, as if I have known Miku for a long time, it that is soooooooo godamm stubborn.
That's what I thought
Is beserk even possible for the  symphogear users now.
In her amalgum.
Then she uses a grenade launcher.
No missiles
Ha.
I going into more dark territory. Also berserk shouldn't even be possible.
Or something is more.....sinister is afoot.
Plus the new miku photo, SHEM HA, smiling and DMJii running down a dark hallway. The pieces start to add up.
People might say it is a coincidence but after the mikugear event, there are no coincidences.
Unless....Oh no.
Now with the gear user cause that shouldn't be possible.
I was thinking about the beserk event in XDU and I was thinking......why now? 
Unless somethings happens.
I bet that episode will be longer.
Episode 13 will be all of them fighting SHEM HA then epilogue.
That's was SHEM HA
Yes.
And I was just asking any of you when you think it will appear.
I thinking is either episode 12 or 13 but I don't know.
I don't know when Hibiki's B song will be.
Do you agree?
Only for you Is either in episode 12 or 13.
That's rhetorical, I know why.
Kind of does, how does that work.
Also miku living in SHEM HA body or at least a cross between both seems likely
Just to fix this.
All we need is a big friendly button.
Best way to bring understanding. Make everyone think like you.
No, she just controls them.
I'm just worried that there is a reverse sequence.
With humans.
Custodian civil war.
Custodians vs rebel custodians.
We will most likely see how she was killed the first time and the silver arm being created.
Swan songs are not intense anymore.
Ha
Thinking
Hibiki B song.
But her B song.
True.
Because they want us to feel.
Cause then there will be one that is right.
I guess a lot.
True.
Up to this point.
SHEM HA always uses everything she has.
That SHEM HA smile though...looks like she has a plan.
Oh well.
Not as much with me. Now we get an answer.
Always though those forms were an attempt to make more songs
Didn't see them.
Did they? Oh.
Also it can litterally remake body parts.
Why do you think they kept DMJii on earth. Suspecious.
Also that's amazing.
I have a theory that I believe might happen  or might not. This is all based on  Hibiki's B song. But I'm not gonna tell it because it might be stupid and I don't want to be judged.
That's not bad.
No more bulling....not on my playground. It against the rules.
Even the little pieces.
I think I know how this all turns out.
That one would be hilarious.
Maybe even the toilet one.
I dunno we will see how this turns out. Any of us could be right at this point.
Might be?
This is going to be an interesting 3 episodes. Don't you agree?
Also if she reaches full power, hibiki might not be able to actually touch her
I'd be fine with that.
Befriending her might be easier
Killing god is hard.
SHEM HA might live and I would be fine with that.
In the series.
Just saying most antagonist die at some point.
So did fine in G.
Ver was the main antagonist of G and still died.
Carol isn't even carol.
Main villains always die.
Then she sacrifices herself for miku soul.
Possibly might happen.
Not unlikely
The doctor suspended someone in time and made them a scarecrow... A scarecrow.
For 1000 years.
Then look at discord ( mlp) turned into a statue then used as garden asscessorie.
Then I can make one and put it in my garden
Still want her as a statue.
Can't kill an immortal, then trap them.
I call her statue-Ha
I was thinking what if SHEM HA gets turned into a statue by her own attack and then becomes a garden accessory.
I will tell you after the episode has come out.
You'll have to wait cause it is based in assumptions also XDU event.
Looks like a ice skating sailor moon.
Okayyyyyyyy.
We shall see if I am right or wrong tomorrow.
I just thought it.
I don't know why.
I want SHEM HA to die in a position like Quentin Beck.
Or maybe even fudou, cause at this point he is even worse than Ver.
Or Ver. Depends on which one is the trashiest.
My reaction to Adam in AXZ: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GS3dgBSukC8
Makes SHEM HA horny for Hibiki.
Miku's personality starts to leak.
White hair miku is still possible though.
Now saying it out load, nah.
Looking at the preview now, this isn't too far away.
I swear to god if they leave this series on a CLIFFHANGER and say wait for the movie to come out in 2020 or 2021. I will be pissed.
Then yet again it is very similar to that star butterfly episode know as into the wand.
Even if it is worse then I could imagine.
To me the worst part is not knowing what happened to her. At least now I can move on and not be ill in the bathroom.
I talked about it being time travel. Now I realise that was bullshit.
Like I said, anything could happen  although the XDU event might explain what happens.
We will just have to wait and see. After all, the previews or keywords don't give the full picture and some twist might come out of them.
Yep I'm smart but still an idiot at the same time.
They really do.
I just love enki's design.
You're just setting up your own demise
It's weird though.
Nothing but LIES to manipulate the masses
Basically the keywords are bullshit at this point.
Not sure anymore. She might have been originally but then changed her physiology match that of custodians.
True.
ARMADOS, they're smart but also stupid like everyone.
And....not because it would satisfying as hell.
To make sure she never comes back.
Then I put her in my garden.
Basically, she kills herself by mistake.
Her attack backfires on her.
Which then gets turned into a statue.
Yes all of them singing together and leaving only one version of her left.
Singing is the perfect antivirus
Happened.
Thank God GX
Genius.
Delete her from all humans.
She's immortal so the only way to stop her is stop her from dieing again.
Devolving her.
Instead of using the curse again on humanity, they use it on SHEM HA herself.
Cause I know how this is gonna end.
Makes me want to see how it ends now. I'm not afraid.
They were be in the eternals
Mcu celestials.
The celestial created three humanoid species because they were curious to see how they could change life on earth. They also associated with the Infinity stones.
Marvel.
There still like the celestials though.
Neutral then.
But I didn't expect them to be good. Huh.
And that the custodians we're aliens like the celestials.
I knew it. I knew the curse wasn't a curse
And it is gonna be cool.
Well, maybe something more epic will replace it.
I just said something fucking cheesy and I LOVE IT.
The thing about song fights, the song always wins.
Ha ha ah ha ha ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
You find a way to win and everybody still loses.
Save the world at the cost of the relics.
What is happening right now.
Oh dear. Flame war.
That would be awesome.
Yeah. Spin off.
Statue HA IS now possible.
Who bets she turns into a statue.
It just that she is connecting to everyone. Basically what I said a couple of weeks ago, make everyone her.
No time reveral
Carol, fix it then we can use to fix the world. Then you will become a hypocrite.
She couldn't possess anyone, only her descendants.
So she most likely did the same thing as SHEM HA then only weaker.
Hmmmmmmmmm
She is gone.....for now.
Except kanede, she is dead
True. The only ones who didn't were the characters from the first episode.
Chris has been pushed to the side this year.
Chris and hibiki B songs for episode 12.
Everyone else's did
Hibiki B song happens second hald
Chris B song happens first half.
Then B song happens in second half, frees miku And then SHEM HA has a backup plan in which she makes herself again.
Chris amalgum is a giant rocket which sends hibiki flying to earth and punching ygsisill so hard it falls down.
I dunno.
Used in first half then hibiki goes flying down to earth because chris rocket.
Chris amalgum is last, that's weird
True.
This ruins it.
No.
Ultimate song for episode 13
B song for episode 12.
Then help them and die.
They change their mind and go " ok we have fucked up".
I bet that.
Noble red die being power to the curse.
It is a nice dress.
Then see pigeons shit on her.
Just makes me want to turn her into a statue even more.
No I didn't.
True especially if B song is sung next ep.
Keeping miku alive was her first mistake.
Last action hero was actually Last action villain. Oh no.
Yes.
Then kick.
I SAID singing first.
Repeatedly
Then they all gang up on SHEM HA and kick her.
She then sings then everything is fine then she gets pummeled.
No beserk, you tricked me XDU.
Which means.....hghhhhhh
And Ver was there.
Well if all the actress were there on the last day then that means.
It was good even though in its later season , it made some questionable decisions.
Steven universe is mostly based on anime in the first place.
I am made of love.
Ha ha.
Fucking garnet.
Oh, then no not like that. I was thinking about.......I can't believe I'm gonna say this....Steven Universe.
Why?
I don't know that show but yesssss?
At least hibiki and miku would be together forever.
Although I doubt it will happen.
It's a stupid idea but in symphogear, it might just work.
After that image I saw the other day, now I wish for Hibiki and miku souls to fuse together then Hibiku can kick SHEM HA's ass.
I no longer expect miku to die, but it could fuck us over and does a gunenn largen.
I know I might be wrong but hey speculation is what makes this fun.
Who agrees?
Rocket launcher or BIG BOW Chris will be awesome.
Episode 12: HIBIKI and Chris fight Vanessa, then they beat her with amalgum then hibiki says her magic words and then Chris uses her amalgum to launch hibiki back to earth, then she uses her B song.
Which is crap so I would believe that series to be crap too if it were made.
Like dragon ball heroes.
Promote the game.
XDU spin off series.
I don't know.
They never will.
But they don't ruin the memories.
True.
But I doubt it.
Might fuck me over in the last 2 episodes.
Cause one day I hope to make a video on Why symphogear XV is the perfect ending to the series.
Who agrees with me?
Movies on the other hand. If satalight and elemental gardens want to milk this cow even more then it is most likely will happen.
I know there is a less of chance for a spinoff. But hey I can wish.
Hopefully there are movies and a spinoff.
Oh well...at least I have all the memories......as well as the tranformations on my phone....heh heh Boi.
And return to my normal life.....Oh wait, symphogear was a part of that.
And now it's ending.
Fuck.
Now...I can no longer get sick.
All of that fear and worry is now gone, thanks to solo.
The last 4 weeks have been awful and now its all gone.
I sabotaged the schedule.
Kaneko
We are going to do it how I want to.
Fuck the schedule.
Manipulate the mass
Unless it's a trick.
But yeah 48 min episode would fix a lot of problems
Time travel through bullshit that we haven't heard of before.
As that would make an excuse for time travel and I don't want that.
Second part not likely
First part likely.
True, I mean where else are you gonna put it, these are 20 min episodes.
True then unfountunately my dream won't come true.
Both a reference and quite literally.
Ha ha ha.
I bet the last episode title will be IF THE WORLD HAD A SONG.
Then 10th song in episode 13.
Who bets chris and hibiki B song will be in next episode?
And it comes right off.
I still think Hibiki's B song will be in episode 12.
Something awesome is coming next episode and I CANT WAIT.
Completing her character arc for this season.
At least tsubassa got to fight milarac again.
Daedalus end+rocket launcher = ????
Chris uses her amalgum to launch hibiki from the moon. Who thinks that will happen.
Okay
Let us help you and die in the process in doing so.
Now, she just goes okay my plan was stupid, because I thought she actually meant turning people into monsters not turning people into herself.
She just goes, well I fucked up.
Maybe Vanessa doesn't even fight them
I would expect either next episode or episode 13. But I would prefer episode 12.
Very different.
Season 1 was different.
True, but there is a 10th song.
I'm worse. So you can fangirl all you want.
That would be awesome and hilarious as well as meme worthy.
Chris rockets hibiki back to earth using a giant rocket launcher in her amalgum.
So next episode then
The last song.
Who think Hibiki B song will be in next episode unless it is......
Unless.....
Next episode: Chris amalgum and hibiki B song....hopefully.
Not yet.
Unlike symphogear.....woahhhhhhhhhh.
You know what.....it actually does.
Also RWBY is terrible now and I couldn't care less what happened to the characters.
Otherwise known as the SS snowflake.
The Striding special snowflake.
They are quite hilarious.
I'm talking about the posts above yours.
Do you think SHEM HA should die like that. I mean they still do the ultimate song, I just saying this is what I would want after that.
Ha.
I also love it when villains die by their hands unintentionally, makes it more satisfying.
Maybe a better name.
Cult of SHEM HA.
Cause I would expect some kind of cult to form out of all of this.
Muh HA HA HA HA HA HA.
Or would it?
This would ultimately get rid of her as a threat for good.
Some people just don't want to listen to her words and they pay the price for it.
It would allow hibiki to stay in character whilst also showing that not everyone that hibiki interacts with is not going to turn good.
She tries to reach  out to SHEM HA but then SHEM HA tries to kill her with her silver laser (because she is too far gone at this point) but it deflects and hit SHEM HA.
But there are lollies in this show, aren't there? They won't know the difference.
For being thirsty
MI5 gonna be at my door any minute.
Wait what do you mean by that? Cause if your thinking differently to me then.....oh no.
Heh heh.
I have one.
Now I want a spinoff, DAMMIT.
It's perfect.
It would be neat.
I would want twins for some reason.
None of this is real, I know this is fiction.
(I'm staying in character).
And he's a prick.
No that's my evil doppelganger.
I didn't say I was immortal.
I got better.
I once asked her to punch me in the face, my jaw came off.
I can regenerate.
Oh trust me. Just because she'll be defeated doesn't mean problems are going to go away.
I just come round their house with consent.
No.
It's my duty
I need to keep an eye on her so she never comes back.
Or my garden, right in the centre
Cause if that is the case, it's going into the deepest, darkest part of "The vault".
I could go many ways, I'm still betting on the statue.
Like I said, future tech
Future tech.
I would love that.
In the future if the franchise Carrys on in some form or another.
So then there Is more to explore.
Some things are best left mysterious.
Chris and hibiki might both have time cause we've got the lore out of the way now.
Maybe it will be both.
I know.
Its your preference and they are different from ours.
And you can't change that. But if you think that it has been boring then, I respect your opinion.
Yes it has.
WTF
Pretty much.
I think it is quite a cool creature.
It was in RWBY vol 4.
It's this:
I've got to go fight a NUCKLAVAE.
But I know they've got this.
Even though I know at some point, a cult is going to form from this and try to resurrect SHEM HA again.
The actual natural sort.
The peace that you find in the countryside. True peace.
Then I will find peace.
Hopeful they find there's.
Love wholesome ness, make me feel at peace.
So technically they would be older then me if the show didn't decide to retcon the timeline.
I was a minor when i first watched the show. I'm 18 now.
Technically they aren't minors where I'm from.
Shem Ha plan seems like the masters plan.
Matt Smith is my second favourite.
calm down Dino, it's just an opinion
WTF.
There not going to think like me, they are going to become me.
This is basically SHEM HA'S plan in a nutshell: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=UszT_L4QWII
NANI?
Ohhhhhhhh
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh.....okay
Still thinking that Chris is gonna launch hibiki back to earth and then the rest of them go " okay what do we do now".
Cause I know what the 10th song is....ITS A FUCKING CHRIS AND HIBIKI SONG.
I just think I've given up on what. I really wanted from this season.
She is the love interest after all.
I'm thinking now miku gonna not be in the fight and is just rescued again...then yet again it's not her story.
Wait till she changes then she can punch her.
Well more talk then she dies from her own mistake.
True, they are gonna kill that mad alien scientist god.
Or writing.
With just words.
Only he and others have the power to change the universe itself.
Shem Ha isn't the real god. Kaneko is.
I bet he or someone else will tell stories about different characters in the future.
True, ever heard of crisis on intimate earth's.
I just don't know why Kaneko is ending the series but I think it is because once you dealt with "God" there really isn't anything else bigger than that.
Best to start all over again...I guess.
Anyway, let's move away from that.
But I know I have missed my opportunity.
I have a crush on her.
No I mean an actual person.
Her name is Abby.
Also I already have someone I have eyes for.
Because I don't fuck crazy.
Everyone seems to have fallen for her....except me.
Although fine slapped her.
She licked Miku's ear.
That is a crime. Only hibiki can do that.
It's coming.....The end
Hibiki: What did you do to Miku
SHEM HA: I'm sorry are you talking to me.
Shem Ha copy 1: or to me
SHEM HA copy 2: or to me
SHEM HA copy 3: or to me
SHEM HA copies: or to us.
Shem Ha is president of the United States.
There is no human race, there is only the SHEM HA race.
His species are too literate.
He just doesn't get metaphors.
Drax is smart
Chris's role is like drax from GOTG VOL 2 this season
I'm distracting you bro.
I would have had a dance fight against her.
Whilst riding a rocket with Hibiki in front of it fisting ygsisill.
But there is still one thing left.
Things I wanted.
Good stuff has happened.
Seeing saint Germain again was nice though.
Yep, her and serena are irrelevant but they are still likely gonna be in the finale in some form or another.
She's not important anymore.
Especially a kanede one, Tsubasa only mentions her once this season
I just want a new one.
I know there is a duet for Zesshouani.
HIBIMIKU duet, cause if that happens, I will die.....I will die but of happiness.
I think I the only one that loves to hate SHEM HA, not as much as Fudou....But still.
My god, not that false pretender.
God these next two episodes are gonna feel rushed.
Any more than it is.
It was good the first time, don't overuse it
You will bring the STANDO POWER, memes back. Don't ruin jojo.
No more of that.
No amalgum ghosts
How???
HIBIMIKU duet.
Maria: STOP being evil 
Vanessa: okay.
Maria slaps Vanessa and makes her realise that she fucked up.
Several shooting stars soaring across the sky with all the characters colours.
It must be the last image....Oh it might be.
Call back
I want shooting stars.
Or there new approach to re-release the film with small amounts of new footage attached.
Goodbye
Oh no....run
Just thought he should read the old one first so then he can appriciate the newer one on its improvements.
https://m.fanfiction.net/s/13370095/1/My-Sunshine-Nuova-Alba
I was gonna
Here
https://m.fanfiction.net/s/12678710/1/My-Sunshine
Hold on.
Although I do prefer his new updated one.
It is.....so good.
Solopy wrote a 39 chapter long fanfic about an alternate ending to AXZ.
My SUNSHINE
Really. You don't know about it.
Thank you solo for a brilliant fanfic and you continue to perfect your work for years on end.
At least solo's fic gave me that. Thank you.
But I don't think I will have any more surprises now.
They break fucking boundaries.
Probably not but if it does, power to them.
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
Also I know there won't be a HIBIMIKU kiss.
Especially mine but I'm starting to doubt it.
Maybe? There still hope for our dreams to come true.
No I was talking to solo, I don't know.
Yes.
Any of us could be right.
You could be right, I could be right.
We shall see.
Cause that would be useful right about now.
I wonder if the ruins have a teleporter.
I doubt that because it's episode 12, also they need to get on the moon to be safe.
I know in real life, her songs are going to make a lot of money and people like me wanted her back.
I said a bit because if carol doesn't come back, then what was the point of bringing her back in universe.
Even though she was necessary in episode 8, that's pretty much it.
It was nice we even got carol back even though now that episode felt a bit like fanservice.
Although she is now a language, so I guess she doesn't need to sing.
I expect a SHEM HA song, if that is not the case, then you have disappointed me, kaneko.
Can't wait for Friday.
HA that is hilarious, I wish that they were two separate people just so then I could see their reactions.
If anyone can break reality itself, it's hibiki.
Maybe hibiki punches space and time so much that kanede and serena appear.
Shem HA grows really big then they have to create a giant mecha to beat the shit out of her.
I wish that were true.
What I want the moon to say to Hibimiku in episode 13: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=4Co1RQ_0emI
I wouldn't be surprised if some part of SHEM HA survived within Miku.
Maybe that's what episode 13 is like....but we will just have to wait and see because events in this series have been going quick.
First half saving Miku then other half getting rid of SHEM HA completely.
I expect the episode to end with Hibiki and SHEM HA looking at each other.
Except one can see the past present and future.
They gods but scientists at the same time.
And we're already gods.
Except they are both ancient beings.
( The answer is gonna be no one seeing as that is always the case).
Who agree with me?
Either this Is a coincidence or Kaneko play too much assassins creed before writing the script for XV.
The difference are is that Juno is a speciest as well in love with another Isu who keeps getting reincarnated in people who have his DNA. Also she is dead for good whilst SHEM HA IS still kicking.....for now.
Both also want to control human through artifacts and ancient machines.
Also both help create humanity.
Am I the only one making the comparison here?
Also this what Juno looks like:
Is this really a coinicidence?
Or possess other people.
Both are psychotic scientist who are also technically gods, both betrayed their own people and were defeated by them, but they found a way to stay immortal but they are trapped in a singular area or object by their people only for the protagonists to release them where they integrate themselves in the cyber realm.
Also doesn't anymore get comparisons of SHEM HA and Juno from assassins creed.
Me too.
SHEM HA and Juno as well.
Wait the custodians and the Isu seem more similar now.
Cool.
Also Enki had a hidden blade sword.
This is symphogear, lazors have to be somewhere.
Fun fact: I pictured him having blue hair.
Not that I think he is hot cause....he is.
Fine has good taste in hot alien god scientist
Fucking terrifying.
That is enki according to spagettibastard.

Anyway I found Enki artwork on Tumblr (It's not symphogear, but it's still him).
Ohhhhhh, but I like going the extra mile, I mean have you heard of professor pyg. Guy's even more fucked up than what i wrote about Fudou above.
Like he dreamt of a sexualized version of Japan. 
Guys fucking crazy,even more than Ver, so I would believe that.
I just thinking what if FUDOU " The bastard" Kazanari love for Japan was actually literally.
Ha ha.
Is that sarcasm I can taste?
I know but tsubasa did go full reverse chariot didn't she.
At least pol's life gor better when he got turned into a turtle and joined the mafia.
Although both their lives are bitches at this point.
From my perspective.
Pol is also a side main.
She went full reverse chariot in episode 10.
Tsubasa is like polneraff at this point.
I should make a comic where hibiki punches me in the face.
She goes like, how are you alive
Hibiki says "him".
I go "hey".
They go who are you?
I shrug.
Then miku slaps her but she enjoys it.
I,I did that.
No it's my gun.
Im like die god and shoot god.
In one- two weeks time.
Until she gets FISTED.
At least SHEM HA can have that.
Except Juno doesn't lick people's ear.
Im saying they are both quite similar.
Isu all have the power to physically see time.
Maybe he respected all form of life and that they should be allowed to lead their own path
Enki was the god of creation.
In any fiction, gods are dicks.
It's like " we got enki, what should we do about SHEM HA"
" Ah, nothing will happen, it's not like these humans are stupid and power hungry".
"Should we tell them about the network blocker"
"No"
If it's not there, then the custodians took his body and never bothered to deal with SHEM HA corpse.
Have you watched episode 11 yet.
It would be in the control room.
Also where is his body.
No, cause he died before he could.
Yes.
Uhhhhhh, I don't think she can anymore.
Insert DOL GADUR theme.
Something far worse than SHEM HA, if that is even possible.
If they do a movie, I would expect It the villain to be a demon or some thing that the custodians sealed before they went to earth.
No that's a artistic depiction of enki.
Like this.

Instead we are probably going to get unesscasary bullshit
I just wanted a new HIBIMIKU duet.
Cause i know I won't get what I want.
Then will come the crippling disappointment.
Cause I won't until episode 13 comes out.
Don't let your hopes die.
It's X DRIVE shenshoujing.
It's from XDU
Why did you go hmmmmmm.
I didn't say that hibiki sings it, cause she won't.
I know. Maybe Maria sings it again. I don't know how it is going to go.
THE GREATEST LANGUAGE IN THE UNIVERSE.
He song might be the catalyst for hibiki to beat SHEM HA and save miku is through the power of song.
I always though of Apple as more of a song that enki sung for fine.
bang, bang bang and more bang
Boom.
On ygsisill.
Then giant missile with fist attached.
Guns and more guns next episode.
Custodians after SHEM HA tries to control the world.
Ah shit here we go again.
Our hard work, seriously it's never been this hard on other planets.
Every mass extinction event, they go " noooooooooo".
I feel like the custodians left because they got sick and tired of trying to save life on earth for the 8th time.
65 million years ago.
Well gentlemen, sooner or later, we are going to have out first sentient beings.
Wait what is that?
Oh no
Meteorite crashes.
Well gentleman who is ready for round 7.
I feel like their are several ways this series could end.
But maybe this will be the exception.
I always hate endings, means I have to say goodbye
Looking forward to how this chapter ends.
Apart from the Segway noise, there haven't been any new designs....I think.
Weirdly enough, the noise haven't been in this season as much.
I mean it's not like this show hasn't borrow elements from other shows.
If you say so.
Don't know why....but it would make the ending bittersweet if they couldn't hand Hold anymore.
Now someone got me in the idea of right armless hibiki and left armless miku.
Just have to see in 2020 when they release season 1 on DVD in the West.
Yes their is and it is translated it just that  it not popular in the West, so why bother with a physical publication.
Miku doesn't lose an arm unless her and hibiki punch SHEM HA so hard it causes their arms to explode.
Happy part: they are together again.
Bittersweet part: No more hand holding.
If Miku right hand starts punching SHEM HA. That would be hilarious and awesome.
That is how you end an anime, on the mooooooooonnnnnnnnn
Ah ha.
On the moon.
She can't fight anymore.
Ummmmmm, maybe?
Even milarac
But I'll be fine with that.
Unless they don't die, which is weird.
NR might power the chataue.
Hidden episode 14, would be the greatest twist of all time.
I doubt there is a hidden episode 14. If that were the case.....I would be flabbergasted
Until clara beats it with a leaf.....a fucking leaf, you ruined it clara.
How the doctor beats akeaten seems symphogear to me.
Me too.
Much like her butt.
This show is a gem that is now beginning to shine.
The manga says that is her attractive point.
But seeing how this has become so popular in Japan, they might just do movies now or do a new show with a different cast.
We shall see. Maybe it is the first song that was created in the universe.
To fine.
Apple is most likely Enki's song.
Trust me it is gonna feel rushed either way.
Hibiki is the distraction
Hibiki just needs to destroy one to get SHEM HA'S attention.
Carol can destroy the rest.
I said one of them.
Ygisisill.
OMP reference if that's the case.
Cause I think so. Don't put on the moon and expect her not to jump from it.
By the way, who thinks hibiki is gonna punch the tower
True.
Good luck as well.
Also apple backstory would be nice.
And hibiki gets ejected from the moon or something punching main ygissill
Chris amalgum next ep.
Actually it would be better, best not to stoke the fire.
27 hours and 50 minutes to go.
It is a godsend.
Because sad things make us appreciate happy things.
You think symphogear gonna have better pacing.
I got that and I realised that you were talking to solo.
I never did.
I didn't say that.
You need a monster to kill every season, there is your solution.
Okay now you've triggered me.
No not miku, I said separate everyone with the disector, basically then the bracelet combines with the DNA creating a monstrous entity separate from miku.
All the DNA forms into monster SHEM HA.
I don't care any more.
With consent.
Dissector with carols help using NR as a power source.
Maybe losing an arm In the process as well. But I think I'm just going a bit too far there.
The relics, not the people.
Think both of them get erased by punching SHEM HA so hard it disintegrates them in the process.
All I want is HIBIMIKU vs SHEM HA.
Let the power of love, a force from above cling my soul.
There you go enjoy.

Cool I think there is SHEMIKU art. Hold on.
22 hours to go.
I need to feed on pain to satisfy my own.
I need to feed.
Also if I don't see Biki crying in a preview image, I am not gonna be invested.
I steal everyone's thunder.
Read My SUNSHINE or guilty sister.
There has been no hint of time travel so no. No time travel. Endgame has made time travel unusable for the next decade.
Now that is more interesting.
That was just her true motivation, she was basically lieing to herself.
I thought her goal would be to understand everything.
Also she is a scientist
I was thinking more of the master from the end of time.
I thought it would have been neat if she wanted everyone to be her, litterally.
I would add some complexity.
Pretty much everyone.
What motivation?
True, I would have a prequel movie.
Also they are smart but also so stupid.
Ummmmmm do you think they will have the time.
Or we going by my logic now.
This is XV, shouldn't this be in <#377148557796442134>.
<@99695384296701952> Ok.
I have some of her tears.
Who wants Hibiki tears?
I like it.
All of tsubasa's faces.
XV's ending was always gonna be rushed.
So then she can fire hibiki back to earth.
Yeah, your right also we need a catylst for Chris amalgum.
I want it in the show.
One job.
You had one fucking job Kaneko.
No HIBIMIKU duet.
True, the ending is gonna be rushed.
Huh.....I didn't want it but it's seems we are going to get a vanessa vs hibiki and Chris
What a waste.
Eventually she bsically forgets why she is even doing it. She basically becomes a force of nature.
We shall see but we do need a big monster to fight.
But a sequel or spinoff series might.
I doubt that.
I know some of you would.
Anybody agree?
Yeah I wouldn't kill him, I don't want to go down to that scums level. I NEVER WOULD.
Me with fudou:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XuNuPT4PJfI
Skip to 2:38.
Also I don't think hibiki can convince a sociopath.
Dont kill the evil language alien scientist god until we have gotten her out of everyone.
Except to male members of song.
Confirmed. Ha ha.
Hibiki is a sexist.
All males apart from the main ones are idiots.
Befriend all the villains unless they are male.
Actually this show has something against male villains.
Females= "reformation"
Males= death.
Yet again that's what happen when you only have 13 episode.
Reforming SHEM HA IS gonna feel rushed.
Because hibiki is a miracle maker.
How are you gonna convince a god to destroy the thing she created......oh.
Because it's symphogear.
Still think SHEM HA still gonna turn into a giant monster.
It needs refilling.
The purple represents how she has cried for miku.

Drinking her tears.
I'm almost empty.
Me drinking her tears.
Evil laugh ( There are people in the next room, so I have to suppress myself".
Cause I am and they are delicious.
Anyway who is ready to drink hibiki's tears.
And we don't talk about that all america  asshole.
That's Michael Bay levels .
That's just too crazy man.
Yeah I don't see that happening.
Vanessa either fight them or she is dying to something else.
Carol vs Shem HA, oh this is gonna be cool.
then they are just taunting us.
To quote Captain Alex, "Expect the unexpected"
what if their arent any preview images as they could spoil the whole episode.
it seems  it is 12:00 then.
For central time.
I would predict 11:30 to 12:00.
I got notifications on the official symphogear youtube channel. So when they appear, then we will get the preview pics.
Which is good.
And the longer It takes, the less I care.
I don't know.
Also:
After episode 13.
Maria: also we don't have symphogears anymore as they were....
Hibiki: But then what are we in?
Ohhhhhhhhhh but last time an event happened, it didnt happen in the anime, so maybeeeeee XDU isn't a good source after all.
See you all in half an hour.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wnPyFb5dQF0
Oh yeah forgot about symphocast.
The promos have become predictable at this point.
Also you have got to have the crazy shaking one with an evil face.
I expect ones with Vanessa, Chris, SHEM HA, SONG, Hibiki.....maybe Maria.
So I am ready to do this, unless it's something I don't expect.
Yep took 4 weeks but I'm finally fine, because I know how this is gonna end and now I just feel disappointed.
So: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WP4zCZP918A
Nope, like I said, I've desensitized myself .
It's fine but sometimes I don't know if your reactions are serious or being sarcastic.
Then most people post it on here.
But I don't read them, all of you do.
This time, I'm not going to die out of fear unless the keywords do that to me, again.
See you then. Time for bed.
Previews in 11 hours.
Can't wait for tommorow.
Ha.
My SUNSHINE
Time to steal the thunder.
Also to be honest, I don't know what I'm doing anymore.
Cause I know she is gonna cry on Saturday so instead of feeling sad, I'm going "villain" mode and enjoying the suffering.
not could, it will.
good.
episode 13 gonna be the gayest
not the false one, the one that created the universe
god bless you all.
Cypher what did you mean
Good.
Then you see sad Elsa.
The monster has to be the size of the planet this time
maybe the whole planet
SHEM HA combines with the yggdrasil
I mean that could happen, but i expect SHEM HA or at least shem ha to turn something into a giant monster
HA
SEASON 5?:
Then what are they going to fight in episode 13
season 4 : ADAM's TRUE FORM
Season 3: CAROL'S LION
SEASON 2: nephalim
SEASON 1: tower noise
Got to have the giant monster to fight.
Cypher the only way you can end this is by getting rid of thing that make up the franchise. Now i know there are other relics, but in order for them to have normal lives especially Hibiki, then they are going to have to get rid of them permenantly.
correct
but all end with no gear
Their are multiple ways this could end.
Ha
SHEM HA dies sacrificing her soul for miku's
At this point i think we can all agree miku dies then comes back.
ok.
You could take that as a metaphor krika, but then it could mean that they kill miku then they resurrect her through the power of bull....i mean singing.
How to end a franchise. by getting rid of thing that makes up the franchise  Cypher i think you are right. I always agreed with you.
KANEKO OWES US A HIBIMIKU DUET.
But tonight here is afternoon
See you tomorrow
we all die from the vaccum
Probably not
they all become shooting stars
Shooting stars
ending scene is basically...shooting stars
Then a montage in the Credits
HA ha
Then they say at LIVE. Pranked ya, we making a new series with new characters
This might end well or end like shit
carol approves
good girl elfnein, youre helping
headpat
sorry caps was on
I WILL TOO IF HIBIMIKU DUET HAPPENS
WASTE 5 YEARS OF MY LIFE, WILL YOU
agree solo, or we are going to have a little vist to kaneko
thats what i wanted
OH FUCK YEAH
i could
then you wont be dissapointed like me and Voyeur.
good for you
Hibiki sees ghost kanede and doesnt die
actually that could happen
Now that is what i would call a true villain
SHEM HA kills Biki then lets miku take over to see her "best friend" die.
Kill BIKI, she might
The only way to do that is to kill Biki
Also true.
That could be true but in all seriousness.
I think i know why SHEM HA keeping Miku and i think you know too.
SHEM HA is even worse than i thought
Unless oh of course....
question: Does anyone expect Shem Ha's apperence to change by the end of next episode.
4kids is stupid
really
WHAT? That's a weird comparison.
Oh dear, not fast enough, it seems.
in general
4kids was cringe inducing
heh heh
i wouldn't have a problem with that.
the ending scene on episode 12 will be hibiki and shem ha staring at each other
computer is more complicated
I prefer phone
Maybe the red wires are suppose to restrain rather than hurt
Maybe then it is SONG in a flying submarine
i am 1000% percent sure that is carol
Miso in the actual series. zessouhani doesnt count in this scenario
i wasnt going to go to america anyway, even though it is doing better with its shitty politician than us
its moving around
which is where i live
No, you got it from Britain
USA  in oklahoma
ughh now the Carnegie Museum of Natural History have it now. ughhhhh.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diplodocus
NO, A fossil
That's our diplodocus.
No, i got angry at them because they had DIPPY and thats ours.
I can't set foot in denmark.
Me too, also my parents dont know my love for this show and would like to keep it that way.
DLH i don't know
It has been quite a ride
DLH yes, i think we did
JOPPY if that happens, then i will play the power of love by frankie goes to hollywood
Getting beamed meant she didn't have it
anyway
Well, it seems hibiki doesnt want to do this anymore
Do you agree JOPPY?
I expect gungnir to be destroyed completly this time.
It is my esctasy
Me too
makes new prostetic arm which is the only part of the relic left.
You seem quite nice
I like you JOPPY
Arm gets cut off
Actually you do need that kanede scene.
DONT GIVE UP LIVING
because of that.
why was that there?
yeah
oh the world dio
Dino dio one of the best parts
on second thoughts, there might be something thats replaces symphogear.
Steel ball run.
It is one of least favourite parts but then we get onto my favourite one.
Also jojo is continuing. ever heard of stone ocean.
Ha HA we shall see with part 9
Fingers crossed.
I think i don't move on from shows when they don't have satisfying conclusions.
yeah, it is.
Young Justice is a different case.
Armados you're right, as long as the ending is satisfying then i should move on.
I think there might be.
Oh dear. Forget what i said.
Symphogear is one of my Core memories, now so that might be a problem.
Not for me.
Also symphogear was my introduction to anime as a whole. So Noooooooooo........nothing is gonna replace it.
OH SHIT you're right
But i don't think they even made me feel the way that symphogear XV did for 4 weeks.
The only other two anime that i loved to death is FULLMETAL and JOJO
Symphogear was different from other anime.
i was 13 when i first watched it so don't tell me that something will come and replace it, cause there wont be.
You know the problem with me knowing this show for 5 years is there is nothing thats gonna replace it.
I joined when G ended
i will literally fall apart.
in peace
then i can die
on second thoughts i still have CRISIS.
my body has been held together by this show.
Then i can die in peace
A 5 year ride for me.
Why? because i was thinking of POTC, that's why
well i was gonna leave them on a desert island if that were the case.
What if NR survive?
i want that to happen, but if it was 40 mins then i would agree with you.
yeah
i wasnt talking about it, just explaining my distaste for our country selling out on our fossil
Hibiki dies then she gets better.
oh no, did i offend you, im not good with emojii and symbols
yeah lets go back to how JOPPY might be right.
also he had to write weekly
Araki writing style is too write what he thinks at the time like me
also the arrow stabbed him
Stand arrows have been mysterious
and then there was an light novel based on what happend to him
You do realised he became a ghost
KILLER QUEEN
i already knew that.
Which means we might have to say goodbye to it yet.
Probably
like HEROES
Anime XDU.
oh yeah XDU
seen the finale of mlp, and i am satisfied with that.
Also im a brony.
anybody agree?
Episode 3 of XV was the worst episode out of the all of XV.
Hibiki is the MAIN character.
Hibiki and miku combo with the rest helping i guess.
I think S2 is only one that requires all of them
All of them together, with Z drive or whatever and all of their gears are destroyed.
NR dont die, they stay on the moon for the rest of time.
i still think kanadream might happen. everything comes full circle.
Why can't tommorow come any faster.
Although I don't think hibiki wears the pants in the house.
Ha.
Oh boy, we should have seen all this coming from the first teaser.
Apple or BET.
Even SHEM HA doesn't want them.
That episode is hilarious.
Im referencing the boondocks.
That corporation is so evil that the CEO is a supervillainess.
No I was thinking more of BET television.
I think there is one place where YGGISSILL wouldn't work on earth.
Unless you want spoilers.
We hope to see you then.
That's fine.
I lost it once during AXZ in Scotland. Worst day of my holiday.
I sympathise with you.
From the MOOOOON.
Earth turns red, time to piss on it.
Also hibiki isn't the main protagonist.
Tie up loose ends in the movie.
Or this might be a good movie idea.
Might be cool, they were waiting for the right time.
Because they see humanity as a failure and now that SHEM HA IS down also that enki is dead means they can destroy earth and start again.
Yggisill is the big threat or custodians wishing to destroy earth.
Because I thought it wasted my time.
Not really GX is my least favourite season and it almost put me off watching symphogear for good.
Maybe because hibiki dies her soul goes into the vambrace and helps free miku.
We a cliffhanger in order to buckle up for the last bumpy ride.
Also that would be a good CLIFFHANGER for episode 12.
For like 2 minutes tops.
Because that's how it works in symphogear.
Then she gets better.
Who thinks hibiki will temporarally die.
So yeah SHEM HA might destroy the gears in episode 12 and "kills" Hibiki so then SHEM HA can fully take over.
Rendering this whole season to be a  complete and utter waste of our time....Good.
Because hibiki went back in time to destroy the coffin before it could be opened.
Unless they pull time travel out of their asses and say none of XV happened.
And that is not what I want.
I doubt that. Although that would be fun , it would involve a lot of convaluted time travel.
Solo, what do you think will happen in episode 12.
Like the video above.
Hopefully with a hellfire tinge to show where she is going.
So just stab her and then she turns to ash.
That might happen actually.
Just watch it to understand.
True, just let artiglam break the vambrace and let turn to ash like Ra's did in gotham.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=W-NAp9cTTk0
I wouldn't mind SHEM HA being ejected into space.
Bang.
Im too nice.
I couldn't do it.
I will kill the man next to me.
I will commit crime for it and I mean it.
You have to top season 1 or it's a whimper.
Otherwise for me it would have been a confusing and meandering plot that ends on a whimper.
Gonna draw drunk SHEM HA now.
I don't know why but I was thinking after she won, she would celebrate for a while then she would get drunk and lie on the floor.
SHEM HA after she wins: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=N6kLUUyV-Ww&t=94s
I just don't want it to end on a whimper.
We don't know anything.
That image is from Doom patrol.
Me if it ends like that:
And buy their CDs.
It might happen though, just to keep us a little while longer.
What if it ends on a CLIFFHANGER and says you want to find out how it ends, watch the movie which will come out in summer 2020 and kaneko was just trolling us the whole time.
By the way I think TUSK would be able to be SHEM HA.
My reaction if that happens.
Ohhhhhhhhh.
I don't know what would you call it.
AX Drive.
AZ DRIVE.
Z Drive.
I would something to be summoned through them singing just not X-DRIVE as these days, it's just not the same as it used to be.
Yes I would love to have a HIBIMIKU duet. We've only had one in Zesshouani. That is crime on its own.
Indeed it's only today.
If you don't get it Kerrik, I understand.
It's say in the song. " Do you remember the 21st night of september".
And episode 12 is tonight at 6:00 So I think I'm gonna remember this 21st night of September.
It's the 21st of September here.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk
Well if you don't, it's the 21st of September so that means.......
Also do any of you know what day it is?
STOP LOOKING AT ME LIKE THAT MIKU.
That picture above is haunting.
In fact, they all have.
She's already been through enough.
I need to anyway.
Ok nobody's talking which is killing my high so I'm out. I'm going to bed.
So what's on your mind.
Back to our regular shit.
End of discussion.
But I have hope that if we live long enough we will see the cycle And break it. So hibiki isn't wrong, she was just ahead of her time.
40'000 years we been on this earth and we are Still killing each other, and we didnt stop a e just got better at doing it.
Can't change human nature is a better way of saying it.
Yes I am the nilistic one or maybe I just understand nature, and you can't change that.
Out of fear and greed.
Even if the curse did cause humans to no  longer understand each other, it didnt make them violent, they chose to kill each other.
Humans most likely killed each other for survival before the curse.
So no, I don't think there will be world peace. Even if there an understanding, humans will be humans.
And there is too many of us.
Humans are animals that talk.
Real peace is when people stop fighting, and that's never gonna stop. Curse or no curse.
I think you mistake peace with quiet.
It just because that's the only way you can stop hibiki from fighting.
Because I know that gungnir is getting destroyed by the end of XV.
Maybe an adaptation of 3.5
Then It would have to be a prequel movie.
Actually even in a sequel series, I would give the original cast special appearances in order to show that they happen in the same universe.
Explore this universe that you have opened.
Actually fighting eldritch horrors would be awesome.
Or some other group.
Let it be someone else so then you can make a sequel series out of it.
Ha ha villain wins so then they get smacked next ep.
Ahhhhhhh.
Oh no spoiler images.
Okay.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oUXojfMJ9TQ
And then it begins.
One hour to go.
Won't see it for another 2 hours.
Why?
The game is nearly over.
Can you hear it?
Doomsday is coming.
TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nZFFjn9nOwU
The clock Is ticking.
Yeah I'm gonna play this when that episode come out cause HOLY SHIT, is that the good stuff.
OH FUCK YEAH.
I having an adrenaline rush, just from listening to this now: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kBYHwH1Vb-c
Last time I did was AXZ Episode 13, and I couldn't sleep for a week cause I had a fangasm.
To me, the most important part isn't the visuals but the sound as I fucking love music.
I play violin.
Yep.
If I did, i would die.
Also I don't play the audio whilst watching the episode.
I just want an excuse to play the chain whilst the last battle is on.
Mine seems a bit more different. No more fists. I've been FISTED enough.
Hibiki uses her the memories of her friends, the song of her heart and the words that KANADE gave and she becomes the true god of the earth.
ESPECIALLY THE HIBIMIKU ONE
NEVER BREAK THE CHAIN.
I want an episode 13 scene of XV to be similar to this: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ce2a0wWtnJA
Not all of it, I just want similar elements.
Ok.
With that infinate spin, it would be able to stop her from healing.
Also XDU.
In case there is more to come.
No.
I salute you all.
And so, we come to the climax.
Ladies and gentlemen, it was an honor talking about these episodes with you.
G's ending.
Big monster appears second half as always.
Yeah but how will it happen and how quickly.
Or at least make one.
SHEM HA's gonna turn into a big monster isn't she.
I know.
But it will happen.....again.
I mean it might take a while.
Coming together then going back to tearing each other apart.....It's nature.
Also B song being the last song......Okay.
Ok.
KEYWORDS= BULLSHIT.
Didn't they.
Oh wait they appeared in XDU
Also ogawa has brothers......Nani
Also they are gonna have one last appearance.
Their deaths were pretty good though, they died as humans rather than monsters.
But I think they dragged on to long.
They were at first.
Just not anywhere else.
Because this is the place for it.
Okay.
Saint Germain came back.
I think they will as ghosts or some bullshit.
Just....Too long.
Even though they are sympathetic, they just stayed too long.
I just don't care for those characters.
At least there gone.....finally.
Also I agree with you with noble red.
The right amount of people.
This is......just right.
Yeah but it's a bit overcrowded.
Thank you so much for making me not feel alone.
But I think I'll stay, I like you all because I use to think I was alone in watching this show for so many years and then.... to find people like you who love this show as much as me, well.....I'm Definately not letting that go.
Thank you.
As for me, this show will always hold me back afterwards .
No matter how good it is, I have to let it go.
Well a good captain goes down with his ship.
Oh you meant that.
I'm doing the chant from the best dragon ball movie.
Go Hibiki Go Hibiki Go Hibiki Go Hibiki.
Dragon ball references next episode
True.
The Apple a day kept him away this time.
No more Dr VER. HA.
At least we won't get the last action hero.
Like davy jones heart.
Okay.
Just hibiki and miku then.
What do you think Melua?
Not how I would have envisioned it but I got mikugear anyway so don't have your cake and eat it, Dino.
SHEM HA that is.
Call back and you kill her.
Hibiki sing her B Song which in turn allows miku to fight back, then SHEM HA fires a homing beam then all of the girls pin down SHEM HA and then they all get hit.
And that's is how you do a No-relic ending.
Guys want to hear how I think the battle will end.
Ha.
Well at least the final boss.
No guys....I think I know how it ends.
Not naganadel.
No she turned into smol bat.
Might be a mini series.
Prequel spinoff, I like that.
Fighting game it is.
Ok i know how this ends.
Ahhhhhhhhhh.
Fighting game or movie.
SHEM HA combines with YGGISSILL.
Wouldn't you agree MELUA.
Also if we get an XDU anime, It doesn't matter anyway.
So yeah, I'm fine with it.
You did something the show couldnt do and for that I thank you.
Thanks solo.
Yep that's better than nothing. And at least I have MY SUNSHINE.
Maybe that's why I was disappointed with GX.
Better than nothing....like I say.
Yep that will happen.
Or though.......she could fight SHEM HA in her mind.
But I'm a miku fanboy, I bet too much and I come out with only 1 thing. At least it was something.
True.
Such is with all love interests.
Yes.
Who agrees?
Miku is damsel.....she always has been, I've just been denying it.
I wish miku helped with hibiki to beat SHEM HA but we can't have everything.
Then ygsisill gets fucked like the big monster in wrath of the dragon.
SWAN FIST.
But with a swan.
But music like dragon ball broly in a environment like it. PERFECTION.
True.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pfCYPVxWEMI
OH MY GOD, THAT WOULD BE AWESOME.
All I wanted was another HIBIMIKU duet but I think that is now impossible.
This is the same.
Hacking was terrible on arrow.
These days...anything can be solved with fucking hacking.
Still believe your theory Nein Dess until the previews come out.....Or will they.
That is 4 tens.
I mean it's not the first time she has done it.
No she commits MURDER.
I will do crime for HIBIMIKU finisher.
Ha.
This is a chess game.
That's not a choice.
And so comes the last move on our chessboard, let us finish this little game of ours. Shall we.
Let's see who wins justice or vengeance.
Then at the end of the episode, it turns out the true villain was an evil version of me the whole time. Muh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
I'm still calling it that.
So it is AX Drive.
Fuck...they had one job.....one job.
I don't know.
Good, good, kill her.
Sitting in his chair.
Zino is like the emperor.
Nein Dess I'm going with your prediction. I'm putting my bets on the table.
Enki and fine must have gotten down and dirty.
That I would love to watch.
They probably never had any good material to work with.
Adult kirika.
Everything is resolved in episode epilogue.
Actually I think it is time for me to go to bed.
It's payment for not having a backstory.
I wonder whyyyyyyyyy.
Moore's best work since watchmen.
Read it, it is amazing.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swamp_Thing
Swamp thing by Alan Moore is a good example.
Swamp thing is better than matrix.
For better existential horror, read alan moore's swamp thing.
And also that's  the form we perceive them to be.
It's existencially horror.
What do you mean lovecraft ruined horror.
Don't worry it was a three way.
Never.
You know....Gotham. it's a tv show.
It's a great show.
Oh so you have watched it then.
Still like SHEM HA to die like Ra's did in Gotham.
Even if we do get a sequel series, I will never live up to this series.
It's best to start now so then I have accepted it.
The last five years have been great guys.
So just punch me cause it will never be enough to stop me laughing.
I'm just going full joker.
I know, and yet they still lose.
Don't you just love a happy ending. Heh heh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
Skip to 3:45.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kgW7pBKcU4k
Got that quote from this scene.
They manage to find a way to win, and everybody still loses. Ha Ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
I always think there pros and cons to everything.
What does it mean for the universe.
SHEM HA isn't the worst thing on this planet to be released. 
Now humans have been released.
Looking at humans, now they will just destroy other planets.
Even the good ones.
Actions have consequences.
But for how long
The future looks bright for this timeline.
That pretty much sums up how this show is ending.
Ood Sigma- End of Time part 2, 2010

The bittersweet part is that it is over.
The good ending is just inevitable.
The good ending.

We know that they will win.
Now as well as hibiki is gonna.
I'm not ready to say goodbye to this show.
Run home for a long time.
You can run home for a long time.
Well when you have 20 minutes it's kind of promblem to give a more detailed explanation when they are on episode 12.
Now someone got to do a miku one since I know that will never happen in the series.
Oh yeah.
Quite an evolution isn't it?
Says SHEM HA
Yep, she's all grown up.
Just to show, she ain't coming back this time and that she going to the place she deserves.
I just want the hellfire ash part.
Also Bruce is his weakness, so if someone else stabs with the dagger, it won't work
He also had mystical powers.
Nothing could kill him and he had lived for 2000 years.
No Ra's weakness in the series was a Kurdish dagger.
Oh, I can
Me too, also skip to 3:24 to understand what I mean.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=W-NAp9cTTk0
It will most likely crumble.
I want SHEM HA to turn into ego.
Sooner or later God's gonna cut you down.
Sooner or later god's gonna cut you down.
Run home for a long time.
Yes.
Is it TIME TO PLAY THE CHAIN.
I feel like SHEM HA gonna become like EGO
Anything can now be solved with just hacking.
EPISODE 13 is gonna be the best episode.
FUCK YEAH , FRANKIE GOES TO HOLLYWOOD CREATED THE PERFECT SONG FOR THIS SCENARIO.
If anything super gay Is used on the villian, I'm putting this on.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zNpeK7sDLzE
The power of love.
Their duet is what purified the earth with their love.
Just let me live in my fantasy where a new HIBIMIKU duet is possible.
That's all you need to know. I know you will critique the theroy and then I'm gonna feel down.
I'm going with nein Dess theroy on how the episode goes.
We shall see.
Bullshit.
Nah, I think they would purify the earth.
Well she always wanted to be god of this earth.
SHEM HA the living planet.
Yes, heh HA Ha.
SHEM HA becomes the actual planet.
I'm gonna leave the conversation.
Episode 13 is gonna be like episode 10 of G but with everyone here and also it being more impressive as Well as big monster.
Ok.
Yep figured out how it ends.
I bet all of you that the last thing we see in episode 13 is shooting stars.
Still a dead beat but at least he isn't running away.
Oh course they might do a epilogue similar to kill la kill.
Actually it might be 25 minutes seeing as the ending is gonna be different.
I wish the last episode was 40 minutes.
Vanessa vs Chris was quite quick actually.
So weird yet so great
Still ended badly.
You forgot one.
I don't think we can call her a child anymore.
But hey, if I at least die, my ending will be definitive to me.
Anything could happen in a week
Yeah, I'm just worried I'm gonna die this week then I won't see how it ends.
This has been the best season so far.
I've cut the episode into 3 thirds.
I don't know.
Then the fisting begins.
I think it will be Ygisisill.
I'm thinking that there will be two songs in Ep 13.
Everything comes full circle.
They were inevitable.
Season 1 callbacks.
Maybe?
Don't ruin my illusion yet.
I still have fingers crossed on HIBIMIKU duet.
I was just worried people would go and say " that's not her character"
That's what I wanted.
Me too.
I was think whenever miku gets angry In the future, her eyes change.
Also cool idea, don't get rid of that.
I think that might happen.
I agree with Melua.
Be so much easier.
I wish that was though.
Like doctor strange.
She fist her so hard that SHEM HA gets ejected out.
BDH or me.
Who is the yeah for?
Who thinks miku's body is going to change now.
Actually I could impliment that.
Oh yeah.
With serious drama moments.
It's a comedy series.

Like OOD SIGMA said.
Yeah let them one of them be special guests. But apart from that, there stories done.
Also Never.
Let it die 
Let it die
Let it die
Let it shrivel up and die.
Let's go all DOOOOOOOM
Cool, time to go into space and fight demons from other dimensions.
Tell that to the greedy corporations.
Because if live announces a sixth season, I will go " WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS".
And I want it to
It really does feel like it's the end of an era doesn't it.
Especially in GX.
Her transformation involves her being bonded by strings.
Girl's always been horny.
Now it is perfect.
Oh I was getting that.
I think I shit my pants when I saw that.
But the duets in this series are basically shipping pairs.
Gooooooood friends.
They are good friends.
They should have.
Also why was there no Hibichris duet.
Cause I am.
Not yet AKeupho, we will have to wait and see.
<@476058996315389953> is that right.
Correct.
Wait a minute, there was no.....Hibichris duet.
I think he is trolling us.
Oh no.
That just a slap in the face.
Yeah that what i was thinking.
I just don't like.
I have one thing I dislike.....that other people like and it is Hibichris.
For the love of god.
Please.....no.
No Charles stop.
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Why do you think I mute the episodes.
Oh no yuki,Don't make me feel.
No we don't.
Ha well we do need a naruto reference.
Both of them lose arm and get robotic replacements.
Might lose arm still.
No.
Actually on second thought, I think XDU might do it.....eventually.
That would be cool.
Mirror shield.
I wonder what miku amalgum would have looked like.
Oh....Okay that is cool.
But this is fine.
I wanted a big gun.
Chris has transformed three times.
I'm going to be sick.
Uhhhhhhh.
Stay dead.
Then I break his neck and throw him back in the grave.
Not trashy doctor, he was a false hero.
That would be fucking lit.
Whilst hibiki sings kame daki ni.
No fuse them together in mind.
Original carol.
Saves elfnine's memories by destroying hers.
Carol is gonna die in the first half.
But carol is gonna die.
Oh okay.
Elfnine.
8 stars.
I thought there were 8.
Ah.
Relic disease.
Makes ir more earned.
Actually that does sound better.
I really do, don't I.
Okay, I think I have made a mistake.
I was thinking on her mum's side
I don't know why.
Yeah, but that would have been cool.
Yep she is a demigod.
Hibiki is a demigod isn't she.
I meant watching the episode with the sound on.
And I would be a fool not to listen to it.
Kame Diki Ni is one of my favourites.
But I will be listening to EP 13.
Especially with symphogear
The music is FUCKING AMAZING.
Not so sure anymore.
I think I feel in love with Miku.
Also hearing miku in pain....that's torture.
All that emotion the voice actresses put in would break me.
Images aren't the important thing to me, sound is.
I know, I will listen to it with images once all the episodes have been released.
XV is the exception.
And I couldn't sleep.
Listen the last time I listen with images was AXZ ep 13
On its own.
I listen to the music differenly.
Because if the last 4 weeks have been proof of anything. Imagine the episodes with sound. I would have died.
Yep I mute them.
I don't think it would.
Even I would have difficulty fighting her.
Hibiki knows how to fight like really well.
That all i can think, in the third third
Just one scene.
But doesn't everything.
Oh that's even more satisfying.
Lawful pyscho.
Seinfeld theme plays.
But just one scene, saying I guess songs can save the world.
That would be Karma.
Being proved wrong. Woahhhhhhhh.
Kono Fudou da.
Ha.
Just guess
Because if you know who my favourite character, you will understand my hatred for him.
You forget, who my favourite character is right?
By accident.
No we don't and thank god, cause if I heard any more of his bullshit, he might have died in that cell.
No I except her to turn into hellfire ash.
Ah yes chataeu, that's how carol dies.
Make a new one.
Like calamity ganon.
She will always come back.
He's done.
No
Being shot would have been better.
Nah.
From the prison.
She just walks away from him.
but yeah, i bet Elfnein will be a smug as carol is.
Shem Ha dust better look like embers.
i just want her to turn to dust with her vambrace clanging on the floor, before its colours fade out.
and i would be fine with that.
that might happen
I'm tired and i got studies in the morning so im going to bed.
I blew her up.
You want to know a secret?
The end....i guess.
Then she just flies and explodes.
Ha, she will go, "Fuck it, i'm done......i'm just done, with all of this, enjoy your happy ending.....whatever".
I eat DC and Marvel stuff like a cow
Yes it is.
They are not alive, therefore we have an excuse
And according to DC logic, that means they are not alive.
I don't think, they actually think.
Now she is the one of the most mature characters in XV
Maria is a terrible character in G
Millarc ( 2019-2019) People hated her now we are fine with her.
indeed she was.
with the sword
the tomato has other business by that time.
Also I don't want to be disappointed.
I don't feel like watching the final episode as once I do, that's it.
Oh.....Yeah, that's the good stuff.
Ughhhhhhh.
Just concentrate that music and put it in my veins.
Still Gonna go with Joppy prediction cause if it does happen, it will be hilarious. Ha ha.
Okay then.
Ohhhhh.
They wouldn't have put it on the CD if it didnt have some significance.
No I think it is IF THE WORLD HAD A SONG.
The attack I mean.
Still need an ultimate song with it being called METANOIA.
Okay.
Hoping for HIBIMIKU duet still in Ep 13.
Time to Piss off "GOD".
I still expect SHEM HA to reconstruct her body like Ego.
Let there be white lillies.
Even if it doesn't happen, I will always be a HIBIMIKU fan for life.
I said stop.
Tree hugger, stop putting salt in the wound.
I can't disagree with you.
Aghhhhhhh.
If I don't get HIBIMIKU moments in the last episode. Then what was the point of putting them on the poster.
Ok.
Even if that is the case, if they announce a movie, spinoff or sequel series there, then it is not the end.
Unless LIVE does something that reinvigorates us.
Although I will it hilarious if NOPPY prediction is correct.
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
Me too.
Hangover.
Oh.......something doesn't feel right now.
Okay
Uhhhhhhhh
A okay game....But a game, none the less.
It's a song for a game.
That's she also loves miku........as a friend.
Well then this is hibiki's confession.
It would be weird if it were that way.
Melua is correct
Even for symphogear.
No, me neither, that's too cheesy.
No it has to be the song.
Because I prefer to do that.
She just needs the motivation.
Okay.
Melua, I stand by your prediction for EP 13.
Hello
And not be a psychopathic nationalist at the same time.
I know time works differently.
It's 15:34 here.
Well done, you get a cookie.
The most delicous tomato is Maria. But only one person can eat her.
I think.
I'm Bi
Me too and I'm a guy.
Then I could play Ai ei Ai ei Ai.
Enki.
I wish the custodians were buff rather than giraffe man.
It's a shame we never saw SHEM HA'S transformation again.
Agreed.
This discussion is becoming quite convoluted.
We will have.......To wait and see.
Yeah, unless it was an XDU anime.
Hibiki is always holding back.
Parlay.
No wait thay would be ragiti and pateal.
Dess.
Miku is elizabeth swann
And anyway hibiki would the captain.
And is shut out from everyone
If SHEM HA gets her own body.
I wasn't thinking that.
Do you remember when davy jones heart was stabbed.
Ragtag group of people who try to kill each other become a family.
This sounds.....familiar.
Palms can snap those.
Fists don't have edge.
I do expect some spinoff or sequel series to come out of it.
A mix that shouldn't work but does anyway.
It's a weird mix of genres.
Did they end star wars at episode 6.
Yeah, but this is capitalism were talking about.
Why?
Oh
Or a trilogy.
I want a movie in SPACE.
No really, let's just hope it's the perfect ending.
Hopefully episode 13 gets a 5 or a 4.99.
You know like nationalities except instead of countries, they are planets.
I also fought of Annukai races like asgardians and Olympians.
You've got so much material that the seasons haven't even scratched the surface with.
Then.
Film series.
Either make this space adventure a 2 part season as well.
Like planets where there are custodians colonists such as asgard and Olympus.
All's these ideas.
We should make this space adventure.
Enki also has a brother called Enlil as well as other siblings.
Basically Enki's dad.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anu
We would have gotten rid of that...... degenerate and we would be able to start again on humanity and "perfect" them.
" If my son didn't fall in love with a human, we would have killed two birds with one stone".
Anu is Enki's father, which might lead to some drama between him and humans.
The custodian leader would be Anu.
I would prefer he wasn't.
The custodians that is.
Alien abduction, they're after Hibiki so then they can take her back to their planet.
Yeah that was the most obvious one.
You've got
Sloth
Envy
Wrath
Greed 
Glutony
Pride
Lust.
The question is which girl would fight which individual demon.
What do you think?
Seven deadly sins.
Super robot vs super demon.
On second thoughts.....how about seven demons that combine themselves into a massive demon that represents the ultimate sin.
Final boss is a demon from another dimension that the custodians sealed away back when they were a more primative race.
Also someone gets stuck on the planet right before the explosive stage.
It's a natural cycle.
What about a planet that explodes, then in its forms itself again then explodes again
That would be an amazing idea.
Heh
It truly is the beginning of the end or the end of the end.
I think I found the perfect song that suits this week: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=enZskcXkOO4
Cause I'm evil.
Ha ha ha ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
So then I can drink hibiki's tears.
I feel like SHEM HA physical apperence is going to appear.
Ariathan is right.
She really is an asshole
Ygissill has all the information on SHEM HA body right.
No they didn't show it.
We don't know
Is it weird that I make comparison to EGO and SHEM HA.
That is ego reconstructing a new body.
This is for my post above.

See all the bones and muscles regenerating and forming a new body.
SHEM HA better reconstruct herself like Ego
More tension.
Also hibiki would have a harder time fighting her.
So you're saying that it is a stupid idea.
That could have been cool.
So then she thinks she's a goddess.
Yet again, she could have become corrupted by the power or instead of it being actually SHEM HA, it could have been her memories.
Why?
Question: would it have been cooler is Miku had actually turned evil instead of being possessed by an evil god.
Anyway, if I don't get HIBIMIKU moments in this episode: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rAxEQx4Z-Qk
We will just have to see at LIVE 2020.
Main ones maybe would have non voiced cameos.
Some old cast may return but not the main ones.
They would most likely be set it 20 years in the future with new cast.
If the higher ups want to make more, they will make more.
I know but George Lucas didn't make 7,8 or 9.
I wont involve kaneko.
Yeah both her and hibiki will do that again.
It involves the vambrace hovering in the air and making a new body.
I don't think you would like it.
How?
I still think that SHEM HA does physically appear like flesh to flesh.
Luckily for you, I'm leaving a week after the next episode.
Let's just go back to talking about symphogear.
No, I don't want to talk about it anymore.
I gave up a long time ago.
But I never learn.
Been trying to do that for the last 18 years of my life.
Especially when I have been wrong
I regret that now.
I just have a stupid imagination that gets out of hand
There never gonna happen....I KNOW THAT.
Ok.
Oh.
She has more comparison with Juno though.
I know that, it just that I make comparisons.
Did I?
Heh heh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
I did last night.
I say what's in my head at the time.
I'm an ideas guy.
I was thinking more of space adventure.
Not me.
We are going to be disappointed aren't we.
Cause I'm confused.
Are we talking about the real show or the fanon now?
Miku kisses hibiki.
Her tears have a nice taste to them.
We just wanted that. Also I just needed my water bottle to be refilled.
Ugh no.
I didn't say that.
Also I don't like oversexulised armour.
And there female.
Full body armor.
Shouldn't have said anything now.
Oh dear.
Yep.
Armor.
I already what it is.
My fetish.......um
I don't have a fetish, I just think that would be a fitting punishment for all that she has done.
Mirror reflects light, even silver light.
SHEM HA better turn into a statue.
Yes.
I think it would be more powerful if SHEM HA rejected Hibiki's friendship through and through.
Well even if SHEM HA IS ejected, Miku would still be connected to ygissill.
The question is how do you befriend a psychopathic scientist with a god complex.
Power sharing as well.
Handholding must be required.
SSJ+ Godkiller = permanent death for SHEM HA
Wait SSJ purify's all of humanity of SHEM HA DNA.
Nothing but a waste of time.
Nothing
No.....don't go.
My problems.
No that wouldn't be the case.
I mean SHEM HA.
But yet again that wouldn't kill her.
Can't say I would like that but XV has been doing repeats but better.
Also it's not the first time Miku's body has been in bondage.
I forgot about that fetish.
I'm not arguing
And yet bondage isn't.
It's too lewd for them.
No kissing......ahhhhhhhhh.
They will keep baiting us until the end of time.
But will my mouth will be dry as there will be no thirst.
Just run.
Just give me the gay shit kaneko, I've been waiting for four years and I'm getting tried 
So if it doesn't happen https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rAxEQx4Z-Qk
Both get stuck in their lips.
Hibiki and miku's.
My thirst for gay kissing will only be clenched when <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690>
Was I responsible for that one as well.
This discussion has been all over the place.
Wow.....today has been a mess.
Oh yeah.
I have.
Yeah well that's different.
Yeah, let's not talk about the fetish stuff.
Go on.....tell me.
When has that been in the show.
No it's not........I think you know what it is.
Ahhhhhhhhhh FUCCCCCCCKKKKKKK
Purple + armour + mind control =?????
Also I think I have a fetish for mind control and the colour purple.
D'artanyan.
Room for a fourth.
Apart from Voyear.
It will stop being horny once we get what we want.
Oh my god.
For the best dad.
We should have a genjuro appreciation day.
Sips for HIBIMIKU.
And so is XV's one.
<@87512939107450880> I know and it's one of my favourite transformations.
Remember G.
Oh and she also keeps the dress.
Eyes change whenever she is angry.
Okay....now I have a reason to stay.
Cut a whole table in half by accident.
Well......Time to find out.
Hibiki never gave an answer.
Cause we all know one things.
SHEM HA in miku's body or SHEM HA as a separate entity.
Puny god.
I love the idea that after XV, miku still has the power of a god. You can create some hilarious antics out of it.
Not me
Lots and lots of stockings.
Me too.
Upset as I had to go get my passport to get into a pub.
I am so upset and confused.
Mikugear.
Why are you here then.
WTF.
He's just trolling us.
Don't do this to me, I just walked through a storm and I am fucking pissed.
I feel like shenshoujing is a bit more important than destroying all the gears.
Dr VER has finally broken the boundaries of this universe and has finally come into our universe.
Which they wouldn't want to unless it's a flashback.
Sugita was there on the last day.....hghhhhhh
Of course she will, how is the question?
Okay.
Oh dear better spoiler tag my episodes.
But it's her opinion.
I don't think so
Soooo.....It's most likely there for a repeat.
Although the writing of this series isn't that deep.
There must be more to SSJ than just doing what it did before.
Why?
On second thoughts maybe not.
Trust me you will figure it out.
Then we can do whatever the hell we want with this franchise.
4 days...we have 4 days.
It really does.
It sounds like one.
No, I don't, why did I say that.
That Kami daki ni might be a ed song
And I theorized this back when episode 6 was around the corner.
Ha.
SO I WAS RIGHT.
No seriously.....It sounds like one.
I originally thought that Kami daki ni was gonna be the ending song because it sounded like one.
But solo turned me down.
I predicted that a month ago.
I don't know why it is in the CD unless it has some significance
EPISODE 13: ITS TIME TO KICK ASS AND CHEW BUBBLEGUM BUT IM ALL OUT OF GUM.
Either epilogue or at least a montage in the end credits with IF THE WORLD HAD A SONG PLAYING.
They have to that.
NANI.
That's what I was gonna say.
I actually think it is a third .
It's gonna feel rushed but I don't care.
25 mins.
Then it was pointless.
Also that's got to come back into play.
But that would require her to control it.
So instead of it controlling her, she controls it.
So basically SHEM HA reverse engineered the direct feedback system in order to hack into it.
She used it on ygsisill
But she was using it to hack into the internet.
WTF.
I just checked the reddit of symphogear and some want VER to return.
That's what it is called.
The direct feedback system.
Due to miku having that device on her back and her body being reconstructed and possessed, I wouldn't be surprised that she was able to replicate SHEM HA'S powers.
Miku getting time possible.
Another song........I don't know.
I don't know now.
Zesshouani would be a perfect place for antics like that.
I would still love for miku to have some powers. Weaken versions.
Those were from G and origins. I'm talking about XV.
Even carol.
It's weird everyone has had 2-3  transformation But miku has only happened once
Both that one and XV.
My favourite transformations.
And it's stormy in Portsmouth so.
EP 13: half of them turn to dust.
Hah HA.
Well guys we are in the endgame now.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dz_mVlhyoqk&t=26s
Symphocast has been released. Do you want the video.
With a satisfying ending.....ummmmmmm.
Read My Sunshine.
Snap.
We get our happy ending then thanos comes and fucks it up for everyone.
I think their culture is great and I wish to understand more so in turn they can understand my culture more.
I'm sorry, I didn't know that word was offensive to other people.
I've been carrying around a 50 KG  fossil on my back for the last 4 hours.
The world is complicated and I am pissed.
My mum calls them that.
Oh.
Just words.
They're words.
I don't.
British do not care.
We don't care
People generalize our country.
Ummm now that you say that, that's sounds quite offensive.
West and East.
Let just agree we are all hypocrites.
For some reason.
I was also thinking of flying.
Japan is fucking weird.
But yours was powerful too.
Yeah we will and shooting stars.
I don't care if it's a fanfic.
At least you gave us the HIBIMIKU kiss solo.
So.....I don't care if they don't do it.
It's a bullshit ending and I hope it is not how the series ends
I hate that idea but it would line up with happy but bittersweet which would mean that that person from 3 months ago who came up with the idea that hibiki and miku become gods reset the world and are presumed dead whilst everyone lives their happiest lives but don't remember their past lives or their friends.
I was talking about both miku and saint Germain.
I think what Armados is saying is that she has been less of a character and more of a fucking plot device.
The poster was a huge mislead apart from the shooting stars.
At this point, I don't fucking care Anymore. I'm burned out.
Anything could fucking happen.
And we have 1 episode left.
They do gay things and they don't realise it.
I hate that one.
Oh no not this fanfic.
They haven't.
They just imply that see did.
I Even bet you they won't show Miku confessing to Hibiki.
There go my hopes and dreams.
Oh course they do.
The only time you would see them kissing and being a couple is if the series had a Netflix westernized adaptation.
Look at batman vs superman as a movie that was too realistic.
You're going Zac synder realism.
This is turning into a flame war.
Kaiba.
And that doesn't have plot armor.
Illindus, there is a anime series called madoka.
We are all plot devices.
Yea.
Guess which are the 2.
4 of them are characters.
2 of them are comic relief.
For this season that is.
Is everybody just ignoring the fact that I called Miku a plot device.
NOPPY would beg to differ.
My favourite is her becoming a statue.
SHEM HA could go many different ways.
And they will with SHEM HA.
BREAK THE FUCKING CYCLE.
Break the cycle.
Awwwww.
Carol gonna die again.
Adam went boom boom.
Then exploded into a million pieces.
Adam got fist fucked by hibiki
Adam didnt sacrifice either.
Fucked a god.
I remember a scene with a dead animal in a cage in her house.
Fine.
Or dogs.
Also she killed cats.
Ewwwwwwww
She was fucking crazy as well.
Oh dear.
Try harder.
Flame war is not being averted.
Zac Synder thinks he was as he say to fans about batman, you're living in a fucking dream world if you think batman wouldn't kill people with guns.
Miku will be saved and then SHEM HA will become a fucking silver statue in my garden.
And I mean by order.
I think it's the other way round.
I'm not.
You're invested in a healthy way.
I'm an idiot for getting too invested in this show. If I had stopped at GX, I would have never been like this.
I'm such an idiot.
I fell in love with a fictional character.
I am.
When people said that miku was dead after episode 8, I took your word for it because I'm stupid.
That's my fault, not yours.
It's also because I didn't get people sarcasm here.
This is so......fucked up.
That was between episode 8-11.
I threw up 6 times in 3 weeks.
I cause my stomach lining to inflame
No, it was anxiety.
Plus going to university and I didn't want to screw up.
I know.
You do realise it stopped after episode 11 came out.
Yeah well thank you keywords for giving me fucking anxiety.
Miku's was bullshit.
Especially episode 10's ones.
I guess I'm just salty about them.
Who agrees, that XV'S keywords were bullshit.
Let's go back to talking about symphogear.
Oh no.
Let me live in bliss.
It did to me.
Well it failed.
Luckily I got over it thanks to this show.
And that's why MADOKA, was shit to me as it didnt give me hope, it gave me a feeling that the world wasn't worth saving.
Me too
I meant only XV.
Trueblade is right. Although I wrote the question wrong.
Because I expected her to have....I don't know more interactions with hibiki.
Yeah but has she grown.
I just don't like being hung up.
I'm not.
Tbh
Not a character.
Miku is a plot device.
Hibiki is.
Nikson is now another person I respect even though I did before.
Another question, is the XV poster ( other then the shooting stars) misleading.
At least you answered the question  <@480107127042736139>
Why run, cremecoffeecake, you're a person I respect.
You answer with.....
Like is Miku a plot device this season?
Yeah you could use it for the idiotic questions I make as sometimes as i do say some idiotic questions sometimes. Not all, some.
Also how is this not being used.
Her eyes are the wrong colour.
Also went back to episode 10, I notice this with SHEM HA.
I want to make that a meme.

Episode 8 actually brought my adrenaline levels to critical.
No I die long before that.
He died as he lived in pure ecstasy.
Rip Dinoboyo 2001-2019
Because I'm gonna have a heart attack from the HYPE.
By the way I'm using that image for my reaction to XV Ep13.
Ah
I can't...
How????
It's bullshit that makes sense.
Because it makes sense.
I enjoy the bullshit.
But because it's symphogear, I don't care.
Because it shouldn't be possible.
I still like calling it bullshit.
And this show is full of them.
Because that's what I call deus ex machina.
Then bullshit.
Bullshit.
Unless......
Unless you purify the whole planet from her, she isn't going to die.
Even if she gets separated at this point.
She has the information of her body.
Remember episode 10.
Then get her own body.
But she isn't the top dog.
Actually that would have been better.
SHEM HA IS a scientist who most likely had a infrieriority complex
Me too. Anu as well.
Me and black raiden came up with an idea.
I just wanted other custodians.
Alien invasion would have been cool.
Okay I admit it.....i hate repeats.
I wanted something different
But it hasn't really been miku just her body for most of it.
Not even Chris.....what is wrong with me.
No I don't think I care about the other characters.
I don't think I care about the other characters.
The only time it will happen
I'm salty.
Even the ones that would be terrible.
Yeah I'm going through all possible endings.
Unless it turns out that it was all in hibiki's head when deciding if she wanted to go to the concert alone.
But at least we will get our happy ending.
I was trying to be optimistic.
Ha
We will all get something at least.
So fingers crossed.
Sometimes those dreams can come true.
We all can.
I don't know?
So when the doctor doesn't run away.....you know you have fucked up.
The doctors runs away.....Because he is kind.
The doctor vs SHEM HA, who would win?
I'm thinking that SHEM HA wasn't even the best scientist.
What just happened, the server just went down.
3 days until the apocalypse.
I don't know what to expect but having it multiple choice means less dissapointmrnt.
I want an epilogue or a montage of our characters living normal lives in the credits maybe growing up.
Should we all join the live stream on Saturday.
And make them see divine justice.
Before they succumb to the will of God.
They wanted the world to be open to the truth.
The order will not be happy
Let the stab wound be quick and painless, don't draw it out.
I was worried that the episode would be pushed back a week. Luckily it's for only one channel.
If she isn't dead.
On Saturday.
More inori for the last time.
Indeed.
But it is normal carol.
Their icons have been leaked.
Guys, Carol Leiur and Phara are coming soon to XDU.
There is no switch.
Although it does require 4 outposts for it to spread across the entire world.
Not when it is a electromagnetic wave that will shut off every human's brain.
And humanity will fall.
Once symphogear is over, I will activate it.
It was quite famous 65 million years ago.
Named after the Yucatan pennisular in the gulf of Mexico.
I'm activating the YucatÃ¡n protocol.
Ahhhhhhhhhh.
Part of the journey is the end.
Originally.
That's what I thought.
Because I know they will show us that just to say....look she is being saved.
I also bet they is going to be two hands in a purple and yellow light.
I bet it will just feature all of the individual girls.
But they don't always give us the full detail of the episode.
I'm not even sure they will seeing as everything could be considered a spoiler.
Tomorrow we should have the preview images.
Only for one channel.
To fixing all of this.
SSJ might be the key.
I don't know.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cqb3NSiSwoc
Or maybe she's got the whole wide world in her hands.
Or he's got the whole world in his hands.
Perfect music to listen too whilst your favourite characters are dieing.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=A3yCcXgbKrE
What a wonderful world.
Miku to hibiki.
Ughhh
It's full of Ocs that are shipped with our characters.
No.
Not that fanfic.
Ughhhhhhhhhhhh.
TIME TO TASTE THE RAINBOW.
I can buy that.
Yep.
Or a misdirect.
if there is an image like that, I think it will be a troll.
Also miku exploding, I doubt that too.
But that's unlikely. Like very unlikely.
You can't unsee that.
Not dead lol.
Unless one of the preview images shows Hibiki's hand alone pretending to grasp another hand.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I don't want preview images.
Who thinks preview images will come out or will it just be the keywords. I hope it's just the keywords.
I will do stuff for HIBIMIKU fanfics
We have to pay her.
Sip.
I would believe the language is notes.
SHEM HA IS a language, but they never said if the language was words.
Because the end is never enough.
Also it's my fan idea for a sequel to XV.
Fine, I need to come up with a new name. I thought it from scratch, I wasn't definitive.
Oh wait, this belongs in <#357682999300718592>
Do you think betrayal is a good name for the ultimate sin.
Oh.
How?
So yeah the ultimate sin is betrayal.
Also me neither carol, I don't want it to end but at least it ends with a bang rather than what star wars is going through.
I not sure but that's the best one I can come with.
Betrayal.
What do you mean solo.
That all combine together to make the ultimate sin.
Well space adventure would still be cool, especially with 7 deadly sins that were sealed in another dimension by ancient custodians.
Symphogear should never be a shounen. That is the lesson.
The ending of XV.
Also sakura Chris is a bad idea.
Umm that not a good mix.
Oh no, not JOPPY idea.
Spacetrain.
I love the space adventure idea that black raiden came up with.
It's 10:00.
Please intern-kun, give us the images.
You may be right.
5 minutes.
Okay, now I wish this is what really happened.
2 hours.
I don't know.
The last radio.
Till the previews arrive.
3 hours.
I'm not going to say.
Who likes tsubasa arc for XV.
Like really good.
Yeah but it's still good.
Gonna play the moon theme from ducktales.
I have central time
I live in britain.
Intern-kun you better not be watching cat videos.
It's 11:00
You got to have one for the shaky image.
Well something evil is gonna appear.
Agree. He does not deserve it and yet also does.
Got to go to a lecture, ping me when the images are released.
Is that legal?
The joker.
From the most vile creature that ever lived.
From batman return of the red hood.
You manage to find a way to win and everybody still loses. Ha ha ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
I came up with the statue thing.
My fault
Not her.
If it was a villian.....sure.
Ok I'm not having that in My garden.
At what cost though.
Are you sure about that?
Oh dear....well hibiki gets turned to stone.
Either fictitious or me dieing of a heart attack.
Well someone gonna die.
It's a giant mecha.
Big monster.
Heh heh heh heh Ha HA HA HA HA HA
No I want to DIE.
No I was just quoting.
Then I get punched.
I'm the only one who is going to get what he wants tomorrow. Yesssss.....Big BANG BOOM.....They all go out together. Don't you just love a happy ending. Heh heh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Im the psychopath.
Why would you enjoy that.
What no.
Yep, two times the charm. Ha ha ha ha HA HA HA HA HA HA
Yep, don't care.
Joppy what about the naruto thing.
CALLLLLBBAAAAACCKKKKK
JOPPY just wants hibiki to die.
Mine is too.
No.
We don't need him.
Except that one.
You pick.
Or wrong
Any of us could be right.
As a raging inferno.
Oh its SHEM HA.
Behind the hands.
No.
Yes.
Ah bullshit.
How would fine exist.
Don't eyeroll me.
I came up with the idea.
Cause then I'm taking her home.
Please let the stone hands be SHEM HA.
Either those stone hands are SHEM HA.
Yep of course it is.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh
Ah.
Is it SYMPHOGEAR.
Can I die if that happens.
It is.
Then you're favourite characters will die.
Now you shall witness the full power of this episode.
Soon the ship will become more powerful than any of us.
If they kiss.
Wholesome lewd.
I need some sip before I can move on.
Then I came back because I realised that I have one more episode.
Basically I died.
Above is my reaction.

Oh no.
It's gonna end with shooting stars.
Shooting stars.
How the fuck that happens i do not know.
Then hibiki goes in the vambrace.
I betting it is a giant mirror beast.
A giant mirror beast.
It is very much.
It came out the next day though.
They can be.
But you will lose.
You can try.
Heh well, however it ends.....we are going to enjoy the fuck out of it.
THE GREATEST ACTION HERO IS BACK....BABY.
Oh and bullshit.
Maybe that is how it ends.
Ha heh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Basically WELCOME TO HELL.
The deepest part of the vambrace.
I feel like the last image is inside the vambrace.
Oh no.
FREEEEEEEDOMMMMMMMM

Not theirs.
Freedom is my ancestors word.
It really was.
I knew there was gonna be a hands one.
Now I want someone to die.
But it can turn 360.
No it doesnt.
I'm sitting in an evil chair.
Goooooooood
Strike me down with that spear and you're path to the dark side will be complete.
Yes, let your anger and hatred flow through.
SHEM HA most likely wants the six of them dead.
It's not going to hurt relics, it gonna hurt our cast.
So it's even more dangerous.
Not the relic but humanity.
Do Faust robes count.
Or kicked into the ground.
Cause of the broken horn.
Also does SHEM HA get punched then.
Pretty much.....yeah.
Cowboy bebop.
Well we will see you or your kids in the sequel series bye.
That is a punishment.....far worse than death.
Always being aware of where she is and yet she won't be able to do anything.
This isn't a kinky thing....I just want her to suffer.
SHEM HA, I will take her as payment for the sleepless nights I have.
I don't want statue miku and hibiki in my garden.
That is just wrong.
I know there won't be but always leave some things unwrapped.
Leave some movie material.
Create a history in which the light god does not know.
Like mikugear except now she is possed by a alien mad scientist with a god complex who is also a language.
We get what we want but at a cost.
No if one dies, both die.
Too many ways this could end.
Everything has a cost.
Well in order to save your "best friend" there has to be a cost.
If there are no consequences.......I don't know.
Okay being serious: how do you think this episode will turn out? Not just the ending, cause we know what will happen
You were stupid in G.
This is your fault.
Damn it Maria.
They did, they always do.
Ah yeah.
None of this would happen.
If noble red didn't exist.
He responsible for noble red.
No, he does plenty
Is that a phone.
And she will be at ultimate power once she takes over completely.
Or maybe the twist it isn't miku's body <:Ver:336656981144109066>
Is by shutting her out like ultron.
That's what I thought she going to do.
But it will be.
Welcome to heaven.
Cause at least they would be in a better place together.
From this show.
Also if both of them die, I can move on more quickly.
There always is.
Well someone is gonna die.....But I know it won't be hibiki.
I don't either.
They are all going to be in the hospital after this.
Like a portal to where ever miku is. Limbo?
I thinking a portal gonna appear on the vambrace.
Not SSJ, cause frankly this season has and hasn't been predictable.
100%.
No they burn out
Nah.
I remember doctor who were a being called the wire was defeated and trapped in VSH tape.
That's sound familiar.
Then gungnir shatters.
CD SHEM HA.
Either real body SHEM HA appears or she gets burned onto a disc
We know Kimi daki ni gonna be in it and it is gonna cause a portal to open up on the vambrace.
I meant plot.
WTF no.
Ok let's kill her now.
Little baby.
Yes.
Or actual penguins when they take her to the zoo.
Like the artwork.
Oh yes.
Then she can rant on about how superior she is and take over the world but we can't understand cause she is a fucking penguin.
I prefer the penguin one.
Or she can become a penguin.
And give her a wheel to pass the time.
I love animals.
Because then I would take her home and feed her and give her a nice warm bed.
Because it would be adorable.
SHEMSTER.
Like a hamster.
What if she doesn't die and she possesses an animal.
Have her live in a doll house.
She achieves in having a body but it is tiny.
It tickles.
Ha, she is trying to bite me.
Nom.
I will destroy you all.
She becomes a chibi.
And enjoy the episode for what it is.
But that's good as now I can accept it.
But I would love miku to join in but now that the images have been released.
My hope has finally been shattered.
I doubt that ryoko would come back to life.
Unless....something happens next ep.
I guess that's the only time we are going to see those two fight together.
Huh me too.
Should we all join in on a live stream.
Cause I watch reactions on YouTube.
And I'm going to enjoy your reactions
Oh boy, tommorow is gonna be fun.
Thank you god, you pissed off the moon.
It's pissed.
It's sick and tired of people destroying it piece by piece.
The moon falls out of orbit again and tries to collide with earth.
Yes....I was going to do it at 18:00, but it doesn't matter.
Yes they  is alive and I'm happy for it.
Finally I got someone to laugh.......yayyyy
Ok....this just happened.
Also I'm dating my best friend now.
Hi mum and dad, I just saved the world and my best friend. We also have a baby now.
Shemmy Tachibana.
Yeah....whatever.
Well I was there when you came into existence so......I'm right.
Mum we both know I was born from a test tube.
And that is how mommy and I made you.
Hibiki punches SHEM HA so hard she becomes a love child.
I would watch that.
You just see SHEM HA shrinking In that dress.
She just needs white hair and purple eyes and voila.
I want smol bean SHEM HA.
Okay I don't SHEM HA to die now.
Wait what are you looking at us for.
Well somebody's got to look after her.
No.
Yes we can.
We can't kill a baby.
Does this belong in <#431914167826382860>
I don't want statue SHEM HA anymore, now I want baby love child SHEM HA.
I'm still thinking are those stone hands or are they an artistic choice.
Even it is over. I'll get use to it cause I got more important stuff to do such as university work.
What do you think?
It just feels like it.
I still think the last scene in the show will be the night sky with shooting stars and maybe a feather.
Which is becoming more harder.
And talk some thing else about XV.
Yeah let's.....ummmmm.....move on.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
I'm just saying.....It might continue but I'm in denial.
True.
Also doesn't Madoka have an anime series based on a video game.
Trust me, I know capitalism.
Says no one.....yet.
And yet they are probably going to make a XDU anime.
Nice.
Expanded universe.
Because there are some that will most likely not be told in Ep 13.
True, but some person going to come up with a new story, based on the loose threads.
Just look at star wars as an example, it could have just ended with episode 3 being the last star wars live action flim but disney saw an opportunity and milked the franchise so quickly, it killed the franchise.
Because....money.
Whilst it may be the end for these characters, eventually they are going to make a new show with new characters.
And businesses don't like wasting cashcows until they are dead.
Whilst I would love it ending here.
From a logical viewpoint, I don't see the franchise as a whole ending as that would mean losing a cash cow.
They did said this was the final season, they didn't say this was end of the franchise as a whole.
Unless.....
But there gone and they are never coming back.
My reaction if it's not good: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ERQB8NkvAJw
Oh that could work.
I just want cool robot arm Hibiki.
Somebody better lose a limb because my future version of hibiki has a robot arm because it's cool.
7 hours.
That quote is from arkham knight.
To quote batman " you were there at the beginning and now you get to see how it ends".
Time to step into the light.
Does that mean we have an epilogue.
Time to go down with the ship.
Everyone relax, we're about to crash Dess.
And crash like launchpad mcquack.
Cause if it is real, then kirika becomes a pilot.
Also is that Twitter storyboard real?
10/10
ðŸ‘
Where is the Live stream.
No
Is that good or bad?
That I have watched.
The only show to have a good ending and a lesbian couple.
Like adventure time.
I just want a good ending.
I don't want to.
I always edit mistakes.
Like I said, we shall see.
Hope is important.
We will have to find out.
Let's just see.
Oh.
Hopefully it's real.
Oh.
Then it looks very convincing.
Oh
I think so.
Looks like her. You might get your epilogue then.
Speculate.
https://twitter.com/ohkuboyoshiyuki/status/1177270228184514565?s=12
By the way, this was in <#601872369660854272>
Oh trust me it will.....I gonna break your heart and stich it back together.
Their universe is deleted. The end.
Good for you.
4 hours for me.
Ha ha ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
For now.
And then.......it's over.
5 hours.
<@480107127042736139> https://m.vk.com/album-34718069_180768896
The oldest concept art.

Hold on.
She did actually.
Symphogear Encore.
Rage.
Except that.
Also cute.
Yes.
Ha ha ha.
POWER.
Makes it more dramatic.
One includes SHEM HA becoming hibiki and miku's love child due to hibiki punching so hard.
Well I already came with multiple endings.
Hmmmmmmm, maybe.
Hmmmm that would require somebody to be able to make them.
Expect something to come out in the future.
Soooooooooo
But they didn't say it was the end of the franchise.
Yes, yes they did.
Yeah we did and it is BEAUTIFUL.
How I feel about tonight's episode:
READY FOR THE BIG RIDE.......BAAAAAABBBBBBBBYYYYYY
We should make this day symphogear day.
Actually tsubasa sword might have caused one of horns to fall off.
IM readdddddddy........ready for the big ride Babbbbbbbbyyyyyyyyyyy
I've got laundry to do.
Me too.
Wooooooooooahhhhhhhhhhhh
Just in time.
I'm going all nick cage.
Yessssss.
Then I jump to their earth and slap SHEM HA in the face saying "Stop it".
They all die and then I go WTF was that shit.
Carol is best smol bean.
Carol is better.
Although my favourite part was when he runs away like a coward then trips over in G.
Now he is an irritation.
He was entertaining at first.
The ends never justify the means.
Ver murdered children...CHILDREN.
Aka he was insane BULLSHIT man.
No.
No, none of that.
He is a rapist and child murderer.
Use BITES ZA DUSTO to keep this day in a loop.
KILLER QUEEN.
Now that monster trio have BIT ZA DUSTO.
It's also irrelevant.
I don't know.
It's 23.
23 minutes.
Let's not switch off our screens.
True.
Ha ha ha
Armados she isn't dead..........ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
No it was most likely a call back.
Why are you winking.
I'm joking, she won't die......Definately?
Miku dies, completing the C TRIO.
Yes. (In dissapointment).
Breath in.
I'd expect a spinoff or a sequel series in the future or far future.
But no season 6, let these characters rest....especially Tsubasa.
Please no more season 6.
I think the girls are far more OP
I would be fine with that.
I said it was last episode of the series.
Yep
I never said I hate carol just the season she was in. Which is GX.
XV carol is one of the best things to come out.
Fight me.
Too bad she appeared in the least best season.
Carol is best villain overall.
Cause then I wouldn't have been able to watch it.
That's why I was worried about article 13.
Don't want to.
They have eng sub
If you write the episodes in Japanese.
Also hmmmm youtube.
Then subbed.
I watch it unsubbed.
No.
The episode don't come out on VK until 6:00
2 for me.
I'm scared.
2 hours baby.
Tell that to swamp thing
Very true
Yes.
Began with someone dieing ends with someone dieing.
That's true.
Serena.
KANADE.
Or two girls who die saving someone.
They did origins-AXZ.
They are a youtuber.
Not yet but I bet KISH will do it someday.
Oh crap......oh crap my heart.
Oh, the feels.
No, not there whole bodies.
About the arm thing.
About what happens.
What if JOPPY is right.
Getting emotional over it being the last episode.
Ummm it will be around for a month.
Yatsushiro died.
Noble red died.
My favourite episode is G episode 10.
Especially G #5.
Yes I was gonna buy the blu rays.
Does it matter anymore.
VPN.
Why would they put it on YouTube then.
They are.
I'm not stealing.
Yep but I don't want to support crunchyroll. It's shit.
I made a promise to myself.
Only for a week.
I'm not gonna forget this or any of you.
Huh, it's been nice.
No exceptions.
All of you.
It been a journey and I'm happy that I got to spend this season with you.
Time to kill the flame.
The beginning of the end.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LfXnoEFbVrU
Let's watch it.
One hour left.
Well time to leave.
No.
My descent into madness.

Thank you.
Well guys I can die now.
Well......there isn't going to be one
Should I be happy or sad?
I meant VER.
Fuck you asshole.
Aghhhhhh.
The others fucked off somewhere.
I'm having one.
The two asshole I didn't want.
Was there.
FUCKING ||VER||.
It's over and I satisfying as hell.
Where Maria ancestors come from.
It's chernobyl.
We all do.
It was.
They didn't need to tell us
I think we know.
XDU PROMOTION.
Are the relics gone cause no sub has appeared.
I think there gone.
For a bit.
Yep miku helped.
But I'm not waiting.
Yes.
It's over.
Nope.
I knew it.
Shootting stars.
That's actually how I though it would end.
Me too.
That might be the case.
Live 2021.
Then 5 years before we get it.
Movie teaser at LIVE
Probably.
Actually that's what they are going to do.
Yeah movie.
Oh then.
I DONT WANNA GO
Sorry.
Not going to happen.
Final space season 2 end  with a hug.
Hugging is good.
Nani.
And all villains fates are to die.
But she was a villain.
It's over.
But it may have a different anime where he drawed kirika head on.
Yep.
Good that bastard deserves to rot.
Never.
No.
Tree hugger stop trolling.
Like steven universe.
Time skip.
Now.
Still thinking movie might happen.
Did SHEM HA just fuck off and die.
I always felt the ending was gonna be rushed.
Are always the best.
Sympathetic villains.
I got miku helping and HIBIMIKU so........
Did you get what you wanted.
Well guys I got what i wanted.
I just wanted Time skip epilogue.
Like this is the end but it doesn't wrap everything up.
That is so weird.
Yes they did.
OVA special.....I don't care.
Spinoff or movie.
If not........petition for movie.
XV shinains better give us the satisfying conclusion.
Carol is 1.
SHEM HA IS in top 3.
100% yes.
Me too.
Might change too.
5. GX
4.AXZ
3.G
2. S1
1. XV.
Rate your seasons from worst to best.
True.
Main villains die by their own hands except adam cause he got FISTED.
My reaction after episode 13: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KFQQVEd5LoM
Gonna go find a subbed EP on YouTube.
Do you mean blue ray or CD.
It was on XV art.
This is fucking beautiful.
https://twitter.com/funimon/status/1177983908354199554
But you like me for it.
True.
Heart attack.
I would die.
Sooooooooo....if the sound was on, what do you think would happen?
Look, this series makes me fucking emotional as it already does.
And on mute.
Just RAW.
I did.
Oh shit solo not gonna be happy.
Did Kimi daki ni happen.
100% satisfied.
Ok.
Damn it got to find subs.
True.
Still miku's confession was never revealed.
I guess your right.
No the poster.
Before the series began.
We got spoiled the ending.
At least the ending was the poster the whole time.
Isn't it over.
Isn't it.
Isn't it.
I DONT WANNA GO.
Hugs
Basically.
Bullshit.
Where it truly belongs.
At least symphogears in the top 50.
Yeah
It's gonna be difficult now.
Now I wish I had finished during GX.
Basically what I'm feeling after symphogear EP 13.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Ussqi3nagrQ
Unless it's in the second half of next year.
This is weird then.
Oh yeah.
Maybe around December
Later.
One for each month.
There is 6
4 days.
I don't need to be sad.
Oh wait  i got arrow.
Yahhhhhhhh
Eventually.
VK will have them.
Good.
Remember.
Hibiki is god killer.
I was thinking they would do a spinoff or a movie because I was denying.
And it still hurts.
Yes it was.
Let solo do it for you then.
Why can't I move onnnnnnnnnnnnnn.
It's over isn't
Why can't I move on.
It's over isn't it.
You won and I watched you and I loved you and now your GOOOOOOOONNNNNNEEEE
Anyone wish to join?
I'm on general chat right now.
Which is weird.
Miku still has hers
No
I'm just started.
Now I wish I was in the future.
Oh fuck.
One I haven't felt since grandad died.
Now there is a heavy feeling in my chest.
I rewatched it with subs and sound.
I need someone to talk to on general voice.
Under the night sky.
Well I now know there is going to be fanart of these two kissing.
At least it didnt end like yui gi oh
What I expected.
With what.
No it isn't.
Apart from shinains
This may be the last time I watch symphogear.
Burned out.
They purged it.
CLINGING MY SOUL.
A FORCE FROM ABOVE.
THE POWER OF LOVE.
sing with me.
Then the power of love did the rest.
It was a hug.
Guys am I in denial.
Huh.
The face that brings me joy and yet sadness.
Anything could happen now.
Or to Create some scenario in the shinais.
To leave it to our interpretation.
I can wait another 5 more.
I waited 5 years for shenshoujing to come back.
I can wait.
#1 HIBIMIKU shipper.
I'm just thinking they are to go back to this scene and then make a joke out of it.
Wait for the shinais.
Wait for the shinais.
It did.
That is so true.
Ha ha ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Heh heh heh heh Ha HA
Because you never know....what's round the corner.
And they lived happily ever after.......for a while at least.
I doubt they would announce another season.
Now I can die.
Good shit.....this was.
We all scremed
For a second.
Or did she just let her out.
Lol
We have imagination.
Forever.
At least she is finally reunited with him.
Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Good.
<:Ver:336656981144109066>
That's good.
Some say he is still waiting to this day.
Or some weird reptile man-child hiding in the bush waiting for these two girls to kiss.
Then we will probably see that beautiful scene ruined by comedy.
Which is December.
Not until BD 4-6.
Nothing less.
Nothing more.
Just school stuff.
OVA'S are probably going to happen.
Also the almost confession felt too legend of Korra to me.
Me too.
We shall see in BD.
Chris is a big gun
New game probably.
Live yes.
And didn't live as a villain.
She died a hero
Is it carol.
She died a hero
BDH I sware to god.
It's a veil.
Miku shenshoujing headset is different.
A world of understanding at last.
For once we are.
Imagine If the shinai has a scene with this.
I be back tomorrow.
More like we answered a question and she just went.
Alright I'm off, see you.
What's the point of b songs anymore other than money.
I will.
Then she fucks off.
You never know what is right around the corner.
Who knows.
Patience is a virtue.
IM GOING TO WAIT.
Good.
She picked 2.
Future=Miku.
Then some other small things in the future.
It's up to you.
Maybe??????
Probably.
Bittersweet as We will never see this series again.
Good.
Thank you.
Unless they are asked it.
It's best it die in glory.
It's better that It end now with us loving it rather than hating it.
Let the ship go down.
No.
And yet I want more.
I got what i wanted.
Why can't I move on?
Free like the bird.
They all are.
Aoi pretty much cemented that it's over.
I tried thinking there could be the chance of a movie or a spinoff but........
It truly does.
But it still feels like a gutpunch.
Not the franchise.
Symphogear has been one of the driving forces for me and now that it is over........let's just say it's going to be a while.
Indeed it is.
XV shinai 3 will take place after.
XV shinai 2 will take place in between.
XV shinai 1 will take place before.
They are called shinais.
My heart feels quite heavy and I am in so much pain.
The community will move on to something else eventually and the merch will eventually stop.
XDU and shinais don't count.
This show became a part of me so when it died, a part of me died inside too.
I spent five years of my life growing up watching these characters and thinking of them every single day. I grew up as they grew up.
It's not the same.
Now I am depressed.
It sounds like you had a pretty special and intimate relationship with this anime and losing it was equivalent to losing a loved one.
Just replace the hammer with symphogear.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xG_g2b4WTc4
That seems to be the case.
At least this show ends on a happy ending.
If they don't, we will.
Solo fix me.
Smash bros ult music plays.
EVERYONE IS HERE
A gut punch song for a gut punch series.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ElhbTsKsros&t=89s

What I listen too after it was over.
Dicks.
I wouldn't mind carol getting at it.
That's cool.
Which means to the toilet and back again.
I'm now suffering from sympho hangover.
Eiai promise was in episode 13. It was off vocal.
The sprit of vengeance
Do you what ghost rider is.
Also who would win? Ghost rider vs SHEM HA
Next year.
But they are releasing season 1 on DVD in the West.



Here is your epilogue ladies and gentlemen. Enjoy.
In like 4-5 years.
The other 4 are difficult.
Uhhhhhhhhh, I don't have an answer.
I read a fic called building blocks.
Miku is a doctor.
Indeed.
Japanese people exercise a lot.
Huh.
In remember a fic called building blocks where miku is a doctor.
Chris goes to college.
I don't know.
So does dante.
She just clones herself.
Chris is asexual.
Ha.
You know final space season 2 ended with || Gary finding gwen again and they hugged||. The last scene in season 2.
I want to be hugged.
Yeah no punches just Hugs.
I mean kaneko is the real god.
Kaneko is god.
We are gay.
Ok, Bye.
I think the book is closed.
Should they both be listed as LGBT characters now.
Yep
My anxiety nausea has returned.
Also this:
Me too.
I guess I can get on with my life now.
Plus with the side effects.
XV feels like a fever dream I had now.
That's true.
Ha.

Do you want to see the others or should I put them in <#407060923078017026>
Yeah it really is.
There are others if you would like to see them.
I want a third one......GODDAMIT.
Miku transformation for BD.
Also this is the part of the episode where I lost my shit.
Can I say that carol was the MVP.
Thank God, he didn't make.
Cypher I think you are right.
Soul destruction is not good for me.
Go ahead and watch it. It's good.......too bad I have a different experience to everyone else.
I didn't.
I don't know.
Ummmmmmmm
Still made me depressed.
It was that it felt.........so fucking real.
What I felt after symphogear ended.
Which is hilarious.
Shadow the hedgehog levels of EDGE.
You mean like magical girl site.
And Adam.......oh wait.
Wish it was.
Maria and tsubasa on the other hand.
Well it was kinda in G.
Chris doesn't have friends she's got family.
It kinda obvious.
No.
Chris is the only straight girl in the group.
Chris is going like " I love these two but they are dense as shit"
There Hibichris fans.
Oh no Toxicity is rising
But that's why it's shit.
Would.
Well the WIKI.
It gave it fully.
I think we already got that.
But there is always something round the corner.
It may have finished as a series.
Symphogear may have finished as a series, but Symphogear is here to stay with our memories
Cause if it our future, I think that is a bit too long.
Do you mean 15 years in their timeline or our timeline.
Don't put effort into this.
Somebody change that on the WIKI.
And that the off vocal was in the episode.
NO....only bikki gets her.
She wants Miku.
Yeah she is.....
Also EdgeBikki gear jsn't even a thing anymore.
No tsubassa is in that timeline.
Pretty much......I think.
Wait did ryoko know any of the future events were going to happen or did she just think things might work out that way.
Hmmmmmm
Sorry.
Is.
I'm still hoping for a third MIKU transformation on the BD.
<:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690>
<:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690>
Cause I'm going to general chat.
Who wants to go on general chat.
In some capacity.
Ha.
It was used in the ending.
Well I guess I was kind of right.
I originally thought it sounded like an ED  song to use in the last episode.
I listen to it when it came out.
It really is
Also why would a faust robe require a chant.
Then do a anniversary concert every 5 years.
I feel like they are going to announce something at LIVE.
True.
Also I keep thinking that maybe EP 13 on BD might be extended. But it is still a maybe.
Aren't there 4.
Then it's the end.
Shinais
Not quite.
It is an ugly word.
Fanservice.
Agreed. Never using that word again.
Let's just be honest, the only reason she sung the chant was because it was fanservice for all mikugear fans.
Now everyone can understand each other.
The best word of advice I would give her is "cherish every moment you have with her because you never know how long it will last".
For finally getting what she dreamt of all these years.
In celebration of Miku
Have we all just turned our font colour to purple.
I forgot see.
I CAN SEE THE FUTURE.
Yep that's what I was thinking
How would fine know this would happen at all.
It's still weird.
Also that were i got my info on back in the early days.
Satisfaction.
Should I add LGBT to the WIKI category.
Yeah probably the first BD.
Unlikely
We can dream.
It can't be.
Let them be.
Miku and hibiki are happy  now.
Please.
Just don't make a season 6.
It not a yes or no but it will satisfy me.
Ok.
Yeah <:HibiMiku:432007202136391690> Forever.
Did they do that with AXZ.
I don't know.
We will just have to wait and see.
So it is unlikely then?
I don't like stock footage.
Then maybe it can be the same transformation But with some differences.
I would want it to be a blend of the other girl transformation and the other Miku (SHEM HA) transformation.
I'm still crossing my fingers over a third Miku transformation.
They might do that.
Ok.
I was previously asking a question if there were extended scenes in AXZ.
The last part was
Rushed.
Ok.
Ok.
And yet her activation song was in XV 13.
Well it's more of a fusion of a faust robe and shenshoujing.
I'm going to wait for keywords.
I don't know.
This isn't XV.
She does in the BD.
It's all fine now.
Well we shall see.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NyoTvgPn0rU
THE POWER OF LOVE is your explanation.
New cast set 20 years In the future.
I want new cast.
I don't either.
In Japan.
It is but it's CDs do make a lot of money.
That is actually good.
Ha.
Uhhhhh
Well now she isn't.
Rising star cast.
That's a terrible idea.
Have old cast make cameos.
Then get another all star cast.
Selfless character who arcs ends with them getting their selfish wish.
She likes captain America.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Well now they have closed the gap.
Also they have confirmed the live.
It will get better.
Which makes it even more special.
But maybe that why symphogear is so beautiful in my eyes.......Because it didnt last.
Eventually everything comes to an end.
But, these actresses can't do it forever.
I understand you....all of you.
Do they want that?
These characters....are symphogear.
You can never replace these characters.
But even if there is a sequel series with new characters.
Because even though there could be more to explore. It never was about the world. It was about the music, the action and most importantly the characters.
Even though I want the franchise to continue, the more I watch the finale, the more I feel like, do I really want it to continue in some capacity or form.
The ending we got is powerful And great.
I bet they announce it the same day BD 1 comes out.
It is left up to us to decide.
Yes and no.
Symphogear Encore.
I would love that.
But are they better than before.
Yes, they are.
But we won't know.
There are many ways this could go.
If there is a movie, I wouldn't expect it to take place after.
Captain marvel is a boring character that has no character growth.
Spidey is interesting.
At least spider man should keep captain marvel in her place
But some people have already given up the MCU.
It won't.
At this point.
People are burned out.
Star wars was milked too quickly.
Most of the characters are forgettable.
Most of the episodes were poorly written.
Dr who series 11 was bad.
A franchise that has become so milked, it has lost its magic.
I just don't want symphogear becoming like current doctor who or star wars.
Well if it does continue, kaneko won't be writing it.
Not really.
<@188714906143424513> You know what.....that might happen.
Make a time skip movie.
Don't lose hope yet.
But will we will have to wait and find out.
But if you mean not the end of the franchise.....you might be right.
Ahhhhhhhhhhh.....I afraid to tell you this but......this is the end.....XV was the final season.
Ha.
XDU doesn't count as good symphogear content. It was at first then.......
Or a sequel series.....I don't really care as long as I get good symphogear content.
I don't even think that XV could happen in XDU.
Goodbye Skywalker saga.
Goodbye to being a teenager.
Goodbye college.
Goodbye Symphogear.
Goodbye EU (Hopefully).
Goodbye Arrow.
Goodbye Gotham.
Goodbye iron man.
Seems fitting.
2019 is now known as The year of goodbyes.
We will get it eventually.
I don't know.
Don't you eye roll me
I think I'm still in denial.
Also we might get a surprise from the concert.
Probably 4
2 months.
I heavily agree with that.
You forgot the present. It is a gift after all.
Carol: Change da world. My final message. Goodb ye.
<@480107127042736139> Also I doubt it would come out next year.
But now I can appreciate it now like thor the dark world.
Too me, it was. It was......disappointing.
It almost put me off watching the series for good.
Also just watch GX.
Just don't care.
I'm also trying to be realistic and accepting that I need to move on.
I feel like there isn't going to be a special announcement at Live. They sing and that's it. Just like 2013.
Ahhhhhhh.
Yes, that gay.
I want to hear how gay her lyrics are
Also Miku's XV song.
I would like that too.
Also I based my dialogue off this:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=nU9WpBbfwdU&t=17s

Kaneko: No we can't do a HIBIMIKU kiss.
Me: Can't or won't.
Kaneko: You pick Dino, it's the same result.
Then closure.
Then we will know if the gears were destroyed.
Also looking forward to keywords.
Cause it's more probable then the epilogue sequence.
But I'm a patient man.
I know if that happens, I won't get it till March.
Because at least it happened before.
Then that's what I want the most.
If we are not going to get anything else after the live.
Don't know.
Also I'm still betting on third MIKU transformation on the BD.
Then that's it
I'm still betting we will have keywords on Friday.
Heh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Cause you never know what is around the corner.
For now at least.
Most of us here are adults and we still can't get over the fact it's over.
They don't even need to say it, just show the rings.
New movie set 10-15 years where they are now happily married.
Yep.
What you think.
I just don't like the idea of re-doing season 1 but it probably is the most likely film to come out as well as it being the easiest to make.
And so will james gunn's suicide squad.
Although Bumblebee is really good.
Unless you're the MCU.
Also reboots are never better.
S1 is too special.
And if that were the case, make it like 10-15 years in the future.
The only way a movie would work then is if it took place after XV.
Making a reboot of that would be awful.
Melua is right. Whilst season 1 didn't have the best animation, it still had style and also made the characters look younger.
Cause I hate those.
But it better not be a fucking recap.
I  bet it will come out early 2022.
That's my fault.
I know......I just can't post anywhere else.
It's not.....it's my sorrow in the form of music.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=W_m_a1rPCus
The thing I'm listening to at the moment.
Ha funny.
We shall see with the keywords, cause if the relics were destroyed then there is no reason to continue the story.
It felt like a finale but a finale for that season.
The finale felt satisfying and yet unsatisfying at the same time.
I also agree with hibiki, it was extremely painful.

Not a big of sexual assault or rape.
It is......especially with alfhiem arc.
No.....I think SAO is terrible.
I forgot to add symphogear.
I watch dragon ball, jojo and full metal alchemist
Surprisingly I don't watch that much anime.
Because I won't care Anymore.
Eventually it will stop.
I thought I would be in content.
I think it is called......heartbreak.
I thought it was bad when I thought miku was dead but.....no.....this is worse.
Are you in pain?
Ha.
Because even I wouldn't do that and I'm in physical pain.
I hope you're joking.
Or at least....until humanity bites the dust.
The song will echo out across the universe until it burns out.
This story has ended but the song never ends.
I told you I always win.......I'm a man of my word.
Even if it was a fanfic.....It was a damn good one.
It made me care about all of the characters and more importantly.....the relationship between hibiki and miku.
Actually the thing that fixed my hyperfixation last time wasn't superheroes......It was Solo's fic.
It was the only thing I cared about in the early days.
It teased it.
Because Mikugear.
Indeed, which may have made my hyperfixation worse.
Arrow season 5 was so good that I forgot that AXZ was coming out.
Which is next week.
Which is also ending ........Noooooooooo.
Arrow in particular.
I can move on once the Arrowverse comes back.
And I wouldn't count that as good symphogear content in my opinion.
XDU is staying.
Also good symphogear is going.
It wasn't just something I loved, it became a part of me.
I wish I didn't.
Yes I am in a mood.
I should never have got attached.
God....I'm pathetic.
Yeah it's just me.
So you weren't satisfied.
I do.....it's just there isn't really anything to talk about anymore.
No I mean XV ending.
I see you are all taking it well.
Yep.
Oh wait that isn't banned.
I wish it was.
I will actually.
Here it is.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Symphogear/comments/dblgxq/what_we_would_have_seen_if_the_camera_had_kept/
And I'm just going like.......nah mate.
I read someone's reddit and they said they think the reason they didn't show the kissing scene was because they will show it at LIVE.
But now......hibiki is gay for miku 1000000%.
Apart from sex.
For fuck sake.....they slept, ate, bathed and possibly did other things together.
And hate how they say that hibiki and miku aren't gay.
I strongly dislike homophobes.
But you are right, that there needs to be a line between reality and fantasy.
So apologies.
Because I was in a mood and greatly exaggerated it.
Also can't write in serious dicussion anymore so I deleted my previous post.
Nice guy kun is revealed to be cultist leader.
Oh you are referring to that garbage fanfic with Miku X Soran.
Also really?......Niceguy-kun.
I'm gonna go have my tea and calm down.
<:ChrisEnraged:423196924368388105>
It's a shame the vocal version never made it into the season but.....at least we will be able to listen to it at LIVE.
It just......beautiful.
I prefer it over the A-song.
I listen to it, the day it came out.
Won't know until we get the keywords.
We're they even destroyed?
Anybody got a picture.
I didn't see them.
We're there fragments on the floor.
Also blood magic.
You need conflict if you want to make something interesting.
Until a cult tries to kill hibiki and miku because they require both their blood in order to resurect SHEM HA.
One where hibiki and miku are happily married, have 2 twin sunshine spawn and are living happily.
At least I have my imagination if nothing comes around.
Yumi, why....just why?
And I'm better too.
Hey guys, I'm back now.
Not just G, all of it.
Now thinking about this......the people in this universe are dumb......like really dumb.
Also SHEM HA could have won if she had just aimed for the heart.
A lot this wouldn't have happened if Enki just Dodged.
Wait have they done that yet In XDU.
So if hibiki never went to the concert then none of this would happen.
Oh second thought miku, if you're not here, then I don't think it is fair.
I thought that could happen.
Fine: Ok.
Look fine, if we take you to the moon then you will understand why the curse is around and why it is a bad idea to destroy it.
Hibiki: also Tsubasa idol partner is a terrorist.
Ver: Hello miss tachibana.
Hibiki: That man is crazy and is working with terrorists.
Ver: Whaaaaaaaaaaa No.
Symphogear ENCORE.
On what?
Kono Millhi Da
The plot twist is I was in on the joke.
Back beast, let me have my LGBT representation
Ohhhhhh nooooooooooo it's nice guy-kun.
I wouldn't.
As well as watching it so many times, I'm desensitized now.
Ummmmm.....well you see...I got bored.
And I've already gotten over it.
I'm doing paleotology.
No thanks
It's alright, solo's Fic gave me the idea of what it would look like.
Hah HA.
I wanna see symphogear on a watchmojo. Heh heh.
I'm not surprised.
Bullshit looks for bullshit.
Like cinemasins.
Not really, I prefer bullshit cause then I can call it out.
I watch jojo.
I just wanted it to be cynical like Alan Moore.
You thought she would kill her.
I knew using bullshit would allow her to bring back miku.
We use hibiki's bullshit to neutralise SHEM HA'S bullshit.
What.
I have an idea.
Oh no she turned into bullshit
Aka BULLSHIT.
I just realised that one of SHEM HA attack was called DEUS EX MACHINA.
They kinda almost died.
They just came back.
Chris kinda did that as well as FIS.
But it was GX.
I'm confused about that still.
Yeah.
Just elfnein.
I didn't say she cared about herself.
Yeah true.
Just elfnein.
Carol doesn't give a shit about anyone else.
Shrug.
So I guess it counts.
With the fragments of a relic.
Oh yeah.....Wait what.
Like there has to be a limit.
Not when you can't think.
Mistakes happen.
A few minutes later, golden again.
Holy shit......well we know what there doing on the BD.
Like just reverse engineer what she did.
Wouldn't the custodians have technology to undo this.
Fuck
No that was a manga.
I don't know if that is good or bad.
Anime wasn't a mistake cause then we wouldn't be here to talk about a good one.
Yes....yes it is.
Anime is dead.
Still waiting for symphocast episode.
I love you.
Make them memes then people will watch them. It kinda sad....really.
And because it is popular due to said memes.
Because people don't watch it for quality, they watch it for memes.
The only way to spread it to the west is to make it meme at this point.
I just commented on mother's basement video.
Still I would love mothers basement to talk about it.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5wpEUFo4PTs
Fuckkkkkk.
And then he trolled us.
He did in this.
Basically man.......Fuck you.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pOnTPywkAt0
I threw my chair for trolling me.
I though that gukkick was going to talk about symphogear but then proceeds to talk about fucking isukai.
Where is demon slayer.
Bullshit it was number one.
BUULLLLLLLLLSHITTTTTTTTTT
Vinland saga was number one.
Like symphogear, which should be number one.
You're watching watchmojo.com and today, we are looking at the top 10 anime in the summer that are popular but we are going to ignore the good stuff.
Actually that is possibly true.
They do have brand name power.
He's retired.
Not genjuro though.
I think elfnine would come back as well.
Yayyyyyyyyy.
With rings.
With miku
At least that.
Let her have a cameo.
No, not yukki
I want hibimiku love child.
You said this cast.......hmmmmmmmm
And the last.
This live may be the biggest.
Because I will watch that shit if there is.
Does it have.....Lesbians.
<@231492516820680704> I couldn't do it.
Fucking idiot I was.
And we know why.
Ummm can't talk there.
Does it have.......Lesbians.
Tell me more about this delta.
I can wait 5 more.
I came.
I waited 5 years for mikugear.
However long it takes.
I'm gonna wait for that symphogear movie now.
Ohhhhh
I was thinking of something else.
No.
Maybe then the other season apart from XV would have been more written better.
And this is where my  mikugear statue would go.
If I had one.
Which kind.....cause if they don't do a chibi version, I will riot.
Yes keep those milaracs from your door.
Also whenever I see this. I always hear this in my head:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zNpeK7sDLzE

Ragggghhhhhhhhbhb
<:ChrisEnraged:423196924368388105>
Faust robes are OP as fuck.
Ha
Please don't remind of that.
Tsubasa needs a hobby.
I meant actual sword swallowing.
Outside the city.
Saying she is sword sallowing with Maria in there private cabin.
Maybe a cameo.
None.
Good.
If the relics are gone.....no more suffering.
With tsubasa suffering.
XV  was a bit overkill.
I don't want to see Tsubasa suffer anymore.
Let her retire.....the less we see of basa the less she will suffer.
Even the staff books.
They have all most everything on there.
https://m.vk.com/symphogear
Whoops that is the wrong one. Here is the right one.
https://m.vk.com/video-34718069_456239369
In fact, here is the site
Also you used to be able to download full episodes from there as well.
VK. it's fine now they've sorted the episodes out but back then they had eng sub too buts thats been removed since then.
So.........
And the episodes were randomly assorted.
I didn't know how to read russian.
Yes I did.
Yes.
Come on I was 13 years old and I had just found VK
Actually the first episode I watched was episode 10 of G.
Also they are one of reasons I got into Symphogear.
Because they are my favourite.
No reason.
Ummmmmmm.......
Me too maybe if we are lucky, we get a third Miku transformation.
Symphogear 5 seasons are basically one big book.
The beginning was great.
The ending was great.
The middling part varied in quality.
So I tied them.
I honestly can't say which is better, season 1 or XV because they are both fucking great.
And I'm too tired to argue. Especially now I've got a cold.
Yeah, cause that argument would be.....messy.
I love it.
It's really became a mecha anime with singing.
The adults are acting like children, shirabe, they don't deserve my silence.
Now people will remember her as DESS girl.
She is just an easy going person who says DESS in almost every sentence
I like her when she is that way.
Im intelligent but I lack common sense.
Less stupid, more immature.
She's only stupid when she doesn't put her mind to it.
Also hibiki isn't dumb, the twist was she knew......she knew the whole time.
It is, I found it on reddit.

Expect post XV stuff.
That's what I said
What.
Are we going to talk about the zesshouani when they come out.
Ok.
There gonna show Chris graduating in the zesshouani.
I don't know.
Also there is another way to finish them off.
I know why they didn't conclude all of the characters in the last episode.
We might be....surprised.
Well we will just have to wait and see.
Might be even more in week 2.
Bye more.
I read you're stuff, it's pretty good.
That's what I feel like when I tell you about my ideas.
I like reading reviews. Makes me see how other people felt about the episode, game, film etc.
Unfountunately i can't.
Pay them what there owed and we owe them
That's how business works.
Give them what they want then we get what we want.
Or a movie.
Yep.
Wonder how this will affect things.
Hmmmmmmmm.

More than they have before?
Woah.
I'm talking from a writing perspective.
Both reasons.
I know why.
Also it's not the first time they broke.
I would wait for keywords.
Wait till Friday, they might explain it.
Keywords.
But they would be naked.
Wouldn't they be naked.
They left it ambiguous.
They didn't show us.
I don't know.
I feel like I now know the other reason why miku never kept her symphogear other then because she is hibiki's normal life. It because she is fucking overpowered with it. Like really fucking overpowered.
Miku is basically superhuman.
Skipped arm day as well and yet she can yeet Solomon's cane.
She jumped to reach Yggdrasil.
If she can throw so hard, I think she can jump really high.
I'm just nitpicking at this moment.
Even for symphogear standards.
That seems quite quick.
So did she transform where genjuro and elfnein were.
Also solo did you mean fly with her gear or just fly in general?
Because if she transformed at the base then she is fast as fuck.
But did she chant at the base or on the top of ygsisill.
I know some people are going to say helicopter.
Question: How did miku get to Ygisisill so fast.
But they don't say anything about it.
And they hint what happened there.
They may have scenes post shooting stars.
Should we put a zesshouani discussion when they come out.
I would be funny if they had a scene post twin shooting stars.
Like maybe a month.
I doubt it will be 7 years.
It might be in between the ending and the epilogue.
I don't know.
Maybe????
Because some of them are terribly written.
Although a XDU event might do that.
What if hibiki only got hit by the beam.
So instead of destroying gear, it would power them up.
I don't know if the gears are destroyed or not. But i would prefer if they were because then it shows how can you do symphogear when there aren't any anymore.
Those hugs are pretty dangerous.
Then hibiki hugs her and it kills her.
The "Big gun".
Which if they had continued the series. They possibly use her as a last resort.
She'd be broken.
No I meant gameplay wise.
Broken I'd imagine.
Wonder wait it will be like in XDU.
And I fucking love it.
Full powered faust robe SSJ is still OP.
Yeah they were quite weak.
Yep, but she one shots all those enemies.
A reason why I hate it.
They did for GX which pissed me off.
Faust robe SSJ is even more OP.
I gonna be here till the servers shut down.
I won't.
Eroupas don't lose hope.
Looks quite familiar.
When did you get into Symphogear Sp00kimori.
I waited 5 years for SSJ to come back.
Worth it.
So if it takes another couple of years for a new symphogear project to come out.
I won't mind.
I've got stuff to distract me.
I don't care.
I gonna keep waiting .
Can't remember but it was 4-5 weeks ago.
Someone did on here.
Nah, I heard it's bad.
I'm going to hope for more good symphogear in the future. Being a nilelist sucks.
People really do want a continuation.
People reactions: https://www.reddit.com/r/Symphogear/comments/dcifzt/symphogear_xv_v1_bd_sales_numbers/
https://mobile.twitter.com/zoid9000/status/1179237493025185792?s=12
The BD sale for vol 1 is 26'000. This is unconfirmed for now.
VK  will have both episodes on there.
They came up with the idea before me.
Huh alien abduction.
I'm going on <#336298587745157120>.
Also another advice, don't let your anxiety and adrenaline consume you.
Balance everything....Because when you get too high on something, it can cause......side effects.
I lost hope one time.....it was the biggest mistake of my life.
Hope is possibly the most human thing possible.
If we lose hope then what are we.
For what.
What does Ty mean.
But this place is better with symphogear news then VK ever was.
But I will be using it less in order to focus on my paleotology studies.
I changed my mind after episode 13.
Time to watch milarac kill a innocent girl again.
Yes I just wanted to know what jobs the girls would have in the future?
This is post XV.
Yes.
What kind of jobs would the girls have in future?
I can't post anything on <#357682999300718592>
It kind of is.
Or im going to have to.
Then the ending will be more satisfying.
Just supply me with time skip fanfiction.
Fuck time.
Yes but with both.
No.
So then it begins In 2014 and ends on 28th October 2019.
Somebody create a time loop.
Coughing like general grevious.
I've got a cold.
I think?
It's not a gear, it's a faust robe
Cause that shitty wiki changed Miku's SSJ in XV from faust robe to symphogear. That bothers me.
Still would like to know some answers.
We had ep 12 keywords last week, best to finish it.
Ok.
Wait till tomorrow for some thing.....concrete.
SHEM HA gave them clothes.
S.H.I.E.L.D
Super villains are always gonna be around.
I play junkrat.
Maybe the shinais will give us a satisfying conclusion for all the characters.
When is anime...... anime?
It happened and yet it didnt.
Because it won't happen.
I know she doesn't mean it.
The joke you have made makes me want to believe that will happen.
Am I the purgatory.
What
I think you have been.
Yeah....didn't mean to come off like that.
I gotten what i wanted.
I'm fine with dying.
Neither is dying.
Fuck dying.
I rather prefer not dying.
<@83626774000308224> That was me with SHEM HA miku.
I'd rather donut her with a stake.
With what.
But I would prefer Aoi doing something she likes.
Maybe they can appear here or there.
If there was a sequel series or a spinoff series. I don't want the main characters back.
They were teasing us
Ha I'm joking.
Wink wink.
Look forward to the future.
I was fine at first then i thought about it then came the downward spiral.
I went backwards then forwards.
Yep.
Like for real.
I'm actually now fine with symphogear ending.
Just expect in a decade there will be nostalgic content.
Also I've learned over the years that when people says things are over. Several years later here is a continuation or reboot.
I'm sad it's over but I'm glad I got to watch it.
So am I.
You never know what surprises may come in the future.
Thank you symphogear. You will not be forgotten.
But as captain Alex once quoted "Expect the unexpected".
Here it is guys, the last symphocast: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bab_Mrf--cQ&t=27s

Enjoy.
Even thought they "fulfilled" their character arcs, it would be nice to see what they are doing after XV.
And when I mean all, i mean Chris, Maria, kirika and shirabe.
This anime has gotten bigger.
Yeah but if it is real.....Jesus Christ.
Damn it .
Wait it's Â¥5000
Huh, not bad.
Â£7.59
What is Â¥ 1,000 in Â£
According to one post 26000 but I doubt it's that much.
I'm quite concerned.
So goodnight.
So a no......depends on how I feel.
I've got studies to do tomorrow so...Maybe later in the day when I'm done.
I'm going to bed. I'll talk tomorrow if there are keywords.
Understanding.
Its because that would ruin the whole message behind symphogear as well as the OP song.
And no it was not left for ambiguity.
Okay maybe a little.
Also I understand why hibiki and miku didn't confess or kiss.
I like Vanessa and Elsa..but milarac.
Too many sacrifies
Gooooooooood.
Wait what.
Leaves us with material to use.
Good.
Maybeeeeeeeeee
This sounds like another mecha anime I've watched.
Ohhhhhhhhhh.
When does concept art come out?
Yes.
I don't know what they would do.
I just said something.
Not like that.
I'm betting they have something special if it's the last.
Fingers crossed you do.
Yeah now I wish I didn't spoil something.
Heh heh heh heh Ha HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
Well at least joker should keep me satisfied.
I'm giving up on a possible spinoff.
Ahhhhhhhhh, yeah never go on YouTube
Oh dear.
I think fudou did not want it that way.
That would have been a lot easier than kidnapping someone but then the stakes would not have been so high.
Took 9 months last time.
I meant the artbooks
But maybe they shouldn't milk it, I mean look what's happened to star wars.
End of the series.
But not the end of the franchise.
I bet they keep XDU going for another 2-3 years then stop updating it.
They probably didn't know what they were going to with them at the time.
Pretty much or maybe they did plan for an alien invasion at first but changed it.
I guess you are right.
Okay.
One person has stated that it didnt make any sense because
1. Custodians is plural 
2. Descend so that means coming from the space or sky.
Sorry I knew he was referring to SHEM HA, it's just that the wiki comments have ben flaring up about whether adam was referring to SHEM HA or other custodians.
SHEM HA and the others.
Actually I think he was referring to both.
Oh yeah.
She was already there.
I know she is but she didn't descend.
"Before the custodians descend".
If I can remember the quote.
No he was worried about the custodians.
I don't think Adam was worried about SHEM HA.
It's the first Sunday, I haven't felt like I've wanted to throw up.
You could do that, just go on Tumblr and type ask-symphogear, then you should find it and ask it unless you don't have a Tumblr account.
Also I did it for fun.
There is a Tumblr group called ask symphogear, where you can ask any of the 7 girls a question. I wanted to see if they would reply to my question and they did.


Yet.
Eh I got nothing.
Eh
It now officially a week since symphogear ended.
It did a lot of amazing things this season but at the same time, it also did some things that......bothered me.
I meant that the trailer was absolute cringe.
I didn't mean by that.
Speaking of lesbian heroes, who is looking forward to the cringy batwoman tv show tonight.
Oh, ok.
To HIBIMIKU or not to HIBIMIKU, that is the question.
I just went to crunchyroll YT channel to see if they had spoiled anything else and I found a comment where someone wants to a make a petition to have more symphogear.
Remember how toxic some people are.
He is.....free.
Now he can move onto other projects.
Correction, "believe" they are gay.
Even though a vast majority know they are gay.
That the way it should be.
Yay or nay.
What......what does it say.
It's why Jeremy Clarkson was fired from top gear.
Well producers have a lot of power.
And you can't argue with them.
But the higher up wanted it to.
Looks like everyone else is closing up shop.
Well the VK group has closed now.
Can someone give me a link.
2 months until zesshouani Ep 1.
Ha ha, I'm joking, I know this is a coincidence
Hmmmmmm.
Now I wonder where rwby got it's ideas from.
Oh yeah.
Kiri-chan.
No....wait....tsubasa.

I found this on Tumblr.
He can't even take criticism cause when I saw one person give him a criticical review in one of his fics, it was gone the next day.
It is garbage.
Long hair kiri-chan is great.
Oh yeah.
CW batwoman.
Although if it is cringy, I hope it's so good it's bad.
Supergirl was at its peak with season 4.
Also legends with season 1
Technically supergirl was awful on its first and half of its second season.
Which infruriates me, because I don't want them to ruin batwoman.
Then they make a trailer that's good.
God that trailer was awful.
we get it.
IM A WAMMAN.
The best reaction.
I already pictured what happen to him.
I wish they did.
Sandman killed uncle Ben.

I think it went off topic.
Yeah we were making comparisons to the characters of rwby and symphogear.
Also have you seen kyle anywhere.
When did you stop liking it.
Lewd
There handholding.
Also more comparison.
I wouldn't.
Burn.
Double ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I would love to but.......rwby is kinda difficult.
Maybe it would be better than the real rwby.
I wish there was a symphogear rwby AU.
Maybe 60/40
With a 50/50 chance of something new.
Also we got the Zesshouani and the live still.
It hasn't for me, it's actually been quite relaxing.
I will though, I've got other things to do and I still have hope, something will be announced. If their isn't, wellllllllll.....I won't care by that time.
Some won't.
Money makes the world go round.
If it's the only symphogear content we are going to have after live then people will pay for that duet.
I bet they will
Bikki Chris duet though
XDU Will fix that.
Here we are in the future.
They made an awesome mecha.
Yes I did.
Nothing.....Nothing of relevancy.
maybe.....meta criminals sometimes.
No....mines more fighting mythical creatures all over the world.
SoL......I wish.
WTF is this.
Sob so true......kerrik stop.
Bad news, we will most likely have to wait till December.
Most likely 3-4.
<@138380189741744128> Yes.
Me too, it's up there, just give me definitive endings for Chris, Maria and DMJii.
Actual epilogue is most likely.
Me too but I think we are asking for too much.
It may or it may not but I'm gonna go with, it may.
Fingers crossed.
Wait do you mean Shem Ha or just miku by herself.
Or BD 4?
Wait till BD 6
Especially when I have every single transformation on my phone.
Because i dont want to waste money.
That's why I can't buy them.
The deleted 10 seconds that they had to remove because of time restraints.
Are there the extra scenes.
I....can't get one.
Wonder woman vs Shem Ha.
Also another verses.
I'd rather die than not be myself.
I'd fight her.
Like at all.
Shem Ha vs Superman. No contest.
I may hurt myself.
Maybe I shouldn't stretch in case I do.
Ha.
It will be 2 on January 6 2020.
3.
Maybe 2.
I expect an SoL special in the next 5 years.
At least I still have this place.
But............
I still care a little bit but I've got to move on. It happened.
For something to come around......eventually.
And also hopeing.
I mean fanfiction helps.
None taken.
Honestly it's been almost 2 weeks, and frankly........I just........don't care anymore.
And it's the one you've been talking about.
There is a lot of things I hope for In the future will happen. 1 out of the three of them is most likely gonna happen.
thanks.
awesome
Can i have a link.
and that has cringe.
To be honest, i prefer the Fanon wiki.
i'll go there then.
Oh are they? OKAY.
Then its time to fix that cesspool then.
Anything could happen now.
Like Big Finish's Doctor who.
Time for Audio series.
i know.
Because i went on the wiki and someone said that the franchise is over. I think that is wrong but it has created doubt within me.
Also has it been confirmed that the franchise as a whole is over.
It's gaelic.
<@269655454957830144> My swords name is Dia Marbhadh.
God it's almost been two weeks.
Like the god of war axe.
When it is thrown.
Scottish broadsword that can come back to you.
Lots of magic spells and a big ass sword.
Mine is weirder.
Not at all.
When is DJ Chris event for XDU?
I cry.
Then she slowly fades away.
Carol: Change Da World......My Final message Goodb ye.
Whilst it is a hilarious meme. Hibiki isn't dumb.
Ha.
Headcannon: they are metahumans.
Meta powers.
Why are fudou and genjuro so strong. That was never given a explanation. If it was, where?
Okay.
What mess have I stumbled into.
Do we know a concert will happen.
Not everyone.
I waited 2 YEARS for XV.
For 10 years.
Then they wouldn't have to do anything special.
To be honest, it wouldn't be a stretch.
Or 2022.
Because 2018 happened in April.
I bet you they released lottery tickets on the last two BDS.
Or June.
Maybe May then.
Oh yeah.
Rather than April.
I think the concert is happening in the summer.
Yeah but what if lottery tickets aren't enough this time.
But he does have a point.
Not 100%
I think Chad is right.
Because those actresses are those characters.
It is which is why it's so hard for me to picture main characters with English voice actors.
I know.
And I'm gonna keep doing it.
I'm going to go to comic con wearing a white T-shirt that says watch Symphogear.
Well I'm gonna make this mainstream.
The problem is the main characters.
Side characters are easy.
I was just thinking which english voice actors would suit the characters.
Not the whole series maybe the first season.
But.......
I would like that too.
I know but eventually they will do it.
Who voices Ezio, batman and Modern Sonic.
I been thinking if they ever did an English dub for symphogear. I would want Enki to be voiced by Roger Craig Smith.
People will buy XV 4 just for her songs.
I do anyway.
Everyone loves Inori.
I expect people to buy XV 4.
XV 7 and 8 on the other hand.
Also XV 1 and 2 are kinda at the bottom of my favourites list.
Actually..... not really.
That's.......surprising.
Wait.....Greece?
I know people say that.
We are not European.
We are Great Britain after all.
Okay But we're still fine.
Which caused an economic  collapse for the main EU countries.
We left then other countries left.
Why do you think Britain is fine in symphogear.
Yeah you could explain it like that.
That the EU collapsed
It's our fault.
Well blame brexit.
Ok.
Ohhhhhhh
Please no.
Oh no.
Okay.
Because I doubt it.
Who thinks the US will survive till the next century.
Gonna go live in Canada.
I'll be fine.
I'm not even sure if humanity is gonna survive till the next century.
The whole worry of Miku being dead came from here.
It just happens because people put ideas into my head.
No.
But she might not.
By the way does Aoi want to do Live.
Ha.
No but also yes.
I have.
For me.
Britain.
Does Aoi want to do it.
Should this go in <#336310266654490624>.
So it's not a suprise if this happened.
Also both our and their goverment kinda suck.
European countries are less friends and more truce allies.
More the illuminati.
He was stealing money to support the illuminati's research.
Adam.
ARE SO FUCKING RIGHT.
You
I give up
Just......
This is nothing but lies.
Oh no I've been hit.
I think I should leave <#431914167826382860>.
Buttplug werewolf.
The meme is real.
Forgot about that.
Oh yeah.
He is the physical embodiment of a meme if he was real that is.
Face slam.
It's stupid....I know.
When I mean put down, i mean kill it.
I think only I can understand.
Eventually I'm going to put the show down like the punisher did to Billy Russo (Jigsaw) in Netflix punisher.
We wish it didnt end.
Heh HA HA.
Not just so then he can take over the world but also then he feels......complete.
And that is why adam wants the divine power
Adam: Hello humans, what a lovely day it is to be ali....
Human: He doesn't have any junk,run away.
Custodian: Enki stop looking at humanity and help us with our creation.
Enki: Its hot, I'll do it tomorrow.
Custodian: No...Help us with the creation or we will never be able to unite humanity.
Enki: He looks fine, he'll fit in.
I wonder who that was......
Maybe he was suppose to be an emissary that would unite tribes.
I don't know, maybe it was SHEM HA before she went crazy.
Adam is the worst, why would you bring him back.
No.
15 ghosts.
But 15 = XV.
I don't know.
That's why Chris's parents aren't there.
I counted the ghosts and there are 15.
Everything was pretty solid.
Me too.
I regret saying it.
Spinoff?
If they ever did a movie which I don't they will ( at least for a while), that would be a good concept.
Or sequel fanfic?
Ohhhhhhhhhhh
Movie idea?
So then alexa could play AWAKEN MY MASTERS.
I just wish we had an evil trio of custodians.
Dur dun crash.
"Noble red......I don't know".
"What do we do about them".
"Yeah".
"Really......are you sure about that?".
"Shem Ha is gone, I doubt anyone will be able to use it".
"Shouldn't we deal with the world tree".
"We could just go home".
"Soooooooo, what now?"
They have been TERMINATED.
No Its terminator.
I'll be back.
No the T800, cybernetic organism.
And then get terminate by a T800.
Copyright claims, they always come.
Not for long I imagine.
Then it's time to clean it up.
Also please stop this. Once was funny, now it's beating a dead horse at this point.
Im sorry, I caused this. I created the madness.
Like luke said "No one's ever really gone".
I mean <:Ver:336656981144109066> keeps coming back and he's dead.
Muh heh ha ha ha ha.
Like luke Skywalker said " No one's ever really gone".
Yeah and what ever happens next.
I agree fully.
It will come back one day.....one....day.
Heh heh heh.....Yes it was.....Yes it was.
Pretty much.
Especially Twitter.
They bring......unpleasant people.
No it isn't but I don't want to join those sites.
Yeah, then this place will fall apart.
What are we going to here after zesshouani is over.
Now I'm just waiting till March.
Fuck.
Yeah.
In 3 years it's going to be ten. Holy shit.
7 years.
It's 7.
I wanted more symphogear content like maybe a movie or a spinoff but then I thought about it and I realised that they won't do that.
I don't want the concert to come anytime sooner because it will be the last symphogear content we have other than XDU.
Good for you.
Next year is just....... complicated.
Yeah you're right. Maybe that's why they couldn't do it in April.
I just want it to not come sooner.
Do you think the concert will happen in October next year or spring 2021.
I guess it doesn't matter.
I can I'm celtic.
My name is Archie.
I already have 2 cats. Their names are Matilda and Gino.
Im 18.
If it was a girl.
I would name my child miku.
Trust me, you will enjoy it.
I do love this jelly doughnut.
Another reason why I got into this show was that it wasn't kid friendly.
Wait.....why would try and sell this to kids.
You're right.
But that's my opinion.
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
It's cringe.
It's almost as bad as that guys fanfic.
Noooooooo, not that.
^ That was me saying the word.
****
It was quite entertaining that day was.
An example of the good ones was solo's reactions after episode 8. He was having the same reactions as I was.
And that is not a good memory.
That was yesterday.
Im not being melodramatic, that is fact.
Too many good memories here.
Can we archive this channel.
Or is it 5
4 days.
I like all of you.....I really like all of you.
I don't care.
This is a very pleasant place to be.
To go back to the time of the dinosaurs and see them with my own two eyes.
Some might.
Everyone else isn't.
There is no arguing with you there.
Hah HA HA.
I asked this on Tumblr.
What did Kerrik mean by a few hours.
I need a hug.
We all do.
I wanna hug god so then I can save my girlfriend.
Awwwwww this is cute.
I know the animation can be.....questionable.
Season 1 has style.
I.....Don't.
Some people want a season 1 movie.
That and also the animation will be updated.
Because people are dumb.
But.......you know what I mean.
Well they kind of do.
Uhhhhhhhh, they don't make money.
I don't want that.
Space adventure? Or maybe a more grounded enemy.
Maybe even longer than that like 2023-2025.
Probably 2022.
Oh we will get a movie just like nanoha.
Im still gonna stay here now. You never know what will happen in the next year or so. And beside there is some brilliant fan content here.
Don't ruin this.
Im legally an adult now.
Huh you know what's funny. I started to watch it at the beginning of my teenage years and now it ends at the end of them.
Im happy that the series ended on a high note. I'm glad that I got to witness these episodes for the last 5 years of my life. I was 13 when I first watched the series, now I'm 18. 2019 is the year of goodbyes and I wouldn't pick a more perfect year to end the series.
And probably will at least get one more. But I do wish they would add Kanede BD transformation But that's a stretch.
At least I got my miku stuff.
Now I can look forward to pokemon sword.....woohooo.
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
For now....It's over.
I guess it's better than nothing I suppose.
To the point goku was in a thanksgiving parade.
But that's a poor example as dragon ball is really popular.
And also the highest grossing anime film.
Ah that film was fucking awesome.
But do you remember dragon ball broly.
Yeah........sadly.
New original movie + New songs = more money.
New songs.
But yeah, they could go two ways.
That's what I was going to say.
I remember in the manga that the day of the concert was the last day of her life.
Technically she not a god but seeing as she helped create humanity I guess she kinda is.
I don't understand.
The dress was most likely there to tell the difference between miku and Shem Ha other than the eyes.
20 minutes is not a long amount of time to explain things.
I know how it works.
I know the art of possession.
SHOW: There not in love, there just really really REALLLLLLYYYYYY Good FRIENDS. Who live together, eat together, bathe together and sleep together. Just like all best FRIENDS do.
Me: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=4pQcn2L65J0
That is a place i can go so ok.
No I just remembered the really bad fanfic when solo said bad.
Uhhhhhhhh no not the bad.
This story is over but the song never ends.
And that's a big problem.
I forget the next day.
It's why I posted the image here instead of <#336297387863703552> because I'm stuck in purgatory.
No Melua fixed that.
So no more irrelevant things in here.
No my ban gets lifted.
Now i wish the 25th would come sooner.
Yes.
Basically even after a show is over, I still believe it will never be over cause we live in an era where the story doesnt just end anymore.
I was saying that.....fuck, now I can't even remember.
No....that was not what I was saying.
I'm gonna be here till the day I die.
Well, I'm not leaving.
Because if a show makes a lots of money even after it's over, then it's most likely gonna do Some thing like that.
To give us hope.
That's the reason I showed it.
Yep when a show makes you believe it's dead for a year only to come out with this.
Also she's a language.
Because she is in all sense a psychotic alien scientist who's  technology is so advanced it could be mistaken as magic.
Because if it is an adaptation  of the manga, I will acknowledge it's existance.
Also to justify it's existance.
There's no hint to hibiki dieing and there no graveyard scene in the manga.
Yep that's a manga difference.
But the twist is Hibiki comes back to miku the second she and the others destroy the moon fragment.
I wouldn't mind seeing that on the big screen.
We are fucked.
The manga writer must love people getting chopped or blown in half.
If they ever did one, most of the works already done.
Manga is most likely to be adapted into a movie.
Jesus Christ. Fine is more OP.
Actually........I would not have a problem with that.
You're right.
Nooooooooooo
Good.
Thank God.
Yeah I did but I tried to forget the whole raping thing.
Cough cough.
Spits out drink.
She's asexual then?
Especially that guys fanfic.
Don't remind me about those.
I don't.....from the last episode, it may be subtle but it's still hits you like a sledgehammer in the stomach.
Yeah and they'll never say anything about it because they'll lose a portion of the fanbase which means they lose money.
I'm mean if you're are talking about the same bluebird that you're thinking about thennnnnnnnn........uhhhhhhhhhhhh.
Anyway I'm still hoping for Miku transformation for BD 6.
As long as they did Some thing different such as cutting fine in half.
So basically, we would be fine with a season 1 movie then?
I could easily watch the first season and still get the same reaction as I would in the cinema.
Because if it's just the same stuff I've watched before just with updated animation  then I don't see the point in watching it.
I always saw that relationship as nothing more than a friendship. But that's my opinion.
Ok.
Hibichris fans?
Nice little Easter egg right there.
Yes they were.
Shrug.
Oh crap, my thirst for HIBIMIKU will also be archived.
We all have.
It seems.
I have become history.
Soon, the chains that have kept me here for so long will be unshackled and I will be Frrrrreeeeeeeeeeee.
"Best friends".
Happy friends.
Requiesce in pace <#431914167826382860>.
Goodbye <#431914167826382860>.
Anyway, in 30 minutes the doors will be closed and I will be FREE.
This is my t shirt.

Some drawed fossils and dinosaurs too.
We were at the pub having fun.
Other people did that though.
Or Nazi symbols.
It's better than drawing dicks.
I told them before, they were fine with it.
I allowed them to write on my t shirt.
Yeah i did.
#Spread the message.



It's white T-shirt day at the paleo society and I've been writing WATCH SYMPHOGEAR on them.
#SPREAD THE MESSAGE.
It's gonna be a ride.
Me too, see you all on the other side.
No

Farewell.
But this.....is a good ending.
I always hate endings. Means I have to say goodbye.
Goodbye XV discussion, we had some good times.
See you guys tomorrow. Well..... not on here.
For me, it's bed time.
I didn't know that.
Wait, were they locked by that guy who now runs the reddit.
I think so?
Yeah
Like I said all those weeks again......everything I do will always end up with me fucking up.
At least now I can talk in serious discussions again.
I really don't know.
Shrug.
Time to get the last laugh.
Heh heh HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
<:MikuSad:336657015961026560>
Hopefully she recovers.
And will not stop until he gets what he wants.
But kyle isn't a kid friendly being. He's an entity that seeks out fnaf dank material.
Well in the weekend came out and kyle never disappeared. Hopefully he doesn't follow us to this fandom.
Still don't know why the pimps broke up though. According to in the weekend 6, nikson is branded a traitor.
Cool, I'm also following the pimp on his discord.
Did you name yourself Nikon Bonnie after that famous fnaf content creator
Just asking?
Ha
In a collosal universes
Isn't it a small world.
A long time ago, I thought I was the only person who wasnt ukraine who knew about symphogear. Then I found the wiki and discord. Now I have people to talk about this.
Because I consider it my only time.
I think I can. In fact they are the only people who know about this anime. My parents don't even know about it. I just refer to it as my secret anime.
But the people that are my friends say that they are lucky to know me.
I also aren't good with social skills
I have autistic traits and my anxiety gets the better of me sometimes.
I have good friends and a family that loves me very much so I know I'll never be alone.
And yet I wake up every single day knowing the world can be ugly but also the most beautiful you could ever experience.
I screw up all the time. Even at home. I just keep making the same mistakes over and over again.
Maybe thats why I'm afraid of making friends. Cause I'm always afraid of doing something that will push them away that will make me regret even more.
Please could no one post any madoka magica stuff please?
Yeah we should.
Wonder woman did it first and I prefer her movie.
I get bad memories when I remember madoka. It actually gave me depression.
OH No not that name please.
If there is one actress I dislike its Brie Larson.
OH GOD NO. NOT HER.
Sarah conner
I have problems with racists, sexist and homophobic as I believe there behaviour is not appropriate in society.
It will be if I'm around
<@256945399338631168> like this show, cause I love all of the girls.
I just want them to treat it normal, but they have to treat it like a big deal. In deadpool 2, there was a gay couple between yukio and nega sonic teenage warhead and treat it as normal.
Don't want to say.
I not right-wing, I just get so angry sometimes, that some media these days is getting affected by politics.
I just want to go back to the days when women being heroine was just normal. Not where everyone treat it like a big deal like captain marvel.
OH NO, DAMMIT.
As a citizen from the British isles. VIVA LA REVALUATION.
I prefer not to say.
Brie Larson makes comment that offend me personally.
Check this out:
https://cosmicbook.news/spider-man-deal-7-movies-avengers?amp
NOT COMING BACK TO SERIOUS DISSUSSION, THIS MEANT FOR PEOPLE WHO TAKE THIS MATTER SERIOUSLY. AND I THINK IM JUST BEING CHILDISH.
Rakhi I don't know what to do.
And is spreading lies.
Problem is.. he is most likely protected.
True, then we have to make him face justice.
I care about the planet SO MUCH that I would kill one man just to save it.
Sorry, nobody has talked about for 3 weeks and he's been covering it up.
Basically this president is deliberately burning the forests for land and slaughtering Amazonians as he believes they are beneath them.
Also he is very alt-right, if someone killed him I would have no trouble praising the man.
Thanos: I have to kill the Brazilian president so then the burning will stop
Gamora: You don't know that.
Thanos: I'm only one who knows that.
THE END IS NEAR. #THANOS WAS RIGHT.
If people ignore this, then there won't be no rainforest left which means carbon levels will rise, ice caps will melt and then the human race is crippled by freak weather patterns and major floods.
We need to do something, cause If that goes, we are all dead.
Is anybody gonna talk about the rainforest.
No more must go into this.
I don't but I did cry this year.
<@138380189741744128> i have.
Indeed I've been suffering from anxiety so badly this week that I cause inflammation in my stomach lining.
Unless there is more dr Phil.
I don't anymore.
True, especially when one of those 100 million people is me.
And I was a month old.
To this day, even after 18 years, it still feels like it wasn't that long ago.
I stand on equality.
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
I remember a video with 1 million dislike.
I suppose it wasn't legal.
It is a very wide spectrum.
I have autistic traits.
The earth have come back from this.
There have been 8 mass extinction
The floods will kill us before we kill it.
The earth is our god and it will envoke it's wrath soon.
Humans have a right to live. But they should respect the rock they live on otherwise, they will perish.
Things like this should be balanced as all things should be.
I'm in the middle, I'm willing to hear both sides.
Far right or far left are not good.
Do you mean the left.
But I can't change them.
I hate bigots.
That's bullshit.
But that's not the same.
Damn
That's religist.
I don't judge people based on their skin colour or culture. I judge them on their personality.
Good.
Don't have Twitter.
I think I would know.
I'm not racist
Whose to say we didn't create our own afterlife
Because human belief is quite powerful.
All that matters is that you or i believe it.
We don't need evidence.
I'm broken, just so broken.
There must be a heaven, I believe it.
Belief is special. Don't ever lose it.
True immortality comes from us being remembered.
And all of this is in vain when you realise that everything that everybody does is pointless as the universe will expand with nothing left in it meaning none of this will exist.
We try to say we are better but we are just like dogs.
All of humanity behaviour is very animalistic.
I guess we do live in a world of understanding. Because everyone understand fear.
Nobody wants that.
We cheated.
Humans just cheated the food chain.
We were created by nature itself.
Because aren't we natural.
It always does because it is in a goldilocks zone.
Lucifer is the most sympathetic out of all the devil's.
Only you can believe where paradise is.
God always knew they would
Just the new.
The old testament.
It's why I don't believe.
God in old testament is inconsistent.
Then we will just fuck off from this universe and move to another.
It just inevitable.
Eventually we will become god.
Then got bored.
A celestial being who created this universe put of curiosity.
If he does exist, he most likely lives outside our universe.
We give up hope, we lose everything. That's why i'm never giving up. NEVER.
And keeps demons at bay.
The devil isn't evil, he just punishes evil.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massacre_of_Glencoe
This is part of my ancestors history, the day they failed to keep one clan safe from another.
I could litterally tell you about any dinosaur that haven't been recently discovered.
It why I call myself dinoboyo.
It's what led me to try and become a paleotologist. It's more of an obsession to understand these fantastic creatures.
Ok, actually I go nuts over fossils and dinosaurs.
Because my love for this show getting on creepy.
Do any of you think im messed up?
Being there is the most important part.
I don't know.
I'm having one next week and I'm joining.
Tomorrow.
I need to go to the gunwarf quey to go get some underpants.
You a good person, armados, I wish there were more people like you.
Yeah and now I'm just deconstructing myself.
This was all secondary school.
That scissor story is true. I could also tell you about the time someone try to kill me with a chair
I should get rid of all of this, it just a mess. I guess that what happens when  your sleep deprivated.
Basically I've had a good life with a loving and supportive family but I've had some pretty shitty moments that have impacted me deeply due to my autism.
Also funny story.....I got tripped by someone and then I called them an asshole then he tried to stabbed me with a pair of scissors chasing me all across secondary school.
After someone saved me by disarming him, I went and told someone about it and then he got expelled.
I also might exaggerate a bit.
Also I'm not very good at hiding stuff so it basically my fault if he finds it.
And me who got bullied and betrayed at secondary school so now i can't trust anyone.
Your brother is a lazy jerk who thinks he is better than everyone else... sometimes, it comes and goes.
Your dad has dibetes and has to look after mum.
Which is Multiple sclerosis.
Life can be stressful for everyone especially when your Mum has MS.
My grandad Henderson is different. He is just an ass.
14.
But I never got violent.
We are very petty.
He use to do it to me.
But he is an ass sometimes unlike my grandad who is an ass all the time.
Also Miso I wouldn't get out of his room.
Also my parents aren't that bad, they are very supportive of my dream to be paleotologist. Also it wasn't Mum who mocked me.
He wasn't like this.
Basically Angus is going through pubety and he has a short temper.
He is the most annoying person in my life and recently when I annoyed him by going into his room he kicked me in the balls.
He knows I have a secret and he knows that if he pushes the right buttons, he'll find out.
Angus is my little brother and he is good with computers so if I write a fanfic online, he's gonna find it.
When I watched MLP, they mocked me.
Basically, it's not people, it's my family, they don't know about this show as I've been a closet about this show. I don't want them to think less of me by watching this show.
It was secondary school that was hell.
Primary school was great.
I don't know either by mistake or because I don't want to feel hurt or betrayed again.
But I always seem push people away.
And I try....I try so hard.
I just don't know how to talk to people.
Fuck mine too.
True.
I knew what you were trying to say.
They try and make it sound like a disease.
And people don't understand you.
When you're autistic, you think differently
Apart from Mrs warren.
They were nice, it was a joke name.
It was the teachers.
When you're called Annoying Archie for most of your primary school and the only friends you have are other autistics.
I've been running away for a long time.
However the difference is Boris is insane , trump is an idiot.
Poor man's trump.
Let justice do what is needed.
Me too.
I was almost attacked by another kid with scissors at secondary school.
I know a lot of girls in my lifetime but I don't think they understood me....they always thought I was this weird kid who pretended to be a dinosaur.
I met her in primary school in year 5.
Her name was Abby and she was amazing.
Because.....Because.....The best parts of her reminded me of someone I cared for a lot.
I know why I grew attached to miku.
I'm grade 5.
I do violin in an orchestra.
Also I wouldn't call her my "one true love".
I don't want to talk about it anymore.
Ok, dude.
I don't want to.
Miku.
The thing that made me come back to this series every time.
The hardest one is letting "her" go.
But addiction is hard and getting off discord and off this series is going to be hard.
It is......its time to end this chapter of my life.....time to start a new chapter. And who knows, it may even better than the last one.
But I'm putting down my foot and drawing a line in the sand.
Maybe post some fanfic when i have the time.
After a week when symphogear is over. I think I may need to get off discord. I'm not saying this because I want sympathy points.....I'm saying this because I'm addicted to this place and I need to focus on my studies in order to become what I always dreamt of becoming....I'll come back during the live to see if there is anything new.
I thought I didn't need friends......But I was wrong...I was so fucking wrong.
I try to keep myself from other people because I didn't want to be hurt by other people again but now.....I can't live without people.
Until Live that is.
Just not coming here anymore.
I don't intend on deleting my self from the server.
Still got one more.
I'm not leaving yet.
I said a week after Ep 13.
Anyone want to join me.
I'm going back to <#431914167826382860>
They can help me.
I have ASDAC.
I have a purpose again.
I already am very happy and being away from my home after being stuck there for 3 months.
I've done things on this server I'm not proud of.
No seriously.
Yeah thanks for the advice.
I don't need actual therapy.
Yep she was like that.
At college about it.
I already talked about it to someone.
15 to be precise.
But I know he is proud of me for getting to the place I dreamt of for so many years.
I just wanted to talk about it....I guess.
Not because of grandad.
I wanted to leave the server for a different reason.
Sorry, uh.
Took me 6 months
Eventually.
I moved past it.
No....I don't need it anymore
The worst is that grandma now has to live in that house...... alone.
Oh god I'm crying.
I knew I should I should have taken any chance to see him.
I knew grandad days were numbered as he had dementia.
I wasn't there because i was revising for my mock exam.
No new years party.
House.
I was at home with my brother whilst everyone else was preparing for the party at my grandma and grandad.
It because.....that day was the 31st January 2018.
No i was at his funeral....And that day was hard.
But you know what the worst part was....I wasn't there.
My grandad.
I lost someone.....very close to me.
The beginning of the year wasn't a good one for me.
Sorry I droned on.
Brexit is still happening 3 fucking years after we voted.
To be honest.
Our government is a joke at this point.
I'm getting fed up with Brexit
Sorry.........forgot that.
Or Norway
It's weird.
Those places are the best places to live.
Unfountunately.
Which is impossible.
Because humans are a selfish race.
I haven't deleted anything.
Which is impossible.
I rather prefer a balanced between freedom and order.
That's true.
Communism isn't good either.
Some politicians are saying the EU is becoming more communistic.
The EU is turning into something very bad.
I would rather prefer to be out of the EU.
And eventually it's all going to crumble.
Everything is being seen from my point of view.
Except it's like the world is using me as it's eyes and ears.
Cause I don't want that.
I feel like sometimes the world is revolved around me and that scares me.
Yes they were, opium.
It's litterally in the word.
History is a story
Anything can be a story.
You are all protagonists of your own story.
Everyone is real.
Did I write don't instead of didn't
This time is different.
Yes
I don't want to have a mental breakdown today.
Don't start.
YES
Yes all of you exist.
Also protagonist can be villains.
More fun than playing the hero.
I just act the villain sometimes because playing the villain is fun.
No that's what ever evil version of me is out there.
Noooooooooooooo
I'm a protagonist
Oh god I just realised.
That what I have.
That what I'm feeling.
Like that except everyone is real.
I can't explain it properly
Umm
I've decided to do it.
No
No
He understands.
Yeah.
Batwoman is an example.
Political correctness.
In my opinion, I think people are using PC culture as an excuse to tell bad stories.
There are a lot of these
I found a review on there:
I Can't read the reviews.
Yeah there are always agendas. Right wing or left wing.
Don't trust news articles these days.
Not everyone is.
Are they all male.
On which site.
How many people.
That's stupid.
Yes.
The character was always gay, I have no complaints about that.
But......these days.
I just want good characters like Sarah Conner was.
Acting is bad too.
Writing is bad.
She is like carol, a bland piece of wood.
I want good characters and that's not what Kate is.
I wasn't trying to, but I feel nothing for the show. I don't care about these characters and that makes me sad.
And it's audience score is 89%
Joker critic score is 68%.
14% Audience score.
It's a boring show.....like really boring.
I don't know.
Since 2005.
She been a lesbian for 10 years.
It's more than that.
Nah, it's pretty good.
The fact that everything she says is cringe.
But modern batwoman is a pretty cool character in the comics.
Yeah
So now I don't want to.
Yeah, and you all hated it.
Neither.
Cause he will find you either way.
It why you don't ghost him
Samuel l Jackson is way more intimidating.
And for us.
It worked out for him in the end.
Marvel was not doing well at the time so they signed a deal with him that he could play nick fury for any future marvel movies.
Then sam tried to sue marvel for using his image.
Scorscasi was right.
They have abused the art of filmmaking.
And it makes something beautiful and makes it soulless.
It's a soulless place.
The real problem is Hollywood then.
Pc culture isn't bad, I support it.
I give up.
Until time itself no longer exists.
But we will be forgotten to the sands of time.
And carry on.
The earth will recover.
Saving life on earth is more of the correct way of saying it.
It will be destroyed when the sun turns into a red giant.
Yeah we can't really save earth.
So......
Earth will be destroyed in 4 billion years.
At least we can try to do our part because at least then we tried.
He is hilarious but he also makes valid points.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=VduY8Z_C-i8
I found out through russel Howard.
That's when you know it's bad.
Even terrorist are doing there own thing to save the planet
Can I blame global warming for this.
Just be careful alright
Are you okay?
Oh my god.
Yeah, I just over reacted then.
There all corrupt pigs.
All parties need to go.
I'm getting sick and tired of it.
It's been 4 years and it still going on.
Can we talk about brexit and how frustrating it is.
That's disgraceful.
I found out that 40% of railways in the UK don't have disabled access.
I mean they are the party that started the NHS.
Who do you think the best party is then?
Sorry.
Anymore.
I just don't care.
This conversation is over.
What?
Failed to get brexit done quickly.
Look, they've failed us.
I don't know.
But......
No
They certain made us feel like that
It frustrating that our democracy is failing.
Yes.
Doesn't mean I want to do it.
I said feel.
At this point, I feel like going royalist.
No.
I've seen them behave like that.
I just can't deal with them acting like children anymore.
It's every party.
I found it here.
Also evidence about the women's trousers.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pYUUrarggYA&t=103s
I can't deal with this shit storm anymore
I'm done.
None.
WTF.
Because he can't get an errection.
Also one of their benefactors funds them because he believes they will ban women's trousers.
But that like from 2014.
Especially when one of their objectives were to legalise guns.
All three of them including UKIP
Hold on, I'm trying to remember.
They are being idiots.
The conservatives and Labour party are pathetic.
Yeah the second people realise it, they will tear it down.
I don't want that.
Yeah, wrong comparison.
Like a communist state.
Because at this point, the EU is becoming more controlling.
I want to leave the EU.
I want to go.
And live there.
I do want to go to Canada.
Yeah
Celt.
Either lose out identity or lose our economy.
Yeah, there no right answer to this, is there.
I didn't mean to.
No I'm sorry.
I was 15.
Eventually causing an entire collapse of our entire country.
Even In 2016, I always thought brexit would cause so many problems.
That's true.
Yeah.
Its been 4 years.
And maybe the liberal democrats.
I forgot to say, except the conservatives.
I will vote for anyone who can get brexit done quicker.
What happened to me.
I think I'm biased.
He's a good comedian and makes good points.
HOW FUCKING DARE YOU.
This was said by a conservative.

Rather than those who think that sustainable housing would make more labour voters.
No, I do prefer that the country is run by people like you and I.
What happened to article 15?
British politics is so complicated.
Cause I care more about the entirety of nature rather than humans.
If it were younger me, I would vote green party.
No not boris
I need to think aboutwho I need to vote on in December.
Which then caused a lot of problems.
We are kind of surprised too.
That takes a decade to do.
I don't.
It's just that I think I'm a idiot.
Did I create a mess?
Ah, I said something wrong didn't I.
Me too I'm a socialist.
They take more than they should.
Humans are greedy.
I prefer socalism too.
My views are complicated.
At All.
I haven't even voted yet.
Yeah, i don't want to stay in the EU.
And I should leave politics to the experts and I should stick to what I know which is nature.
Yeah...so all in all British politics is complicated.
Me too.
It doesnt have to be everyone just someone.
Everybodies unique and so are you.
I don't think so.
Nobodies a nobody.
Good words of advice
But reality is far more different.
Yeah, but we put them on pedestals and think they are better than humans.
Because some are really terrible people that have committed terrible acts.
I think the saying don't meet your idols is true.
Or forget about it completly.
Hope one day it will come back to me.
Now all I can do is hope.
Because it was too special.
I don't think I will ever get over it.
Now I'm dealing with consequences of that action.
I guess it's because it was so special to me that nothing could ever replace it.
But with this, it's been two whole months and I still want more.
Because it's weird even after a show has been cancelled or has ended, I move on.
Maybe because I didn't get the closure.
Why do I make baseless conjecture about this?
I don't want to go with the Libs and I don't want to go with conservatives.
Should I vote for Labour. I mean zero tuition fee.
Depends of how long it takes or if it will ever come back.
It could one day but by the time that happens, will I give a shit anymore.
I guess me mithering about it probably returning was because I was trying to deny the fact that it was truly over.
And when they ended, I was left with nothing.
It seems college work and symphogear had one thing in common it seems.
They gave me purpose.
And it all started after I finished my exams.
Then I was just left with a weird feeling in my chest which I hadn't felt since July.
That didn't stop until the Sunday after episode 13 came out.
Especially after I read what miku had said in episode 1.
Then the other problem came after episode 4 came out.
Then they stopped completely when XV came out.
I also wasn't comfortable around grandma around that time.
Well me being an idiot decided it was a good idea to watch madoka magica that day as I had never fully watched it or understood it.
Boy was that an idiotic mistake I made.
And you know about grandad.
When my grandma was just coming around to look after me and my brother.
These headaches started back in June.
So, uh
Yeah, we'll deal with it once we deal with brexit.
So I can't help change that.
But it is not in my country.
Indeed.
Well, this sucks.
I'm not mad at them, just........dissapointed.
So the first one then.
I don't want to live in this country anymore.
Either our country is full of idiots or few of my generation voted.
Meant nothing now
I voted Labour.
I'm sorry WTF.
Viva la revolution
No, I want to live.
Oh boy....fearmongering
World war 3 has been trending on Twitter.
Oh trust me, he won't.
I mean thanos would be happy.
Yep but it does clean up the planet.
And far cry new dawn.
It would be more like far cry 5
Yeah, the aftermath wouldn't go like fallout.
If it does happen.
I don't want to get conscripted.
Well.....we don't like Russia.
I think so.
Would it be nuclear?
How much innocent blood has to be spilt before everyone does what they should have done from the beginning....talk.
I know, I'm scared of WW3 happening.
No wait....It died years ago.
So this is how democracy dies.
Also he's a businessman.
I just want to live happily and peacefully.
They are pointless in the grand scheme of things.
I'm  not interested in power or money.
Why?
Sorry. I couldn't resist
I AM THE SENATE
Get him out of that office.
I agree with you.
Also now I am a dick.
I mean I have other problems with voice actors such as Sean Schmel
Good
So it was Tumblr being Tumblr.
I need to stop being petty.
Yeah you're right.
Before I make myself look even dumber to you.
There is no right answer, I'm gonna shut up now.
It does when she gets money from you buying products.
The law won't do anything about it.
And..... symphogear is now tarnished.

I saw some thing about aoi yuki on Tumblr recently.
Ahhhhh I'm being abducted.
The world is better off without idiots in charge.
If it did exist.
Wipe out the idiots like me.
What if they say " world war 3 is happening" and no one wants to fight even if conscription happens.
I full of star wars references today.
Let the past die.
Time to burn it all down.
Trump doesn't believe in it.
Except the universe will end except one of my physicist believe that we will be a level 4 or 5 civilization by then so we will just leave this universe.
Would not want to get abducted by them.
Unless they were fascist aliens.
People don't care or are too afraid.
Music
Finding fossils.
Yeah we are.
Man I wish SHEM HA was real.
Well if they are better than humanity.
Me too.
Yeah, there might not even be anything that is as complex as us.
It's better now.
Hasn't been like this since october
My body is acting strange again.
Otherwise I might just force them.
Hopefully we leave on Friday.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/technology-51240785
The Dark continent.
Imagine if Europe turns out like it does in symphogear ~~which isn't a stretch really~~.
WW3 is getting closer
Like communism
Which it is.
That's what happens when you try to control a wild beast that is Europe.
Great.
Forgot about the facism
Oh no.
I thought they were becoming a state anyway.
Damn it, forgot to add quotation marks.
But what can I say, i feed off chaos.
"I mean I wanted too".
Students at my hall are partying.
Well looks like we are out.
Not unless I use time stop to punch it SO HARD that when I unfreeze time it will shoot into the sky and go through the moon.
Throw a road roller at it and it will disappear.
WRYYYYYYYYYYY
Now everyone will know what symphogear is.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=W_m_a1rPCus
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lOO8Um_jmLI
Music is the weapon of the future.
But the music is still awesome.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YKD4M03qdHQ
From a divisive tv show.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-JvKTo8YMM4
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hqbS7O9qIXE
Ever heard of soft and wet.
|| https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kKGmZN06lBI ||
Hydra is dead
Summers as gonna be so boring now.
We get spoiled too much.
At least we get to see them one last time.
Me too
Because if anything takes place after that, it's going to be very hard.
I think shinai 4 will be post XV, just not post end credit scene.
With Chris graduation party and at the end of the party hibiki and miku go off to see the shooting stars.
Shinai 4 will take post XV
Then shinai 3 will take place during SHEM HA incident.
I also bet it's noble red.
When do you think shinai 2 will take place.
Would never have known.
It was a gift.
Also we now know how Chris for her XV outfit.
And die.
Then I will probably fall down them by accident.
Listening to rock and roll part 2.
Then I dance down the stairs.
Now 1/4 Is done.
I've watched it.
 we got to see Chris's party yayyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
What did they say.
Do you mean for the Shinai.
Wait what.
Just tried to use the same thing here.
I just saw a pattern with previous ones.
I don't know, we will have to see.
Although some of this might be right.
Yeah
I don't know what will happen but this is how I picture the episodes.
You know in the song camp.
Actually they might have a miku scene in Shinai 4.
Simply it just gives me the answer I wanted.
You may be asking why would I want this?
Mine is ~~we find out the status of the symphogears and it turns out they are destroyed~~.
I have a unpopular idea and it's most likely to not appear in shinai 4.
I didn't mean all noble red.
With possible scenes from the other girls.
BD 3 could have NR and SHEM HA but also carol/ elfnein.
I should have been more clear on BD 2, it could be a mixture of noble red with new scenes from the girls shopping trip and karaoke.
Does anyone agree with me?
And the last scene will be with miku and hibiki walking down the street after the party and see the stars in the sky and deciding to go and watch them.
And for shinai 4, I want to see Chris's graduation party.
I hope shinai 3 will have SHEM HA. I need more deep voice Yuka.
I also believe Shinai 2 will mostly be with Vanessa, Elsa and......Milarc.
I'm predicting that:
Shinai 2 takes during XV 3-4
Shinai 3 takes place during XV 10
And shinai 4 takes place after XV 13 but before the second post credit scene.
Seeing as Shinai 1 took place during XV 1-2.
But I think it is unavailable in our country.
It is now available on symphogear's youtube channel.
https://m.vk.com/video-34718069_456239405
Yes.
https://m.vk.com/video-34718069_456239407
<@331936441347211265>
It untranslated but here is the full video link of episode 3 of XV shinai. 
One more to go.
Not yet I think.
I wonder what XV shinai 2 will be like.
I mean they can go in my home just not my room.
