dess_timely
Nice! Cure Sword was one of my favorite Doki Doki characters
<:GermainPeace:689397094666076171>
Comedy gold
Same
I completely forgot that brs was a thing
I watched the OVA first and really enjoyed it. I haven’t watched all of the anime but I’d say that it’s good from what I watched so far
Are talking about the OVA or the anime? Or both?
Same here actually
~~You feel it too don't you?~~

<:KirikaDess:336656774251806720>
I’m liking it a lot thus far so we’ll see how things go from here. I think I’m almost halfway through.
> Didn't expect to find any other PreCure fans here. Glad you enjoyed Doki Doki as well!
<@!262326868366065664>  

I actually got into Precure recently and Doki Doki is the season I’m watching right now. It’s been very fun so far.
Oooooooooooo, that's good.
I need to get around to watching StrikerS myself
I watched all of it in a day
Oh I didn’t
Gotcha
Wait never mind
Wait so are the 3rd and 4th movies in a separate continuity? I haven’t watched StrikerS yet
For me I watched the 1st movie and then went on to watching all of S2.
I tend to forget about RWBY until they announce a new season so...<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
https://twitter.com/star_orange_x/status/1318216745245499399?s=21
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/77278175
https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/84022528
<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
For me it's just that I've got my hands full with P5 and Yakuza 0 so it's hard to balance those out
I played it recently. I think I got to the 6 hour mark. It's really fun!
<:GermainPeace:689397094666076171>
The world may never know...
Cuuuuuuuuuuute
<:MikuExcited:738174629251907594>
https://twitter.com/debidebisan/status/1347209118285660161?s=21
I never knew I needed that in my life until now <:MikuCute:672908542763859968>
<:TsubasaJoy:688191716620238870>
I can’t get over how adorable all the new Fu Hua fan art has been recently
<:MikuExcited:738174629251907594>
Huh
Cuuuuuuuute
The costumes are based off the lead ranger and sixth ranger from the latest Super Sentai season
How so?
I hope goes well. I can definitely understand why stuff like that can lead to some awkwardness
<:KirikaAYAYA:588101498026721367>
Not to mention I feel like I meet so many new people a day that it becomes hard to keep track of their names or how hard it is to balance trying to socialize with people and constantly keeping track of my work.
Oh, don’t get me wrong, I can still become acquainted with others easily and I try to be as friendly towards them as possible. I guess It’s just hard to find people in my college that hold the same interests as I do or aren’t as extraverted as most of the people I’ve met so far.
I’m attending college right now and there are lots of times where I can feel exceptionally lonely. I definitely have friends here and there, but whenever I try hanging out with them they’re usually busy with school work. Personally, that’s completely understandable but I do wish that I could find more people that I can relate to.
I don’t really trust them at all so...
Wait, really?
😦
It’s actually not that bad once you get used to some basic breathing exercises. I’ve actually read a few books about Taoism and how the concepts can improve your lifestyle. If anything I wish I implemented them a bit more day to day, but those practices got me through some tough times through high school so I’d say it’s worth a shot.
That’s unfortunate. Honestly, I do try to meditate every once in a while to relieve stress but I really need to do it more often. That’s just my experience though
What makes you say that?
I was actually in a similar situation when I went to a comic store near my college. One of the clerks insisted that I should buy one of the latest Marvel volumes on sale and had gone on a rant about how the store might go out of business if they couldn’t get attract any more customers and that the jump in pricing by comic publishers negatively affected them. I kinda felt bad for the guy but I still think he really should have approached me differently. I can definitely see why you would feel uncomfortable there
I like to think of it as a necessary evil type of thing
But again that’s kind of a part of life
Yeah, I know. I guess a good way of putting it is that even if my stats are decent and I recognize that I DO have strengths in areas that other players struggle with, my own commitment to 100% a game and try getting more out of the content available leads me to discover new weaknesses in my stats that aren’t always as easy to work around
That’s what I ALSO keep trying to tell myself but funnily enough I always end up looping back around to that thought process whenever something like say 9/11 is brought up.  It’s something that I’m trying to ease up on lately but with how hard I can be on myself it kinda feels like a constant balancing act of sorts. Well,  good progress edges out perfection any day so I guess that’s all that matters really
I’m sorry for going a bit off topic here, but it’s times like these that kinda make me wonder what exactly I’m doing with my life. Like, in the midst of this Coronavirus stuff, and all the other political events happening in the US, I just feel kinda ignorant about it all. I dunno, it’s just that sometimes it feels like no matter how much I socialize with people or how good my grades are in school a part of me always feels...lacking in some way. I can’t exactly describe it in words but sometimes it feels like I still need to live up to my full potential, even if it’s something small like misplacing my water bottle or not talking to Person X at the school Dining Hall. I guess I’m just trying my best to be well rounded Idk
So what happens now?
How did that go?
Sounds about right
Like, seriously detrimental
True, recessions are inevitable but I’m just curious as to whether or not it’ll be detrimental to us
But we’ve been technically“recovering” from the 2008 financial crisis for a decade now
Well, yeah
Isn’t the US showing signs of heading into a recession?
Well that’s just wonderful
Again, what we’re the benefits supposed to be again!?
Oh, ok
Wait, why are people dying again?
Thanks, I appreciate it
Well, because of how terrifying our world has become, it’s only natural that people will feel some level of anxiety, stress or even depression. I personally want to create stories and scripts that can be used to relieve some of that anxiety and try to make people feel somewhat at ease. Even if what I write is complete garbage or completely ridiculous, I still want it to affect people in a meaningful way
That’s kinda why I want to become a screenwriter
Exactly!
I guess what I’m trying to say is that yes, life sucks and the world we live in is inherently flawed, but we can still work towards making the experience more tolerant
I guess I can relate to that in a way. Personally whenever I feel like that, I always remind myself that no matter how much of an undeniable failure I think I am, I still managed to become a better person than I was in the past. I understand that it can be hard to deal with failure whether it’s from schoolwork or emotional turmoil but at this point I view it as another strange part of life. Sure not everything is life is all sunshine and rainbows now, but by working to accomplish your goals or get better at a particular subject, you’ll be able to get a sense of fulfillment out of the experience and possibly even learn something from it
I don’t blame you tbh but maybe try looking into what interests you. You may find like-minded people there
Well that’s good. Have you joined any clubs yet? I’m personally really liking my Esports club
Well, do you at least have people you feel you can relate to or rely on?
Huh, small world I guess. My dad urging me to go out and explore NYC or lecturing me about how to overcome my anxiety or being taking the opportunity to be more social with my peers didn’t exactly help either.
It wasn’t until Junior year that I grew out of that way of thinking and realized that while my classmates were lacking in certain areas, they could also be capable of making music, singing, acting, and other stuff I really wish I spent more time on back then. Meanwhile, I was struggling to keep my grades in check and realized that I should open up to more people because of how different they are from me. Granted I’m still pretty selective about who I associate myself with but I think I definitely hold people in a bit higher regard than before
For years I had a similar superiority complex to people who I felt were annoying and obnoxious during middle school and the beginning of high school. Since I was a model student back then and despised the loud and grating behavior of my peers (who, like me, had learning disabilities and were on the spectrum) anyone who didn’t like the same things as me were internally labeled as shallow, stupid, or “just a part of the background” in my mind
Finally, something I can relate to. (I mean comparing yourself to more experienced people and not the crazy YouTuber)
<:MariaNo:672658725986762764>
Wait, politicians actually dab? That might be the scariest piece of news I’ve heard all month
Agreed. I’m still unsure about my thoughts on it myself
I was just curious
Okay, makes sense
What exactly is LGBT Pride and what makes it so meaningful?
Yeah, I didn’t realize it at first but in hindsight I wish I could have spoken up about it. Actually, do you mind if I ask a question?
Interestingly enough, someone had actually wanted to create an LGBT Education/Pride club but it was grew unpopular due to people on the Student Council wanting everyone to be treated “equally”. I attended some of the meetings just to see what it was all about but it didn’t last long
I don’t really think it’s irrational at all. In fact, it took quite a while for some of my friends to come out to me that they were gay.
Hi freeeeeeeeeeeend
Getting the chance to honestly speak your mind here is what <#336297840529899522> is all about after all
Just....why?
No comment
There are a few people in my residence hall that I chat with from time to time
Same here
My Dad always tells me that it’s important to make connections with people via social networking but sometimes I feel as if it conflicts with how introverted I am.
Exactly. There are also times where I say hi to someone, walk away, then awkwardly walk back up to them to ask how they’re doing. Sometimes I’m really curious as to how other people perceive that behavior...
<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
I hate those moments where I want to approach someone I know in the dining halls or in the hallways but I constantly ignore them because I have no idea what to say or what to even discuss to keep the conversation going
Yes, yes it absolutely is
Lots of it
I’m kinda the opposite in the sense where I try to be as polite and objective as possible when asking about opinions but when I do argue about something I’m prone to lose patience easily. It depends on the subject though
What matters is that you’re getting better
That’s unsettling
Same here. Your presence is always welcome
That and rampant police brutality
That... actually kinda sums up why I don't have faith in the police in general really
Oh, then nevermind me then
<@284390402210136064> Oh, don’t get me wrong I don’t disagree with you. I’m just trying to consider the reasoning behind these kinds of behaviors (I’m not sure how well I’m doing on that front)
Which is yet another reason why intent is important to take into account when it comes to these types of things
I guess what I’m trying to say is that the intent behind those actions may play a role in us changing our views on how those actions are perceived.
For example, most people would say that killing someone is inherently wrong. An “evil” action. But if a police officer were to kill a school shooter or was forced into it due to people’s lives being in danger than that completely changes how we view that action.
But again, it depends on the context
As in, you believe certain actions a person can take as being “evil” right? If so then I agree
Just to clarify, who are we referring to as “them” exactly?
Anxiety disorders are also becoming more and more common
Sounds about right.
Or at least, how it's being utilized is "evil" correct?
The word "evil" while it may come across as superficial in my eyes (especially nowadays) still has its uses, albeit only in very extreme scenarios of violence or tragedy. This is just my opinion though
But a fair punishment of some kind is necessary
I can definitely relate to that a lot. I understand all too well that playing the role of “spectator” in that sense is pretty hard. Especially, when it’s something that matters deeply to you. 

Don’t beat yourself over it though. No use in blaming yourself for things outside of your control. I’m sure you’re a good person, especially since you seem to be taking a stand to make your case heard.
Ditto
Well, that’s reassuring at least. I guess I just never got the appeal
This may sound silly, ||but I have no actual experience with porn. In my high school years I mostly got off on NSFW fan art I found on Deviantart and that actually looking into it would be...too embarrassing for me to live it down to say the least. Is it actually worth looking into?.|| Idk
It almost makes me feel bad in a way
<@456226577798135808> Couldn’t agree with you more
<@!302063351767498752> If anything the incest themes in SAO or Goblin Slayer are more for shock value than anything else.
Politicians talking about anime is extremely bizarre in general
Oh dear
<:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
<@!302063351767498752> As I was saying, it's important to branch out to other people IRL. I'm not really great with social skills either (I'm probably one of the most awkward people I know tbh) but having a person that you can connect with on some level is still a step in the right direction. The person doesn't exactly have to be the nicest or the most ideal, but he/she should at least be able to find common ground with your values.
~~A Sex-Ed class could fall under that category~~
What would the material be on exactly? And wouldn't this just be more akin to a class on Human Decency than anything else?
Well, that explains it
That's probably for the better
Why???
They should be I think
<:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
Thanks!
Awwwwwwwww
<@203444794737950720> If it helps at all I kinda feel the same way
It's not as uncommon as you might think ~~Laughs in social awkwardness~~
Okay, so just to clarify, what do you think is the problem here?
Because that's fine
No need to be so harsh here. Do you just think you aren't comfortable sharing stuff like that yet?
No harm done there
All you have to do is ask really
Well, why is that exactly? Is it because you feel like your friends wouldn't relate to those things?
It's all a matter of what you choose to share with those people
Everyone has they're own experiences that are worth talking about
Exactly! I love Tokusatsu and Fighting Games and I managed to find people that I'm comfortable talking with
But it does provide you with something you can look into
Well, it's not like everything in life can be appealing
It's also difficult when you it feels like you should be informed of said topics, but can't because you're just not informed enough. You can definetely add onto what is being said from your own POV but I can understand if it becomes difficult to add anything interesting to certain conversations. Not to say that you should strive to do that in everything you talk about in life though.
I think
He showed up in the first few episodes of S1
Ah
I concur
Yeah, just try aiming for something small. Achievable, but small
Do you have a planner or a calendar you can use?
See, you're already  thinking of taking steps to connect with people!
That sounds good
The question is, what steps do you plan on taking to try and resolve it?
Especially nowadays
However, I do think that it's still important to make an honest to goodness effort to reach out to people in order to acheive a sense of familiarity
Because I feel almost the exact same way
Absolutely not
What rady said
Do you have anyone in mind right now?
It's 3:58PM for me
I get pretty easily distracted too, but reading an engaging book lessens that somewhat
Everything would become meaningless
At the very least, it teaches you not to make the same mistake twice
Yeah, but sometimes that's just how life is.
I forgot to mention that
Precisely!
Just like you can turn one bad day into a great one with the right attitude
Something like that
Precisely.
That's the spirit!
~~Sometimes I really wish I could take my own advice when it comes to stuff like this~~
Ditto my guy.
It's important to keep a nice balance between that stuff, and the relationships and current events that are happening IRL
<@!266379640069685252> Dude, you have no IDEA how relatable that is to me. Still, it's important to acknowledge that relying solely on your escapes in life (Anime/Gaming) can only do so much to help you.
That's a start
Ye
Well, the serious one
Oh, me? I was just trying to allude to our previous DM conversation
No problem! The feeling’s mutual
That’s on them, NOT on you
Trust me when I say that no one here will blame you for expressing those feelings. If it’s something you’ve addressed with them that is continually ignored, then I think it’s only natural that you distance yourself from them for a bit.
Well, I’m really sorry to hear that. You still have other friends to hang out with yeah?
And this has happened more often right?
Wait, you’re birthday came up recently?
It’s probably for the best that you broke ties with them, but that still sounds very painful.
Just remember, it’s all about the progress, not perfection
<@!266379640069685252> That sounds great!
Same
I'm more of a fan of Fanta
I don't have a preference really
I barely find time to do that at all sooooooooo...
Well, yes
Oh hello Emily
But even if the candidates are establishment Dems, it’s still up to the voters to decide whether or not those candidates are appealing
In the end though, it’s up to the voters to determine who represents the party though.
In that case, it’s all the more important to at least try to stay informed with what’s happening then
You mean in the sense that you’re giving something valuable to people less fortunate than you?
True, but there’s always room for ulterior motives
I was talking about denying that money can be superfluous
I’m not denying that
Oh absolutely
Money isn’t the most important part of society from a moral or social perspective, but you cannot deny that it’s necessary
Because money is used in exchange for valuable necessities.
Making a profit is the end goal of any corporation, but it all depends on how they do their business.
If anything that just makes the power that voters do have in the US all the more important
No need to apologize
Yes
If anything, wealth is often passed down to the next generation
Tbf, some of the most powerful people I know  off the top of my head are some of the most bigoted
No need to apologize
True
It’s more about knowing the right people
Social connections also determine whether or not you may be more favorable to land a certain job or not
Society functions because of the working class but that in no way means that it favors it. Sure, you can definitely have the opportunity to climb the social/economic ladder, but that doesn’t hold true for everyone
Naturally
Oftentimes it's the poor who are trying to work the hardest to make ends meet
<@!472513526393602059> That's often true.
Heard?
But you also can't generalize that everyone who's poor is automatically lazy and not making an effort to dig themselves out of their poverty
Again, a good chunk of those people do not have a choice in the matter
The elderly?
Wait, what kind of people are we referring to here?
Which is why we seem to be making those kinds of generalizations about "poor people deserving to be poor"
It all depends on the individual
For better or for worse
Again, I guess it's all a matter of how people utilize that system
That's a good way to sum things up<@!468591607332208641>
We just wanted to add our own thoughts to the discussion (At least for me)
All you were doing was stating your opinion
I don't think this is justification for him being kicked though Saki
Can you name a few examples? I just want to hear your opinion on the matter Carlos
I hope you have a nice day from here on out
See ya
Then that's fine
Okay, but we're asking if you have a solution to this problem.
Two deaths have already been confirmed in Florida too
Good
For the sake of our well being
I completely agree. You can’t worry about others if your body is crying out in anguish 90% of the time.
The city I live in has nearly 100 cases alone
Yeah it’s usually the people who invest the most time into a stable relationship that end up being the most content.
I get that the ideal romantic relationship isn’t possible nowadays, but I’d argue that no relationship in life is really. Not even among friends or family. Even so, we still engage in those relationships regardless because while they have their ups and downs, we can still value the people we engage with and maybe even learn something from those struggles. I’m not saying this is how it goes for every relationship, let alone a romantic one, but I wouldn’t be surprised if those experiences actually strengthen that kind of relationship. Or not. It all depends on how people communicate their issues with each other
<:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
Define "fuck up your way of life" exactly. Just to get a better sense of what you're talking about
Actually, what do you get anxious about anyway? Like, just in general?
Well, we're only human after all. We can't exactly be logically minded all the time
I'd rather not force anything onto you
Feel free to take whatever I say with a grain of salt
I guess what I'm trying to say here is even if you hear about something that makes you anxious or terrible like with bogaloo, in the end, that's only a small part of the craziness that life has to offer ~~for better or for worse.~~ Yes, life can suck, and I can understand your pessimism, but focusing on it won't make happier in life. Trust me when I say that brain farts have made up half of my time as an adult thus far, let alone a teenager.
It's perfectly fine to be curious about these kinds of things, ~~hell sometimes I wish I had that trait myself~~ but it's important to also think about the things you can and can't control in life. Think about it. Can you control the fact that extremists are threatening to use violence just to get their way? No, no you can't. Can you make an effort to form your own opinion about these issues or take the time to assess these things more critically? Yes, yes you can.
You don't have to answer if you don't want to
I apologize if I'm asking anything too personal here
Does this have to do with any schoolwork or extracurriculars?
You mean like with your concerns on gluten?
*sigh*
NY has over 20,000 cases thus far.
***sigh*** Why did this have to happen now of all times?
What’s ASMR?
My family in general has been trying their best, though I’m not exactly sure how well we’re doing.
That’s still pretty misleading though
I need to read through more of Dune. I started it as a kid and never finished it
Yeah, I also heard that the owners of a liquor store near my house (Who were Asian Americans) were forced to go out of business recently due to receiving heavy amounts of abuse and prejudice.
Emphasis on somehow
Ditto
Nice!
Thankfully
Man I haven’t kept up with wrestling in like, 4 years and I’m not exactly regretting it
It’s probably a better alternative anyway
Yeah. I also forgot to take a few weekly online tests here and there so I'm trying to keep on top of those too.
Yeah, I really need to start working on those soon.
Keeping up with my coursework has been pretty exhausting lately.
Some of my classes are basically self-study courses now but the rest are conducted via Zoom.
Yeah, you’d think that being home all day would do the opposite.
For me, it’s more that I sometimes focus way too much on schoolwork and end up getting burnt out because of it. That or I feel inadequate about being able to publish a fanfic or know the ins and outs of a fandom or game but still be unable to do put the recycling into the right plastic bag. It’s seemingly minimal but it still greatly bothers me sometimes.
That’s right.
But at the very least, getting to know other people's perspectives on life is interesting in of itself, even if some of them are very questionable.
This does tend to vary from person to person though.
I tend to be incredibly picky when it comes to who I choose to hang out with, and oftentimes I feel like I may come off as a bit antisocial to other people. However, when I DO bother to actually get to know someone for who they are, I can definitely be sociable with them so long as they aren't overly annoying or obnoxious.
That does seem to be the case.
Why two years specifically?
Speaking from experience
Dealing with the complications and personal issues of divorced parents is something that’s never pleasant.
I’m sorry to hear that.
Stuff like that really helps puts you at ease more than you’d think it would.
I’m in a group chat with my close friends from high school so we’re all able to at least check up on how we’re doing. Or just send memes.
Yeah, a few of my high school acquaintances ended up changing for the worse, but there still a handful of them that I can really have fun just being myself around.
So then that’s prohibited anyway
Doesn’t that count as a form of discrimination?
What do you mean?
???
Are memes like that still common? I thought they died out a while ago
Undoubtedly so
It’s pretty tough to do sometimes, but you definitely have a point there
Do you plan on going to college Fizzy? If you don’t mind me asking.
Oh
That, or things just tend to become awkward between different branches of the family.
Of course. I just feel it important that you don’t bottle up your feelings. Besides, if you know you’re in a bad community populated by nothing but assholes, they’re opinions shouldn’t matter much anyway.
True, but if it really does bother you to no end then you at least need to tell them that what they’re doing is making you uncomfortable.
Yup
Yeah, for me it's great for studying.
Uncharted!
That’s just my take on it
As a person who dropped GS after episode 2 because of how unappealing it was, I definitely agree that the rape was very unnecessary. I definitely wish they could have focused more on the characters themselves near the beginning to at least ease readers into the world.
Yeah, it becomes especially grating after a while. Friends tend to be wildly different from person to person so maybe it’s just a matter of finding someone who won’t question your every thought on the media you like.
Or just all modern persona games in general
Maybe try out a puzzle game? Or a visual novel?
Mega Man games are also pretty short. That has more to do with the difficulty though
The World Ends With You is another great option
👍
Oh, what is it?
I’ve been doing more reading too lately. Some texts won’t exactly come to you write away (The Shakespeare plays I’ve been reading definitely attest to this) but it’s still important to develop an understanding for the subtext included in them
Yeah
That’s still an achievement isn’t it?
I mean, you beat Chrono Trigger right?
I think what scares people the most about advanced technology is that we don’t really have an idea on how it’ll impact our lives in the long term.
You do have a point there
Incorrect
AI is still fueled by the biases of its creators, making it so that even a subjective opinion like “Healthcare should be abolished” can be programmed into the system and seen as “objective” by the AI. (This is just an example btw)
I highly doubt that AI will surpass human intelligence any time soon, especially if said AI is affected by human biases.
I think I might also step out from here. It was still a nice discussion though.
That sounds pretty useful
Well, I guess that’s what matters really
That sounds...familiar...
I feel you there
For the longest time I figured that I kinda had to make a decision on that kind of stuff eventually but that’s just me.
Interesting
Huh
Oh don’t get me wrong, it’s not that I tend to take most of what I see on the Internet at face value. To be frank I’d rather just keep to myself. That being said though, I’d be lying if I said that I am a bit naive irl and don’t exactly have the most faith in my decision making skills, but that’s exactly why I tend to try listening to people’s opinions on certain issues, something that can again broaden my own experience on the ways different values and beliefs. Ultimately though I guess I still need to evaluate my own values on politics, social media etc is concerned but I’ve still got plenty of time to figure it out.
I definitely agree with that. Still, that’s not to say that patience is a virtue that’s bestowed equally. There have been plenty of times where I’ve seen my friends shut down arguments that were completely absurd in my eyes or just not well articulated. Not to say that it isn’t important to hear someone else’s side of the story. I find that having a level of impartiality can help you broaden your own perspective on how people are like, but it’s just as important to not let that get in the way of your own beliefs and morals or addressing something that can broaden the experience of who you’re arguing with. Sometimes it just takes the form of tough love or seemingly scathing criticism. That’s all I’m saying really.
Oh so NOW the image finally decides to load.
It’s probably for the best to tell him that it makes you feel uncomfortable and that you aren’t really interested. Well, if that’s how you feel of course.
You’d think he would at least take the hint by now
Speaking of being unproductive, I feel like now that school is over I feel kinda unsure about how to find ways to stay productive. My parents suggested that I do a independent study on something or try reaching out to family members/friends and interview them on what their professions are like but I still feel confused on how to spend my free time. IDK
I’d argue that my RL interactions have been hampered due to the lockdown, but that may be because I predominantly talk with my family a lot of the time.
Exactly
If I remember correctly
To my understanding, speech can be restricted if it presents a “clear and present danger”.
That may have more to do with what mood I’m in atm
Oh absolutely. Sometimes whenever I’m deep in thought, tired, or have no idea what to do with myself I tend to get a little annoyed at my sister or some of my elementary school friends.
Not to say that the human brain still has its perks though. I guess I’m just more comfortable with admitting my flaws.
Well, I guess that makes two of us then. Personally, I feel like I have a bit of a different problem really. It’s not exactly that I was discouraged from speaking my mind, but whenever I did I was always afraid of saying the wrong thing and being scolded  for it in some way. Then again, that might be because I was a bit of a perfectionist back then (I still kinda am now). I’ve gotten a lot better at it now, but I still can’t help but feel awkward about it sometimes.
Yeah, It’s nice to just get to let out whatever’s on your mind every once in a while.
No problem.
But I feel like it’s things like what I just mentioned that made me realize that change is more or less inevitable in life
True.
I ended up dropping most of the Ivys on my list due to not being able to decide whether or not they would be a good fit, even towards the end of my search it still felt like I could succeed at, but was still very anxious about whether or not the decision would be satisfactory.
I definitely felt that way when I was still trying to research what colleges I wanted to go to back in high school
I kinda got lectured on it by my parents over breakfast and I kinda just feel awkward now.
Yeah, but I guess I wish I made it a habit to be more informed about stuff like that.
My parents more or less filled me in on the riots in Minnesota this morning and I now I kinda wish I kept up with the news a bit more recently.
He’s being charged with third degree murder too
Unfortunately
The link may shed some light on what happened
https://apple.news/A33LtcmOFSGOHiSnTfMcAeA
Try meditating, reading a book, or doing something active like yoga to help take away the stress.
<:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
If anything I’m pretty picky when it comes to who I want to be friends with since I feel like forcing myself to be social with people who have very little in common with in terms of interests or personality can be a waste sometimes
I’m trying to do the opposite, if only to stay more informed on the current situation.
For me it’s a cross up between In the End and What I’ve Done
Tell me about it
On the contrary, it feels like my relatives warn me about the police constantly...not that I blame them
My sister plays it a lot actually
MGS2 also focuses on it too
It varies but it’s not exactly something I’d use very often at all.
If the worst possible outcome to dropping a game or show is not being able to watch or play it because you’re occupied with something else than the consequences aren’t catastrophic really
Last time I checked there were only three states that met most conditions to start opening back up again
If anything there’s only JUST been a decline recently right?
Depends on the organization
At the very least, it seems that attention is at least being given to the BlackLivesMatter movement and police brutality but it seems like that’s the only thing the media has been heavily focusing on.
Not to mention that it isn’t uncommon to catch COVID twice
Yeah, doing stuff like that for the sake of making yourself be more "presentable" to people who don't care that much about you is pretty annoying to deal with
Yeah it's okay, sometimes my brain constantly keeps me informed of the worst possible scenarios during sleep, no matter how unrealistic. It can be pretty scary sometimes, but it's also natural in moderation.
For me, the past is either a reminder of the things I want to improve in my life, a means of recalling unpleasant experiences from the past, or just a source of serenic nostalgia. It hasn't exactly been all sunshine and rainbows with having to deal with rampant anxiety, my parents trying to help me figure out what college to attend despite not knowing what I wanted from a college at the time, etc, but I still look back on the days when I would write fun, dumb little short stories about zombies, or trying to complete Super Mario Galaxy, and go on play dates with my best friends in elementary school. To sum it up, yes, the past may not be fun to look back on, but it also has it's fair share of nostalgic memories and experiences that have defined who I am as a person. It's just that now I'm trying to lean more into focusing on the present really. I guess it comes down to finding a balance between the two and sorting through which experiences you can learn from in the present so you don't end up making the same mistakes as before.
Yes and no? I guess it’s more of a wave inside of a wave if I’m making any sense.
Not to mention experiencing a new wave of COVID despite still recovering from the first wave. And it isn’t even Fall yet.
Yeah, I'm a bit unsure of what to make of it myself really
It was confirmed a month ago or so but it's still horrendous
Good luck Dess. I hope you can get everything sorted out
I still kinda do honestly
I ran into that problem all the time during my first semester of college
Same
I hope so too.
<@84811738653929472> <:HibikiHug:620080558462205956>
Though I do admit that I probably should have done a bit more research on Biden beforehand
I’m more voting Dems because it’s the lesser of two evils in my eyes.
You don’t have to share if you don’t feel comfortable or anything.
It’s always good to know that you’re trying to work to improve yourself despite your own flaws instead of having them work against you, if that makes sense.
Yeah. It takes a lot to communicate those kinds of feelings respectfully.
Yeah, it’s good that you’re being self aware of these kinds of things
As hard as it is, sometimes I feel like the best remedy is to try having more faith in yourself. There are plenty of times where one can’t really be kind to others without being kind to themselves.
And we definitely appreciate it Matt. I think what matters is that you’re trying to address why you feel that way. It’s not great to bottle up feelings like that
That’s good to hear
Think nothing of it
Usually it involves me or a relative in some way.
Granted, I’ve been doing a lot to be more proactive in approaching issues that spur that kind of negativity on but sometimes I can really doubt my ability to do so consistently
Most of the time I feel like I’m filled with nothing *but* negative thoughts really. I guess I also try to acknowledge that those thoughts aren’t the be all end all of of what makes me a person. Even when I feel *miserable* internally I always subconsciously try faking it till I make it so to speak
It was pretty idiotic worrying about it in hindsight, especially since I did well on the test otherwise ( barring two questions) but yeah
It’s really petty, but you wouldn’t *believe* how mad I was at myself
That’s...kinda it.
And it was still marked late because our professor didn’t adjust the time on the school’s website
*Just* after I submitted the test
So as I tried hurrying to finish the test, I realized that I didn’t fully  answer one of the questions
And despite our teacher saying that we could hand it in at 9:15 the assignments could be marked late for handing it in before 9:00 or something.
The bad news: We only had 20 minutes to submit it.
The good news: It was surprisingly easy to go through
Today I was taking one of my midterms
I guess for me
Ah okay
Did you try a third time or...?
Weird
Like something I would take with me to eat for lunch in middle school
It looks...okay I think
You see
I think I had a similar incident today actually
Ah
> Hey how do I become a genuinely unique person? I'm worrying that I'm uninteresting.
My advice would probably just be to try doing whatever hobby, or goal you feel is worth pursuing. There’s not really much of a concrete definition of being an “uninteresting person”.
I concur
And odds are it’ll probably take a few days until they’re all counted
That’s almost guaranteed at this point.
I’m at  a loss for words...
Rip <:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
I am... very confused here.
I guess people can be that easy to manipulate sometimes
Right then
Actually, what are some key signs that someone on Twitter is a bot? I know severe  typos or weird internet grammar is one thing but I’m curious now
Define “childlike features” exactly. Because again, shorter, petite women still very much exist
Exactly
For me, as long as it doesn’t negatively affect your relationships in real life or anything then I think it’s fine. People can be into a lot of questionable stuff and still have the ability to be decent human beings with morality
Yeah, things are very not great. https://apple.news/AKqDQn8JMQUKyBzas_zhuRA
True
I agree. As long as that kind of thing doesn’t negatively impact the people around you or justify any actual pedophilia, then I usually leave it as a personal thing that he/she just happens to like
Yes please
Um no, no it isn’t
Yeah tone it down please
And *that* right there only adds to my point
Tusk, you’ve been repeating the same arguments over and over again without properly  addressing our points
Exactly, hence why it *depends* on the person how far they choose to take that fascination
*cough* Mortal Kombat
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
Right
I’m-I’m just done
Okay, we might as well end it here
By calling them bullshit?
We already have. You just haven’t been acknowledging any of the points we discussed.
Oh. Right.
Could you name a quick example? Just curious
Which is pretty disappointing
Japan doesn’t really care about LGBTQ+ and Racial  representation tbh
I think it was Yosuke?
Ryuji in his social link for example really shows him more empatheticly towards his former buddies on the track team, yet in the main story he’s largely chastised by the party as being hopelessly idiotic and impulsive, which really dumbs down what’s established in his social link.
And that’s fair. It think it’s more of a symptom of the tropes that P5 uses for some of its characters
Care to elaborate?
https://youtu.be/c-oHg3tvJlk What are people’s general thoughts on this? This a topic I remember covering in some of my Media classes so I was interested in what y’all might think of it.
Being stuck inside all day makes it hard to focus on anything besides work or motivate myself to do something that isn’t sleeping
I also agree
Yes, unfortunately <:MikuPanic:640289659452129310>
<:Zababies:672238628398956594>
It’s insane to think that all of this is taking place and it’s not even February yet.
Wtf
This should already be grounds for Impeachment. Well, not like that’s already been attempted
Ikr
Why am I not surprised at this.
At least until it’s confirmed by other news outlets or if they end up making an official press statement.
For now I’m taking it with a grain of salt
Personally I’d say it’s because of self-esteem issues idk.
I honestly don’t have any way to describe how I feel about this. Not that I find it offensive or anything, just that it’s something that I never had a perspective on until now
https://youtu.be/MiXZECAe094
From my understanding this convo shifted from GS to a DND discussion/rant(?)
Does relying on people make you feel bad in any way? Because you aren’t able to figure things out for yourself?
Mediation and doing some daily yoga also helps if you want to try that
I agree. I’ll admit that I’ve had thoughts of it myself recently but I think the important thing is to realize that you can still recognize what options you have to try to improve your situation.
That’s true, and that process definitely doesn’t come without it’s fair share of hurdles from what I know. It takes time.
So lately I've felt like I just haven't been able to connect or socialize with my peers in the same way ever since I moved back into my college dorm. It's not like I haven't tried to attend any virtual events hosted by my college or any of the club's I'm apart of, or do watchalongs with some of my friends every now and then, but it just feels like I haven't really met anyone that clicks with me or someone who I want to try talking to. 

I guess a part of me is still evaluating whether or not I should try to seek out friendships with people that have the same interests as I do or whether it's worth branching out and try to get to know new people outside of who I typically talk to. I know I'm going on a bit of a tangent here but I've just been feeling kinda isolated as of late.
<:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
I agree
Okay but by that logic I’m not sure many would care if a one shot story about shrine maidens posted on a fanfic website if the story itself isn’t made to be offensive, is respectful to the culture, and only serves as fluff more than anything.
But if that writer goes out of their way to do research on shrine maidens or tries to go out of their way to learn more about them to add to the story then does it then I don’t see why this is a bad thing necessarily. If you have a desire to learn more about a culture through that story then what’s the harm in it?
Yes, things were already resolved at that point
Yes, *please*
Yeah, exactly the argument’s over
Probably not but I think it’s best to just leave it alone for now.
It’s basically a modern day FLCL
Well, it took me two months to finish Ex-Aid I mean
I’m still at the tail end of GX but over my winter break I did manage to finish Fate, Flip Flappers and KR Ex-Aid but it still took me two months to finish it
I had the same experience with Fate/Zero more or less
Really? I was under the impression that FLCL was more of an  episodic show that coincidentally had an overarching plot.
Also true
I’ll check it out sometime soon
I still need to watch it but it already looks pretty interesting so far
I liked Nux at first but now I prefer watching Meti Not the Bad Guy
Yeah I know him
You mean like, Nux Taku levels of high energy?
Never really paid attention to The Anime Man even though I’ve been subscribed to him for over a year now
Flip Flappers is also very good
Neat. I’m tempted to jump into some seasonal shows during my free time but I still have to finish DMC4
I feel that
Things actually seem to get interesting
Really? I’m actually just watching episode 16
I’m watching Blade
Was just playing some games a few minutes ago and now I’m watching KR. Might watch Yuna after Magia Record idk
Not much really
Interesting
Also, what exactly is Yukki Yuma again?
Yes
I still think it has the best English theme song
Sadly I never got into Digimon. I was always more fond of Yugioh, Naruto, DBZ, Pokémon and later Bleach. I still have fond memories of seeing grown men playing card games on motorcycles
I’ve only watched Zero and the UBW anime and overall I still prefer Jojo. I’ve heard great things about the VN
At least I scan rest easy knowing that Parasite is number 5
Is it weird that I managed to watch The Empire Strikes Back and Episode 2 of AXZ and Doki Doki Precure in one sitting? Also, I have yet to see Frozen 2 but it seems to at least be doing well for itself regardless of quality
It’s good, but I’m not sure how I feel about the characters. They just aren’t as interesting as I thought
I watched up until episode 4
Well that’s a shame. I actually really liked it
Same. If you have the time you should also give Weathering with You a watch
At least the reasoning behind it was understandable. 




I’m still torn up about it...
I’m currently watching Doki Doki Precure since I’m new to the fandom
It’s really good
While my first was Naruto, Yugioh ended up being the show that really grabbing my interest. I waking up early to watch the new episodes of 5Ds.
I'm planning on watching the rest of AXZ and starting XV soon as well
Amen to that
In the sense that it's cathartic?
Nice! I just finished watching Promare actually
Boy I wish Rebellion was non-canon now
Just rewatched Madoka with some friends
I mostly just use gogo to watch Precure
That's understandable
gogoanime is still up and running
It's more likely than you think
HunterXHunter is still in limbo at the moment
That would be interesting
It still paid off somewhat
At least now he seems to have more creative freedom
Good thing Part 4 actually managed to give the stand battles variety
Oh, well then yes
tedious?
*cough cough early part 3*
Oh absolutely not
Jojo has had fair share of highs and lows and it still seems to be going in an interesting direction
Reminds me of Bleach
Yep! It’s especially noticeable in the transformation cutscenes for the ZX games
Kinda?
Durarara is also a good read/watch if you haven’t checked it out yet
I’ve only seen the first episode
I also recommend Assasination Classroom. Mostly because of the premise, characters and that it’s the only one on your list I’ve finished
Ha!
Sounds like a good idea. Especially since the Last Arc is finally getting animated
For me, it was also the most enjoyable out of the three until the Fullbring Arc
Yeah, you did
And that’s it
I’ve watched the first few episodes of Wing
I might try out Gundam OO once I catch up with Magia Record
And I stopped once I got past season 1
I tried to at least get up to Marine Fort
Interesting
Is SEED just the KR Blade of Gundam?
I plan on watching Gundam 00 after I finish Amagi Brilliant Park
I’m watching Doki Doki right now since just got into Precure but I’ll definitely think about it
Magia Record was better than I thought it would be tbh
I'm only about two episodes behind since that's the only seasonal anime I've been keeping up with
I certainly hope that I will
Wish me luck
I’m jumping into Gundam with OO right now
Probably Kaguya. I might catch up with MHA too
Oh yeah
I remember dropping it after episode 1
That's what it looks like
Yeah, it's actually what got me into playing P3.
And really helped flesh out Yu more as a character before Arena
It had a lot of funny moments
But yeah
Not the Golden Animation though. I heard that was...less than stellar.
Hot take: I think P4 The Animation is the best anime adaptation of a video game to come out in the last decade. I know that's not a high bar but it's something I can still appreciate
Also
I think
I've only ever completed 25+
That's alright
Definitely
I really enjoyed it, but I'm not quite sure if it's in my top five or not
I can see that
Oh?
A bit predictable, but still very fun
Yeah
I still need to catch up
I've finished Kill la Kill, Luluco, and Promare
So it's pretty easy to binge
The episodes are also 5-8 minutes long
Yep
In fact, there's one episode where Inferno Cop gives the MC a pep talk. It's pretty hilarious
It also crossed over with Little Witch Academia AND Inferno Cop
That has the MC work as an intergalactic police officer that transforms her body into a giant gun
It's another Trigger anime
Space Patrol Luluco
You know what I do miss though?
Haven't watched it yet
Oh
Tea parties?
All I know about Asterik is that it got a 2nd season
Chivalry of a Failed Knight deserved better
I'm still halfway into S1 btw. It's definitely a bit slow paced but the characters are just interesting enough to grab my attention.
As all things should be.
Initially, I felt overwhelmed with how many characters and plot points were introduced at first, but the following episodes made me eventually feel eased into the world.
I've started watching it recently as well
MY WISHES OVER THE AIRSPACE
The first OP is pretty catchy.
What did you think?
It's a wild ride to be sure
The anime that really got me into the anime community was SAO (Started watching it in Fall 2015) Even though I was really into Yugioh and Bakugan, I feel like after watching the first season I ended up looking into more seasonal animes and shounens like Bleach. I also had very mixed thoughts on SAO in general so getting to watch Soul Eater and A Devil is A Part Timer afterwards was very refreshing.
I just got into precure with Doki Doki so I can’t really say much about the other seasons
Ah, another man of culture I see
I guess the only issue that really bothered me was actually keeping track of the characters names and well...characteristics/motivations since there are quite a lot. Then again, that’s probably what Season 2 is for.
And the mecha battles near the end of the season were really good too
Just finished Season 1 of Gundam OO. Overall, I think the themes of trying to achieve world unity, domestic schisms between different ideologies and and the nature of international terrorism and warfare were really interesting.
I’ll try out the anime just to see if I like it or not but alrighty then
So should I just read the manga if I want to get into Prisma?
Maybe I’ll watch a play through of it sometime. Still need to get around to playing Rebirth 2 and 3 on Steam
I’m still in the middle of Doki Doki myself
> I'd say Doki Doki is kinda equivalent to Kamen Rider in terms of writing
<@457268466429329429>  

Kinda? If you mean that the writing is either hit or miss for some people than yes. Personally I really liked what I’ve watched of Doki Doki so far but I still have yet to watch any other seasons.
Same
They really should have just ended it with Obito in my opinion.
Yeah
Ba dum tss
I was legitimately surprised at the twist too. ||Though it does make me wonder how often the president used dark magic without anyone noticing ||
Yeah, I’ve been watching so much Toku lately that I think I need to focus on actually finishing Doki Doki
I’m still watching Doki Doki and that’s been fun so far. I think I’m at episode 36 now
I just got into it recently and it's been very fun so far
I’ll have to see if I can read the first few at some point
Yeah, but I guess I was browsing around at the time and felt like trying out a new manga series so I kinda bought it impulsively
I remember randomly buying volume 5 because it was discounted at my local comic book store
Night
https://youtu.be/6bCmxvrGh3E
I stopped midway into S1 to finish Kill la Kill a while ago so I might jump back into it
It’s really good from what I’ve read
I remember liking it, but unfortunately the anime doesn’t fully adapt the manga.
Wow
||Just finished episode 2 and wasn't expecting them to delve into beastmen trafficking. It was definitely a real gut punch for sure. ||
Decided to watch Brand New Animal on Netflix and it's really enjoyable so far.
Haven't read it yet so I wouldn't know. So far the best spin off I've read was The Different Story
> Kubo really knows how to draw cool shit. But his action sequencing sucks sometimes. I got lost on what was happening at times, like a panel was left out.
> 
> Can't wait to see how they clean up that mess of a final arc in the anime adaptation. :rooderp:
<@!181591926636544002>  
Hopefully they’ll be able to make the ending less abrupt and not jump the shark like in the last few chapters of the manga.
Lol
I’ve also been watching some episodes of Evangelion recently and I was wondering if people here prefer the subs the Netflix Dub or the original dub
Nanoha can definitely be dark at times, but I feel like the show itself is so much more than that.
Oh absolutely
I never really understood why people originally drew comparisons between them
It’s definitely pretty obvious in hindsight
I’m on episode 24 right now
I’ll probably watch Burn the Witch once I’m finished watching OG Eva
They’re set in an alternate continuity so I’d probably try watching them after seeing StrikerS (Which is season 3)
Absolutely. The manga (from what I’ve read) is also really good
I’ll probably see if I can watch an episode or two eventually
I have yet to watch it. Is it good so far?
And it seems to be off to a pretty good start
I’m up to episode 4 of StrikerS right now
GT before Super was still regarded as being very lacking in terms of actual quality though. Sure some of the stuff that came out of it such as Baby as SSJ4 were cool, but arcs like the Shadow Dragon arc (which admittedly had a *really* cool concept) and most of the episodic episodes during the first half just kinda...exist. That’s just my opinion though.
Just started Jujutsu Kaiden today and I’m really loving the characters so far, especially Gojou. He’s such a goof
You mean the only clip that matters?
I’m still wondering if I should start Futari Wa or Healin Good personally. I just got into Precure with Doki Doki and I really enjoyed the characters
<:VanessaSmug:689395769199165447>
<:HibikiDab:688190074395164696>
<:GermainPeace:689397094666076171>
My dad and I used to watch Naruto and Samurai Champloo together
I think my Dad watches that too sometimes
Huh
Haven’t seen it yet but I may also check it out
Oh yeah they did announce the new one recently
I remember really enjoying the characters in Doki Doki so I’m looking forward to seeing what themes the other seasons explore
Well, I’ll probably consider taking a look at either Heartcatch, Futari Wa or maybe Suite
Very interesting
In their opinion
The friend that got me into Precure said that it was one of the weaker seasons.
Yeah I’ve heard great things about Hugtto. Not so much about Happiness Charge though.
Except that A La Mode is kinda weird in its aesthetic compared to other seasons
Interesting. I haven’t heard too much about any of the recent seasons
Though now I’m also wondering what other seasons I should get into. I’ve mostly been considering either Futari wa or something else
I quite liked it, despite how divisive it is among the fan base
I just finished Doki Doki a few months ago myself.
I can kinda agree with that. That's kinda why KR and Sentai/Precure appeals more to me I feel.
Been busy getting into Jujutsu Kaisen
If you’re up to watching something short then Flip Flappers
<@!279341087494242304> <:GermainPeace:689397094666076171>
And I mostly remember it being pretty episodic but the characters more than made up for it
So far the only one I’ve watched so  is Doki Doki
Never realized Nodoka and Hibiki shared the same VA
Speaking of Cure, I decided to watch some of Healin Good.
Yeah
From what I’ve heard it’s not exactly a direct remake and branches off from it so I’ll probably have to need extra context.
I’ll probably watch the first higurashi anime before jumping into the new one
And Healin Good among other things
I need to catch up with Jujutsu Kaisen
Even with context the funnier scenes in Jojo are still pretty ridiculous. Not that I’m complaining of course
Just...wow
https://youtu.be/z1tpDyUILL8 Found this video to be an interesting dissection of the ways english anime adaptations may or may not miss the mark with how lines are changed to be more relatable to English audiences
Hope you enjoy it! Doki Doki was my first Precure season
I started in 2015 btw
So did I, and Madoka still was one of the ones I started with
Just turned 19 a few months ago tbh
And the manga is about to reach its 1,000th chapter
Yeah
Same
I remember trying to binge watch SM once, got up to episode 16 before resuming binge watching Bleach like a man possessed
For me it was mostly Pokémon, Yugioh, Beyblade, Bakugan etc
<:HibikiThreeSeconds:689200719072591874>
<:GermainPeace:689397094666076171>
Same here Zero
Same here
The more you know~
That’s the understatement of the century mwahahahaha
That’s how I viewed the recent seasons so far anyway
I didn’t really have much of a problem with the first three volumes since I figured the following volumes would provide more explanations about the plot while maintaining the solid action that I came to expect from the series at that point. 

Vol 4 had a slow build but I figured it would pay off in Vol 5. 

Vol 5 felt pretty uninteresting despite characters like Raven and Oscar getting a bit more of a focus. 

Vol 6 was alright, but I kinda wish they didn’t kill off Adam as early as they did. 

Vol 7 was probably the most entertaining out of the recent seasons and I enjoyed how the season portrayed Ironwood and his eventual mistrust in Team RWBY.
I remember liking StrikerS when I got around to watching it but I know next to nothing about Vivid
And I absolutely love the character illustrations
It’s really intriguing
And I just started reading Arifureta recently
I’m currently reading the Durarara LNs and I’m having a blast with it so far
<:TsubasaJoy:688191716620238870>
^
<:GermainPeace:689397094666076171>
Prime Starscream is my personal favorite but I’ve heard Armada Scream is pretty interesting
That’s true, but the reason his mental state is like that to begin with stems from the absence of any kind of familial love, something Eva also touches on quite a lot. While Shinji does attempt to try seek out relationships with characters like Rei or Kaworu, given his circumstances, I think Shinji’s main issues would require a lot more time and care to fully resolve, much more than what the show gives him anyway.
And EoE, as sad as it was, felt much more definitive as an end to the OG series, even though the TV ending’s more optimistic(?) outcome, feels like a better way to wrap up Shinji’s arc particularly.
But I feel like it’s open to way more interpretation than I feel comfortable with
Not to say I didn’t like the TV ending
As someone who finished EoE recently, I think it has some really intriguing themes. I actually remember being a little creeped out at how the TV ending appeared so hopeful, yet still felt unsettling as I didn’t really feel like it gave characters like Asuka time to fully finish their character arcs.
I slightly prefer Signum but either is good culture
Yaaaaay. And here I just started to watch get into the franchise
Didn't Beyblade get a reboot recently? Or was that a few years ago now?
I'm just happy that this is finally been greenlit
Eh, I don't really care much about spoilers at this point
I never thought I would get to hear anything about this series again for the longest time!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
I think that  was even more heartbreaking for me when I watched it
I remember really enjoying how realistic 00 S1 was too when I watched it a few months ago. Especially Lockon
<:KirikaSalute:620069889838809089>
While Madoka has grown into one of my personal favorite animes over time, I’ll admit that Nanoha also has a lot of charm to it. It may not have been *as* well written or well paced at times, but I just really enjoy the magic/sci-fi hybrid aesthetic that it was going for
I’d say Naruto was pretty good up until the halfway point of Shippuden and the War Arc kicks in.
I think the anime adaption for the Blood War Arc going in a different direction than the manga might be a benefit if they play their cards right
Same
Oh nice. This may actually give me an excuse to watch the OG season
<:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
<:TsubasaDere:768545990495961129> Here we go again…
It seems like an extremely strange decision yeah
3 just didn’t really grab me with how much of the first half felt structured like a “monster of the week” kind of story without really helping to flesh out any character outside of maybe Polnareff in my eyes. Well, that’s what I think of the first half anyway
That’s understandable
It’s been pretty crazy so far (though I’ve only read halfway into Volume 2)
Niiiiice, I just started reading Part 6 since the anime for that is going to be airing soon
And then in one of the movies they escort a movie star so…apparently there’s also a film industry?
I feel like it’s more of a mixture of both a lot of the time and people can just be so set in their ways that they might just not try to watch anything new whatsoever, regardless of when it came out
https://youtu.be/hRf5GoC0kR8 <@350222094522646538> Oh I know. Mashups of certain themes are also pretty good.
https://youtu.be/fgPbGoC-OHw For those looking for good study/work music
https://youtu.be/OWayvgwgpug
https://youtu.be/JNV70-9vfkU
https://youtu.be/K1y3o6JGoSQ
https://youtu.be/40m-KW-82C4
https://youtu.be/jYayfXxuj5s
https://youtu.be/qFLhGq0060w
https://youtu.be/iQQ4nnpbieE
https://youtu.be/HBQHDT3Hkqw
10/10 Too strong for me
https://youtu.be/Qpz7ch_ZeT4
https://youtu.be/IXsURKdnUyY
https://youtu.be/OM4iXBfdRhY
https://youtu.be/JIZ12EQ2SFg
Yaaaaaay
WHY IS THIS SO CATCHY?
https://youtu.be/Pd3g-i_833c
https://youtu.be/wRMkOY9OrbU
I can’t stop listening to this cover lately.
https://youtu.be/iQQ4nnpbieE
https://youtu.be/wRMkOY9OrbU
https://youtu.be/m42OInMFSqs Did someone say Megaman?
https://youtu.be/uwiMQmOXufw
Personally I beg to differ. Out of all the Zero/ZX reploids remixes Trap Phantasm got the best treatment.
https://youtu.be/wKzy-xoO4xA
https://youtu.be/naV2N1K0A3g
https://youtu.be/cKguNxYgEY8 
Perfect for studying
https://youtu.be/wRMkOY9OrbU
https://youtu.be/TuKcl8e_7J0
https://youtu.be/AMUVVnA0B_w
https://youtu.be/9AwWmgcxcX4
https://youtu.be/dB08UdIpHR8
https://youtu.be/ce7VHEDWL28
https://youtu.be/9AwWmgcxcX4
https://youtu.be/VGmDzQTfKaE
Everyone celebrating the end of 2020 be like: https://youtu.be/4qqeafI9kXM
https://youtu.be/d1AKUZszc50
https://youtu.be/HBQHDT3Hkqw
Putting this down here for fellow Eurobeat enthusiasts https://youtu.be/hAy-1NraoR4
<:TsubasaShock:689705053401251867>
🙏
👌
https://youtu.be/9rYwRH7Ilfk
https://youtu.be/4RBjH6lQT4w Do do do do do do do dooo doooooooo~
https://youtu.be/b7T1SVnXYsk
https://youtu.be/bG6K1SjIRrE
Indeed
https://youtu.be/yejjmssrgjQ
