Oooh, I love that artstyle
Nice
Does that mean the shenshoujing can mimic the other relics too?
I've never seen XDU, what's this about vampires and dual relics?
I think Tsubassa's life before the series wasn't that good, she's not very close with her father, and she's had to deal with Fudo, and considering how she was trained since childhood to be a symphogear warrior, it probably wasn't that nice too
Woah, that's an interesting concept
Alright, be sure to tell me what you think
Have you checked out Pibby yet?
So, anyone hear about Adult Swim's "Pibby"?
I just saw Maya and the Three, anyone else seen that?
The pacing and structuring of the show and each episode feels a little odd too, kind of like it's still a manga, but now animated, though I could put up with that as well
I thought it was alright, the visuals and artstyle are really good. However, sometimes the characters, besides the main 2, can feel a bit annoying, though, I found them tolerable.
Just finished watching the 4 episodes of Komi Can't Communicate on Netflix
Does anyone know the name of this shoujo anime, but the main character is this big buff man as opposed to a cute girl?
Oh yeah, I think that's it. Thank you ❤️
I think he was a businessman too
I remember a clip of an episode, the guy beats someone up for taking panty shots of a woman on a train
It looks like it, but it was something else
Just rewatched Secret of the Wings, this guy is hot
So, I just saw the first episode of Demon Slayer season 2
Oh, I'm watching the new precure
Sympho-cure
Like, you see them moving their lips to the song
It's also quite unique how the characters actually sing the op
Can't wait to see more
Omg, "con-doctors"
Also, I was more than halfway through the first episode when I came up with the term "medisong" which I feel would fit perfectly with the series
I also feel like there's symphogear comparisons to be made here and there, kinda based entirely on the fact that both series just happen to involve singing as part of their plots
It also makes me realize that musicals don't really exist in anime, not even kids anime
I really like the animation, it's simple, yet clean, lively, and expressive
So, I just checked out Healer Girl, and i've got a lot to say about it
I don't really understand what was going on with Papika though, she was Cocona's mother's friend and grew up alongside her, but then she got trapped in a tree and de-aged back down to Cocona's age?
what did you think of it?
Nice, liked that one, don't remember much
