Welcome!
Welcome to the server!
Welcome!
welcome!
good point
welcome! man a lot of people are joining now.
....huh, neat
Also Bikki looks so darn happy near the end of that pv
Just gonna chalk that comment on me not getting enough sleep
True
Or at least hold an enemy's attack for a lot longer?
Will it actually work this time?
She got quite lost you see
As soon as she finds her way to the battlefield
True.
I wonder if this season's bad guys failed to watch seasons 1-4 like AXZ's did at first?
Think I prefer the first pic but second might be a bit more likely.
.... I can see that....
they gonna get fisted at least once.
hmm
Villains look kinda eh to me but we'll see how they evolve in the season itself.
Just caught up with discussion and opening song sounds good. Now to just wait for the opening itself.
so yeah we Beyblade.
The Kirka/Shirabe Combo from the six song fight of AXZ looked kinda like a beyblade
ah
when they attacked em?
Weren't they absorbing people soul things?
could be neat
hm
Who do you think's gonna get mind flayed by Millaarc first? I'm thinking that Bikki's gonna get mind flayed first due to the shot of her laying on the in the pv with others protecting her but It could prob be anyone.
I will!
gonna have to watch it again
mainly the hibiki/miku stuff
Still kinda processing the episode.
and the songs that played as well
loved the new transformation scene
Sooo. Just watched the first episode and it was extremely good! 😃
Shame the flare gun guy ruined it 😦
It was.
I'm extremely interested in the guy at the beginning
really can't wait to see em
Marimato (MariaxTomato)
it was all so nice at the beginning...
They cannot have a concert scene where noise ruin it right?
poor tsubasa
just finished watching the episode
That was a fine concert scene and you ruined it alchemist girl....
yup
liked the free fall scene as well.
yeah...
i'm scared for tsubasa this season now
I wonder how the vamp girl will die? sword through head by tsubasa?
heh
I think that one of her descriptions said that she had mind flay powers
judging from that pic
Bikki has long range fisting now!
Nekomimi alch was cool
She was in the op in the priestess robe outfit I think
but no rip-saw time!
same
here i believe
https://twitter.com/ohkuboyoshiyuki/status/1150086476706664448
just a bit
was considering that
trying to avoid xiv spoilers here...
Also Xan. Don't you mean dis-tailed?
yeahh I'm seeing no redemptions here.
I think flight feathers was fine but only cuz bikki and chris intervened
yeah
You know we shoulda expected something when the title said the day the sky falls.
or they're waiting for something else maybe?
maybe because of tsubasa's current issues?
dunno
Angelic Remnant
i'm happy about it.
what are you hiding MIkuuuu

I'm getting more and more nervous about Miku as these episodes go on
true...
Should it be pointed out that he's most likely gonna backstab the new alch trio when they've served their uses for him?
sounds like him I think
during his fight
....I wonder if top dad#2 will be singing?
for this ep
now to read the older discussion
I hope the old man gets punched/stabbed/shot multiple times
Revolver Yukine does sound better
Is Chris now Revolver Chris?
just watched the third episode!
chris's transformation and song were good. she actually fired RHB!
I immediatly thought of that scene when it happened in chris's transfo
loved those transfo's
Dess was on point
wow
wait really?
but she's probably gonna be up in the next ep or two
it actually put an alch outa commission for a bit.
i actually cheered for that
yup 😦
I loved segway noise
Her dess show's the way!
Kinda wished Marcilla/Carmilla was more injured in that attack
Is it a coincidence that Miku's zodiac sign is scorpio and that there's a scorpion in the op?
miku gets scorpion'ed
OH NO
qute
I believe
japanese government not un
maria song is my newest favorite
Hanasaku Yuki duet was awesome
just finished watching the ep. not as bad as I thought it was gonna be buuut that cliffy...
didn't fudou stand super close to fire?
I'm actually kinda interested in the future fudou fight tbh even if he's a sack of potatoes.
ah
those were really nice
yeah she kinda does
I need the elf9 song now
First is tied between Hibiki and Tsubasa for me
true
Just watched the episode. liked the downtime scenes but inspector guy can go die.... Tsubasa's transformation is a new favorite as well as her song but I'm more worried about her mental state now.
that was kinda funny
anybody think that Maria will yoink the divine thingy?
ogawa is bs
same
Think Maria can also help with the apple thing?
and her wife hibiki
they are 3 for 3 now
13 seems way too short with what we have now and it's like half way over already...
Why does XV have to be cockteases with these cliffhangers? it was such a good return too....
Gotta hand it to them. They are persistent.
just kinda hurts to wait a week
it's a good season so far. just wish it didn't have as many cliffhangers as it does right now
that was really nice
Yeah...
also wow she's tiny
Anyone think that there's gonna be a moment where the attack seems to miss and it comes around and hits Fudou mid sentence?
Fudou: Your aim is paltry for fighting a senti-
heh
On another note that new design we saw looks pretty good
We're only on episode 8...
ohhh noooo mikuuuu 😦
heh
Fudou still hasn't made his interrupt yet...
does look good though
that the new gaijin chart reaction for the ep?
yeah
aw
surprise they not dead!
that was really good
A show!
same
good point
and then we wait for the soundtracks...
yeah got confused for a second there
bleh
wait 4 nvm
only 3 episodes left 😦
yey
yeah
still liked it though
true
Interesting episode. Not quite as good as the others but still kinda good.
but how would we know that they are agents?
you took my joke
oh true
😦
yeah think only some of it got burned
...huh
Really woulda wanted that one 😦
been a good ride
Hard to believe it's already ep 12 outa 13.
Soo.. just finished properly watching the newest episode. Sorry I wasn't here to discuss the previous two. I blame laziness on that one. I enjoyed it a bit,
😮
what, she steals like 40 cakes or something?
was wondering why that sounded familiar
fair enough
does the training in axz count?
they have nice designs
oh, don't really look at the keywords for this kind of stuff
Was wondering if they were from an event in XDU as I haven't actually looked into that game too deeply
hm
Or Rikka Ryōran
just remembered the whole burnt most of the memory thingy... she'll most likely take a backline role like ^^ suggested up there
seriously though, I wonder if she'll actually end up helping them out a bit
carolnein: oh don't mind me symphogears and shem-ha just have your fun fight.
apologies for slight confusion there
and have to abandon thread from next friday to next saturday
i meant previews for next episode
might end up abandoning the thread for a bit until the episode comes up on next saturday
I'm actually kinda scared about the previews that we'll have on next friday this time
yeah...
...that that was a good fucking finale... had tears welling up at the end of the episode. It's really hard to believe that it's the end of symphogear.
oh boi the chart
true
kinda figured the gears would be lost at the end
I think it's Carol's body with elf9's memories
Guess Shirabe's mecha powers from g were useful!
Maria/Kirika/Shirabe's were better
at least we have the songs to listen to.
same
also yeah that was nice too
I was thinking they were all dead...
So what was your favorite song outa this season now that it's over? I liked Carolnein's the most followed by Maria's and Chris's.
big shame
^^
was a wonderful ride
oh boi the shinais
