Hi! I joined last week and then dipped because I got scared by the size
Hi!
Hi!
That's actually what someone told me, that same person said that I'd fit in here? I'm past life fictionkin actually
Why are people stupid?
What happened?
Haifuri is good
Ranka!
It's such a good anime too it's a shame I can't bring myself to watch it... There may be some trauma in what happened and I won't go into detail
I wanted to watch an anime that helped me through a difficult time last year but I associate it with that time in my life and I'm extremely uncomfortable with it and I can't watch it sadly
It wasn't even nearish me, I wasn't even job hunting nor would I apply to something from that area. It's too far for me. I started job hunting last night and have an interview this week already for Wendy's
I got a creepy text message asking if I'd like a job near me that was wrapping gift sets from 10pm-6am not long ago.
I was 99% sure she shouldn't had came in on Friday, she could barely talk because of the pain.
They'd probably fire another coworker before me anyways. Since I always show up early and haven't called off sick yet. She does this every other day. She got hurt last week and yesterday was begging to come in and sounded like death was knocking on her door. At least from what my coworker said, if she sounded anything like she did on Friday I'd believe it.
That's a lie. It was busy during when the mega million was high.
This store probably won't be open for much longer anyways I should probably job hunt again eventually. There's 3 gas stations within 2 miles of eachother they're all the same company. I work at the one that's never busy.
I reported when I knew my boss would be waking up soon. He wakes at 1-2AM. My coworker said that the managers would fix it
I don't think we did, the money is in the safe now. It's probably an inconvenience to my managers though.
I told my boss and he hasn't responded. I'm scared I'm in big trouble. Not enough to go to jail but maybe enough to be fired. Or my anxiety is playing tricks on me
Hey how much trouble do you think I'd be in if I accidentally left money outside of the register and out of the safe and ended my shift on both the register and safe and then tried to fix it by clocking into the safe and entering the money but its not on my total receipt for the day?
