Alo
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Alo<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Welcome then
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Welcome to the discord
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Alo Welcome to the discord.
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Welcome to the discord Tachibana-san.
oh wow this is awkward
Welcome to the Discord.
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Welcome to the discord. Hope you enjoy your stay.
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Welcome to the group.
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:NoiseTea:688192213762572295>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568> x2
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Alo
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
Alo
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
<:ChrisWave:738169593574719568>
wb
Oooo
Madoka Magica? The best anime for a sadist to watch?
fFuck yeah
Holy Fak, That looks amazing.
Ah yes. The cloth hoops. Love it.
You are getting really good at this. Good work.
For a second there i thought you said Mordred
Aah i love the Ryuki reference.
Sound based, but still
Similar concepts.
Tsubasa with the Sengoku Driver? Nice
You are welcome
*your motivation is a smiling goddess*
https://i.redd.it/81rpu9t6xtx51.jpg
<@!257970367732121602>
Well then
This art is inspiriing
Imagine. A world were Hibki had a twin sister.
Oooo
Poor Edelgard
Gungrave... Pierces your heart and unloads the feels.
Lord now im imagining Chris in the same position as ||Brandon||
Assuming they werent already. XD
Rosaria~ Assassin Nun is best nun.
I also remember it. It was good.
Oh look. Aerith for the Sonic Universe.
Oh lord now im just thinking of Fangire Kanade.
I was gonna say just be you. Too many people try to appeal to a certain " Mandated " Norm these days. So just being you is unique.
Aand my hatred for humanity grows even further.... Lovely.
Rioting was already done for other reasons, im for one expect there to be some riots if the election doesn't go in any of the two sides way.
<:ZweiHug:672455346949980170>
Good luck on the chinese Fenny. I took chinese for four years, prep your hands for serious carpal tunnel.
Besides taxes they are basically left alone so yeah
Lets just hope it doesn't get that bad.
Civil War.
Worst case scenario?
Better or worse? idfk.
Riots will most likely stay around, but damper if Biden wins as shit will actually change.
The riots will become worse if Trump wins, mostly because nothing will change.
Leaning towards Trump.
Hawaii is Bidens and Alaska is still up in the air
It will happen no matter what side wins.
Which they, most likely, will become.
Course. Most of my coworkers are afraid of riots getting worse.
Which is downright insane.
Yes.
And im not fucking political and i hate this guy.
Fucking A, here i thought it would be larger after how much of a moron Trump as been.
Biden still currently has a 1.4% lead right now.
Eeeyup
We all know he basically refuses to transfer power over willingly even if he does lose normally.
Eeeyup
For those of us that live in America, we are fucked either way.
Lets put it this way.
and then another 4 fucking years of being the laughing stock of the world. Ugh.
when i last checked a hour ago it was 210 something Biden 105 Trump
its pretty close right now
What Ardania said
It most likely will take a few days
Yeah
Because the way America works is a normal civilian, by everyone's standards, needs to pick a side.
damn my angry sailor mindset.
I need to stop cursing so much.
Trust me Kerrik, it makes me a American have a massive migraine.
Unfortunately that's the downside to the way America runs.
Unfortunately there is still plenty of time for shenanagins to occur.
So far Bidens advantage.
238 to 213
But entirely plausable.
Not a high chance.
Its possible for NC and GA to get won by Biden.
Trout, try to find something to help calm yourself down. Stress will make it worse, i know this isn't the best of advice. But its the best i got for ya. Hope you start feeling better.
But at least i wouldn't have to deal with this shit.
Not wrong there.
No.
Ugh..... Why couldn't i have been born in a different country... like Japan..... Eh.
There is that yes...
It basically boils down to whether Biden people can best Trumps in the pink states.
Hes pissing everyone around him off.
He can't stop talking
He can't stop tweeting
Because hes a moron
Yeah.
Its really all we can do at this point.
Look for the worst, hope for the best.
Some police
well
Hell we have police currently siding with protestors.
Im certain most forms of the military will most likely just not listen to him.
Im a hermit, and i live in a small enough town that i should be fine. Thanks though Fenny.
Because if i have to live through a god damn pandemic AND a civil war. Im going to be fucking pissed.
I see the worst, hope for the best.
And yet all of my predictions are more needless riots or a full blown civil war.
Ooooo yeah it is.
Which is stupid
269 is including the 20 votes from pen
Biden would have just enough to each 270 where Trump would have 269.
Im aware
Expect a lot of violence.
Its currently 238 vs 213
yes
Things are looking better for Biden.
Trust me... i know a few dozen people who certainly want to.
Biden has a 2.0% lead right now.
So people have actively tried to sabotage the elections.
A lot of mail was found in a ditch somewhere in america.
Basically.
Yes
......What the fuck people
Im tired, so math is hard right now. XD
Its high likely that hes stuck at 269/268[whatever the math is]  when all the states declare who they are majority vote for.
The percentages are why everyone is saying 269.
Festering... Rotting Worms..... Too deep to dig out.
That is a issue that needs to be fixed. Probably never will be, but needs to be.
Because they blast the phones with 10+ texts and 10+ calls a day
They don't need to
its nearly 2 in the morning. Time to sleep.
Don't. Don't try to understand.
And most other politicians are as well.
Our governments system is designed to tear apart the country over some silly ideals that aren't worth fighting eachother for.
Like a Angler fish.
" Land of the Free" is just a nice bullshit way to lure people in.
Eeeyuuup
who knows what
paid off
probably in on it
It.... Really fucking is.
^
Im not proud to be a american. Especailly after the last 4 years
Yeeeahh...
There was candy involved why did no one tell me?
Depending on how hard Trump fights back if he loses
It still could become a international issue
Trump is trying to go against the very rules that kept some form of balance to our stupid system
Haha. Finally. Good news.
If we can even get the bastard out of office without any major issues.
Politics in general is shady
Biden is only .3% behind in Pen.
They are both at 49.4%
Or just being really close holy hell
Not a lot id expect.
Lord this is both stupid and highly hilarious.
......
Eeeeyup.
Biden in lead by 2.7%
Both Pen and Georgia are now light blue.
You say that, but ironically each state kinda has their own accent.
As a american im almost certain that its Ne-vah-duh. XD
Where i live its winter 4-5 months of the year. Some people consider its pretty seeing a shit ton of snow everywhere.
*too bad most of our pretty shit is going under*
Indeed it is.
Las Vegas for example is in the middle of a bloody desert
A lot of the US in the southern half are unfarmable land due to vast wastelands.
What Melua said
Weigh the pros and con's of everything?
Welp.
unsure. But this does just make it harder for Trump to really do anything against it. Pen became Bidens and Georgia is on its way to that same conclusion.
Looks like Biden won
Yes you can Pale.
RIP my childhood hero then.
Welp
That extra 50 mil is for their ridiculously overpriced alcohol and meals.
About as heart breaking as Dragon Maid's studio burned down in a arson attack.
Aah.... Alright.
<:ChrisPray:672578403156885504>
I got forced into a hospital for 3 nights and 2 days and it costed me $4000.
Unfortunately yes. America is kinda not a great place to live if you plan on being healthy or having regular trips to the doctor.
That being said, i do feel sorry for everyone who has had to suffer at the hands of a worthless parent.
This isn't symphogear. So i survive, cold hearted and apathic.
But this isn't a anime.
My father left me and my disgrace of a mother at birth. Showed up once or twice a year, mostly on christmas or birthday. Then ditched entirely after a few years. Tried reconnecting a few more years. Told him to fuck off and die. Then did the same to my mother a few years later. I've longed learned that if im like anyone from Symphogear, the closest is Chris.
My faith in humanity as a whole was already scraping the bottom of the barrel, but this is just. Something that is quite annoying no? Watching corrupt leaders continue to let others die for their petty and foolish desires of greed or pride. None the less, i continue to observe and analyze their strange behavior.
Prediction doesn't make it any less frustrating.
Day 6: I wonder. Why do humans constantly go to bars during a pandemic that has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives. Do they believe the drunkard state would protect them? Observations say otherwise. Humans are truly a unpredictable species, and thus are frustrating.
If not seriously taxed or fined to hell for all the property damage they are doing
Not a day goes by without America making me regret ever being born human. These idiots are gonna get themselves seriously hurt or put in prison for years for this little stunt.
Oh it is
I see this ending in a bloodbath. The military isnt gonna sit idly by while this shit happens
So. Remember when we said worse case scenario a civil war? Thankfully this isnt that, but christ people are idiotic.
Eeeyup
American news is different to every other countries news
It means they need to take their heads out of their asses and get moving.
Oh lord
Called it.
Just freaking shoot them already. Christs sake.
Interesting gas mask
Short answer. No. No he isnt.
Its what happens in a country built off deception.
And the rest of the world is probably laughing at us
Lord he needs to shut up
Itchy trigger finger
Im still surprised they denied it in general.
That doesn't mean that you can do this just because the opposite side won the election
Thats not what im wtf'ing about
Wtf
This. This is how the crusades started. None of them ended well.
I seriously believe these people need to be treated like rabid animals
But jesus christ this is only proving my natural hatred for humanity, at least for the stupid humans who can't think for themselves.
Normally i joke with my friends about wiping the slate clean with humanity.
We are unfortunately a country that changes in someways. Yet is stagnant in others.
What lank said.
Welp
*decent ish, its still terrible. But hey silver lining*
But this does do one decent thing.
But man. My states capital is gonna have a hell of a time.
Good thing i live in a college town.
Certain firearms are legally ownable yes. Anything non-military ( like sniper rifles ) and non automatics. Its perfectly legal to own a 357 magnum.
Just pure chaos.
This isn't evil Stellar
That's counteractive.
That's called stripping humanity of free will.
Its why it doesn't exist, because Humanity cannot cooperate with itself long enough to create it.
Utopia's don't just rely on pristine governments. It also relies on every single mortal being involved it, to cooperate with each other. To not let petty emotions or personal desires get in the way.
That's called a utopia. Utopia's don't exist.
Even i know a perfect society is impossible.
Hooooollllll up
Im a realism nihilist. Even i know this is more chaos than the world can handle.
My lord this will end in anarchy.
And for the criminal underworld to collapse entirely.
That's chaos. Evil being all that and expecting to profit or gain something from it personally.
https://www.timesofisrael.com/book-of-the-dead-texts-unearthed-in-ancient-egypt-necropolis/amp/
<:TsubasaNeutral:688429723205894149>
Hence the general distrust most US Citizens have with politics and the police as of late.
Its a high stress job. Even then, its also high paying and very easy to fall into corruption.
He very well might be
And not get immediately snuffed out by someone not wanting to take a risk.
He will be lucky if he ever even is capable of getting a seat in any form of politics.
Heres the thing. We have witness this man in the seat and him absolutely abuse it.
Because he is one?
Especially Elfen Lied and Death Note
Yes
All of those shows,minus Naruto and Inuyashiki(?), are meant for aadult or teenage viewers
Its a work of art, not actual reality.
Because its fictional
*all of the avoidable optional bosses, and avoidable monsters*
Nah. Same story.
The concept of humans killing each other being a concept as old as time?
Because it isn't real?
You dont blame the makers of FPS games for violent shooters. You blame the person shooting the victims. Violence and shooting civilians isn't normalized. Is there a correlation? Maybe. But correlation isnt causation.
The story itself is tragic and otherwise beautiful in its own way. If you try to compare it to reality and morals, you are bound to just ruin the series as a whole for yourself.
By time we reach the genocide part Eren is a broken soul, filled to the brim with trauma of watching friends and family alike die around him.
It tells a tragic story of a broken man and a broken country. Who has lived under distress and fear for many generations.
I think entirely without morality involved.
No.
Nothing different.
Yet in a story like AoT it has none of that.
Genocide in reality is weighty as it effects everyone in some form of fashion.
This is your question and what i gave you is your answer.
"i'm trying to understand what reason someone would support genocide in attack on titan and not support actual genocide."
And we have said why multiple times. Its a story so its fine, because it has no real life weight on the world around us.
Reading/watching AoT won't suddenly make you a genocide supporter.
But that doesn't mean ones personal views are reflective of " Oh its just a story so its fine. " Because it has no real weight on us in reality.
To enjoy the story sure.
At the end of the day it doesn't exist so its not worth fretting over?
No?
Its still a story so i don't see why it should matter if it has genocide or not.
Its a story. One with a bitter sweet ending. That's all it is.
AoT isn't.
Also you are bound to ruin things for yourself if you constantly look for political implications in others creations.
wat
Oh the " you have to look this way, do this kind of job, act this way" Bullshit. Yeah its pretty bad, Women have it worse as far as im aware though.
Im still confused how this has to do with manliness
No. Not at all.
Im very confused by that last statement
As well as things like racism and other petty bullshit
The culture of violence was made because of peoples mental health gradually decaying over generations.
It was. I was honestly shocked it was even made in the first place, then i remembered what country i live in.
Thank you Rady.
And those people are madmen
Its a revenge story.
No its really not.
No
You cannot use another anime as a defense for someone to make Redo
no
okay
Im not getting into a debate over a term i didn't even create.
I only said it because its happened to me a few times already.
Its a animation yes.
If you want people to take a single look at Redo and consider it anime and then never touch anime again. Then sure call it anime.
And?
At least i consider it that.
Like how OPM is satire of shonen anime. Reviewers is satire of Ecchi/ Hentai.
Reviewers is miles better than Redo.
Redo
*i uh. Watched it due to curiosity* Its not for the faint of heart. In fact id suggest steering clear of the show
Noble had a video discussing it and... Well. His reaction is pretty understandable.
Interspecies Reviewers is.... odd. Im not sure why its not considered it
Ecchi rides the line. Redo is not Ecchi as it breaks that line and goes miles further
At least from what i know of it.
Offbrand is a general term for animated porn. Also known as Hentai.
Redo of a Healer isn't a anime Its offbrand. Its marketed as a anime, which is insane and shouldn't have happened in the first place.
While i have no experience with that much. Not that i care about them, i get where you come from with it.
You are fine Dun.
Although Twitter is just cauldren of messes so
Oh it was a mess everywhere
Nope
Compared to it yes
They are official
DnD for the longest time has had some races lean towards evil actions strictly due to the lore placed behind those races.
Its as Rady said.
Except you should in biological ability.
Not true.
my apologies.
oh
Wat. Lass. No. sorry. Just no.
.....
Then what *is* the point?
*sighs as no one pays attention to the lore of the races*
Recent books changed how those races work via ability scores.
Because they already removed it Rady
I've played others.
Except it does.
Kobolds and Orcs, but they removed their debuff's
..You do know that you can actually *roleplay outside* of the mechanics of the game right?
Melua you are combining the mechanics with the roleplay of it.
Yeah mechanically you aren't as great as a elf wizard. Oh well.
Its roleplay value.
And?
Why?
I've *had* Orc Wizards in my campaigns and they do just fine.
No. It simply makes it rougher.
The glory of DnD is the availability to do whatever you want with your character.
Because that's bad game design if you lock down a race to a specific set of classes.
And btw. Dnd for the longest time has outright abandoned races being strictly one alignment in favor of " They lean towards this and this. "
*minus everything that acts as a blockade*
Essentially?
And i've Dm'd for about the same amount of time if not a bit longer.
*you can ask Rady*
It derailed to DnD for a bit
Yep. Sounds like the failing education system.
I've met a few trans people in my life. Dated one. Most of them are just people trying to live comfortably like everyone else.
There are such things as irrational fears. Fears with no reason for being there.
All i care about is him never being able to be president again
That's part of things going south for him, but yeah.
Yeah. Trump's refusal to just move on and continued insistence that he won when he lost, is pissing off a lot of his helpers. So Trump will have to work up another legal team within a week if he doesn't want this going south for him.
Surprising
And that's the last of my philosophical words of advice.
And most important. Do not forget yourself. Be who you wish to be, but don't forget about who you are. Your morals. Your ideals.
Im not sure how much help these words will be. But you are 17 now. The precipice of the teenage years to new adulthood. Soon in your life, whether years from now or months, you will find people in similar boats of life. Bond with them. Share your pain and in return let them share theirs. You will only become stronger as the years come and go. Problems of many kinds will arrive, but they are temporary like human life. Do not forget to take time for yourself. To relax. Recharge, in both a physical and mental state. Do not push yourself too harshly. Living life isn't about the end goal, its about the journey you take.
...... That is true.
Now that one
*this is totally untrue for the most part btw*
*welcome to America, where no one gives a fuck about anyone elses rights, but their own.*
Insight?..... What highschool class are you taking that focusing on the concept of insighting?
Nope
Spineless coward
If your Aunts are any bit of good person, they wouldn't let you suffer like this.
The home you live in is not good for you. Physical or mental.
Also don't be afraid to be a little selfish sometimes.
What Zenbu said.
Child Services seriously isn't letting.... What the hell.
<:ZweiHug:672455346949980170>
Nothing i can come up would help. Sorry, it must be a nightmare where you are.
Hmm....
She sounds mentally insane.
PFFFT Alright.
I thought Ireland was majority Catholic. huh.
However Men being plural of many sentient free willed beings is something one should avoid.
The police as a organization works for generalization due to past performance as a organization.
Theres a difference though
Because people would rather blame the whole instead of just the individuals.
Sooooo. This happened
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/02/17/nyregion/atlantic-city-trump-plaza-implosion.html
But then again im a simple man and physical labor is both rewarding for the wallet and rewarding for the body.
i still refuse to go to college. Im not wasting thousands of dollars and 4 years of my life to get a piece of paper that may help me get certain jobs related to it.
Well Texas is drowning in snow
We outlived the black plague by outbreeding it. We outlived the many wars that have claimed millions of lives, by outbreeding it.
What remains of human instinct would kick in, resulting in the one way humanity has survived many issues. Reproduction. Outbreed the danger.
Ah
Well. Id always say tell someone, but im not sure what the legal madness of ireland is.
Im sure Iris will help you plan out a diet that's good for you.
You are on the very light side of the tall height.
If it wasn't the fact that im entirely European in blood, id probably be bigger.
You are a bit lighter than my roommate.
oh. Wow.
The food here will put some weight on ya, so be careful with the intake.
Hell im 5'11"- 6' tall and over 200 lb.
As a American its impossible to deny the fact
Oh trust me, you werent.
Be prepared for lots of BBQ. Even when you are here, id suggest managing your diet further.
Yeeeeah....
But Minnesota is full of good food, so don't feel rushed once that time comes. It ain't going anywhere anytime soon.
Yeah, once you get into a healthier home. Id suggest slowly increasing the amount of food you eat. Trying to stuff your stomach full off the bat could cause serious health issues.
But, shit.
I know in America they would jump at the chance of looking into this
Well fuck
huh
Im confused on the statement, could anyone clarify?
I never said they had good thumbnails
And there should be something online, probably a youtube vid or something.
Same as Copper.
I hate the culture we are living in right now
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/02/books/dr-seuss-mulberry-street.html
I tried to learn other languages. Its rough when you don't live in a environment where you constantly hear it
I see M. I think Miles. Not Meters Loris. Is just weird for me.
Thank you. Just M doesn't help it, im American.
meters or miles?
As for Arkansas........ Shit.
On the Genshin Impact topic. Its dumb and is pointless.
" We believe they were active. " Then show the damn footage.
I also believe that hollow point is considered illegal to own here in the US.
With America is weird. Guns first go to the military. Then once they change which guns are in the military. The older stuff becomes available to the public
Im not a betting man, but I'd wager thats accurate.
No. But they will eventually make their way into civilian hands.
Tell that to the American Military.
They cost more, but their demand is low. Hence nonprofitable.
Because Guns arent as profitable in other countries.
Its not culled at all. If it was it wouldnt exist.
Either way you give the black market more fuel.
The issue is many turn to crime because our system fails them.
The US does try to teach gun safety.
Not sure what its like in other countries.
The police in America are, depending on the state, highly untrusted.
Which is weird due to a machetes usual size
Machete counts as a knife.
Seeing as 50 cal is capable of piercing some tanks armor. Id fucking hope so.
But pistols are essentially free play.
Right now in America. Fully Automatic rifles are banned/ extremely limited.
Thats the issue with people who just listen to whatever the news says. Without doing their own research.
George Floyd was also a bigger guy. That and some people need larger doses in order for the medicine to actually function.
This isnt even including the fact that there were 3 guys ontop of him.
The reason i doubt China is doing good, is because its Government is too focused on looking good and making their country sound great. The Hong Kong disaster, all the information about how Covid started and where it came from.
From what information China is letting everyone see? Potentially.
Somehow i doubt they are doing worse than China.
Seeing as they actively already wear masks and make sure working environments are clean.
Japan is treating it like a normal disease. Plus with the way things work there, im not horribly surprised.
I don't count making the thing that keeps people who need it to live,  be unable to get it as improved.
You would think people would not let things like the black plague happen again. Yet This is excellent proof of why i hate humans.
...Well. Can't say its not a strangely accurate time to get a entirely different vaccine up and running.
The entire point of this initial conversation.
While that's true, people are fucking morons and ignore it. So the next best solution is limiting the overall death rate by sharing the fucking Vaccine world wide.
Covid is built with a similar structure to the Flu. Its why im saying it's better to not focus on limiting exposure and instead limiting deaths.
Covid has been exploding here in the US.
That's the biggest fucking lie i've ever seen.
I don't understand any of your lines of thinking.
No.
That's the only stat that actually matters. A disease is gonna infect everyone it can, the death or continued life of a patient is far more important.
What?
Its actually 1.8%
You call Japans 5% death rate the largest failure?
Those people are idiots so just ignore them.
Id ignore people like that.
Wtf
Kk. Didn't see that.
You do know Texas has its own power grid separated from US' Federal power grid yes?
The housing there wasnt prepped for a actual winter. Not like i blame them for being a summer all year round state
Well.... About Texas.
Theres a answer to this. Its called Pepper spray.
One of the Richest men alive is a bit of a dick. Shocker. Not really, rich people typically want to stay that way.
Damn. Whats this about the election now?
Oh i missed the death penalty moralty discussion.
As someone who isn't close, and rather despises both parents, i understand the pain and mental wounds you have. My father abandoned me essentially after i was born, only showing up twice a year till i was eight. Vanishing after that entirely. My mother used me for nothing more than free labor and would physically harm me whenever she got angry with me.

As someone who grew a blackened heart to survive, i do wish you the best of luck with your own situation.
No. No they shouldn't. But people should not have kids if they aren't ready for them either.
Yikes.... Good luck with that. Hopefully a ceasefire is ordered sometime soon.
People be crazy.
From what i know about Israel. They have a terrifying military and should not be fucked with.
Or if its just the summer heat getting to me.
So. I dont know if my introvert battery needs time to recharge or if im just feeling off because of life.
Seriously. Suicide in jail? He had to have been murdered.
Oh wow its not like anyone with a brain called this months-years ago.
Theres only 2 reasons why this would happen and niether are good.
https://www.yahoo.com/gma/7-nooses-found-amazon-construction-020335316.html
Texas is its own beast. Why this was even a idea is beyond me.
Otherwise good luck. Hope things go well for ya.
No idea.
Take your time adjusting. Could take either while or not too much time at all. Hopefully the others there help make your either temporary or not-so-temporary stay a bit more pleasant.
Your cognition of reality doesn't really mesh well with ours right now. So things will probably be weird for a while.
Yeeah. That could be a sensation for a while.
Trust me. I wish there were quirks or magic involved in this world. Unfortunately there isn't.
Also the girls in there aren't bad people so don't be too shy.
So. As to why you are here, no idea. As previously stated, this world of ours lacks anything.... unique. not including the near endless strife and chaos. You Izuku are in, i believe Ireland. So about.... oh several thousand miles from Japan. As for the others.... well. Sorry don't have a explanation for that one.
ah This will be a fascinating way to explain
This doesn't dismiss my point. Tomb Raider as a franchise has had damn good success overall.
Most rpgs that allow character customization let you pick male or female.
*or any game Lightning from FF is in*
Or Enslaved. Or Laura Croft.
That and there are games with female MC's that have renowning success. Such as Tales of Berseria.
The statement of " Women dont sell " is kinda contradictory to " Sex sells ".
Well this is certainly..... something else.
*shrug* i played that game years ago. I was almost certain there are parts that you play as Trip. Despite how important she is story wise.
It really doesn't help their image.
Well. Thats a given.
Who doesn't know that pepperoni was a pork and beef mix?
What did my school teach me to do? Sign a check. Thats it. Nothing on Taxes. Nothing on general car knowledge. Nothing that actually benefits my adult life.
Yes they teach you how to learn. But thats the point of Elementary and Middle school. High School is supposed to prep you for the outside world and the struggles that inhabit it.
To be fair. The American school system is completely useless in most scenarios.
Yeah no, sorry. Hard Disagree. High School is around the time people start to get into the upper teens. I cannot stress how badly i've seen some of my fellow graduates *fail* Because highschool didn't prep them enough. Learning Taxes and other skills that could you know, actually be useful in life are fundamentally *nonexistant*. Anyway, sorry to bring up a older topic. Just got home from work and my last post was on my break. Just putting my last two cents in and movin on.
I never went to college. A waste of my time for a paper that *might* get me into a job.
I had to learn what not to do. By observing my own mothers inability to finance.
They wait till college for that, which in America is a total scam, and charge you a insane amount of money for it.
Hell they dont even teach simple self financing.
Welp. Human nature for violence strikes again
Huh.
Who?
I don't remember what the specific medicine's name was. I think it started with a Z? i don't know. But i do know that it contains a very small amount of meth in it, so yeah.
Its very small amounts of meth, but still just so you are aware.
So. One. The medicine they give you has meth in it. I stopped taking several years ago, but my metabolism is still slowed down. My housemate didnt stop taking it till a few years ago. But he was i think underweight while he was on it.
But oh well. Not uncommon. Fair enough.
Well... It would be that if they were ever married and if dear old dad never fucked off the moment i was born.
So. This might be weird, but i grew up a only child. Yet i have 3 younger half siblings. Two from my deadbeat sperm donor of a father and one from my controlfreak verbally abusive mother. I just wonder what the odds of people having only half siblings are. The two from the father are... maybe in their.... anywhere from preteens to late teens now.
They would never forgive that much though
Hope you are able to get what you need. Good luck.
*pats head* Eyes on the prize.
Honestly. If a woman rapes a man and gets pregnant from it. The man should be free from anything related to it. Shouldn't have to pay child support, gonna need the money for therapy. The woman gets sent to jail and when the baby is born, its put to a orphanage. With her having forfeit her right to care for it.
Well.....Shite mate. Good luck.
This is a... Interesting case.
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/06/25/world/europe/greece-migrants.html
The ironic thing is that american soccer/ World football is treated as big as the olympics to the countries involved. So with how American football fans get, im not doubting that people in other countries could get violent.
Bounty Hunters are gonna love going after him then. If that career still exists.
Welp.
You know. Its not that unbelievable to hear from a southern state. Unfortunately enough
Ah.Ten. Lovely.
Welp. Time to see a surge in child death rate from just about any potential disease... where is this happening?
People are free to do whatever the hell they want with their own body, why it bothers people when it has nothing to do with them is beyond my comprehension.
I mean. Fuck. *IM* a asshole and even then i don't cross points that have nothing to do with me.
Im fine with what Armis is arguing for.
Why? So that people who use them for self defense purposes are left defenseless?
A gun is just a tool. Same to a knife or bat. One meant for self defense or hunting. Blaming the tool over the people using the tool irresponsibly is just insane.
Hence my point of learning the responsibility and common fucking sense behind it.
Yeah. Responsible gun owners do that.
Guns in and out of themselves arent the issue.
The kids get their guns from taking it from their parents.
The gun laws are fine. It only looks bad when the gun education is shit. Anyone can learn how to shoot a gun, but not everyone is properly taught the responsibility a gun requires.
Their gun policy isnt the real issue. Its the lack of proper gun education.
I blame America's piss poor parenting and mental health aid.
Japans laws are mostly differently from our own in some regards. So i wouldn't be surprised if he couldn't.
Restriction no.
Regulation yes.
Atleast not here.
It is. But that isnt gonna happen.
But thats more about governmental politics and i want nothing to do with that dumpster fire.
Or care in the slightest.
Our government is shit. Ill freely admit that. But i cant expect it to give a shit.
I get where you are coming from. But expecting anything more from America is a oversight on your point.
Owning a gun isnt the issue. Irresponsibly handling a gun is the issue.
I myself have proven statistics wrong in multiple accounts.
Statistics is based off variables that are believed to be all there. There are always variables that arent added in or predicted to occur.
Statistics can be proven wrong. Not common for it to be, but it still occurs.
But the amount of mass damage caused by civilians alone is enough to justify my thought process.
Dont get me wrong. That year was shit for everyone
Id argue 2020.
Good for you Lank. Id rather not risk the chances. Especially in the hell hole that America is with all its. . unfortunate issues.
Id rather live in a world where i have options for defense. Instead of having to rely on the competence of law enforcement. Which for here in America is questionable at best.
I still argue for owner responsibility over limiting such things so extremely.
They wouldnt. That much im sure of.
It also helps out criminals who get their guns/parts illegally anyway.
Again Lank. You cant just ban pistols when that only hurts innocent civilians.
Where being stabbed to death is more likely
Im only aware of it in Japan.
But straight banning a pistol is insanely over reactive.
California is largely known for a bunch of weird laws and other governmental dealings. That being said if i remember right they were one of the first few to legalize weed.
Also its California. So. Yeah.
If the thing is that Taiwan is missing then China can grow the fuck up.
I find it to be the exact opposite way. Giving China a bit too much credit there.
Niether do i, but it doesn't change the level of stupidity that it is.
Im sure the chinese people are doing what they can with the cards dealt to them. But their government needs to knock it the fuck off.
Not the point of the conversation.
Point being is that China is too stubborn to admit that they lost control of Taiwan and the Sea.
China is as much to blame for world pollution as America is. As well as other countries.
China being a communist country is fine, whatever. China being a moronic communist country who is continuously starting shit over locations that aren;t in their control is frustrating to say the least.
Israel is a whole different can of worms.
The fact that i can say this proudly is insane. Because at least i know America won't needless howl and harass some foreigner about some country like Taiwan.
The star of the topic.
Yeah. And then continued to shield China in specific.
But i don't appreciate people needless crapping on my home country when no one was even talking about us.
I know how bad it is here, trust me im entirely ashamed of being American.
Im from America. If you want to rip on America feel free too. But when the topic is on another countries issues and you come in here and shield the conversation towards America's problems. It pisses people off.
And yet its still producing less than China who is only 59 percent city.
America is 81 percent city.
Its BS because you are comparing two countries capita when they are dramatically different geographically.
Yeah. Sure. But still is a giant compared to America, EU, and India combined. India who has the second highest population in the world just behind China.
The fact's are there. The topic was China's Emissions, not America's.  Quit needlessly shitting on the country that everyone already knows is a dumpster fire.
So no. Your per capita arguement is invalid.
In that 59 percent urban they are producing more than 81 percent of a urban society like America.
Compared to US 19 percent.
And because of that you cannot use a per capita bs, because of the fact that 41 percent is still rural.
That doesn't say anything? That says freaking everything. India has some of the highest population numbers in history next to China and China is still producing more gas emissions than them and two other massive countries combined.
" In 2019, China's Greenhouse gas emissions accounted for 27 percent of the global emissions. More than the combined sum of US, EU, And India. " In 13 years its over taken US completely.
Im searching for a decent map that's at least 2020.
That's fair.
But they are apparently working on a way to help decrease their emissions, so we will see how much that helps them.
Im just saying China is currently sitting on the throne as #1.
Im not denying that America is a member of the top 5 worst polluters.
I was not aware of that.
Faaaaak.
Wait seriously?
It may not, but 4 years is a lot of time for things to change.
You are using old data to argue fresh data.
That Article is a few months old.
Lank that map is 4 years old
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/07/16/business/energy-environment/china-carbon-market.html#:~:text=July%2016%2C%202021%2C%204%3A26%20a.m.%20ET%20China%2C%20the,a%20long-awaited%20step%20aimed%20at%20fighting%20climate%20change.
If you don't believe me then here.
Except China is the largest polluting country since April of this year. That being said, i think i saw them start doing some Markets to help fight climate change. But im not sure what the accuracy of it is.
Figure out a new way to do. Humans are good at that.
Im not a scientist.
Then if you are so smart, do it yourself.
But it is 3 AM and i need to sleep. But im not gonna waste my time with someone who very clearly despises America. Not like i blame you for it.
Whatever the mathmatics behind that is beyond me.
Or just hold the entire country responsible for the amount it as a whole has produced.
Im half wondering if the artist knows that somewhere in Hungary, someone is using their character to spread such things.
Wtf?
.......This. This got printed?
Seen
Well
That. That is just thee most naive statement ive heard.
There is very clearly a difference.
By SJW are we talking about the people fighting for equality? Or those morons who are out to ruin everything they touch?
I got.... maybe 60 years left to live. At best. Maybe 70-80 depending on how things go.  The best one can do using that method is be the start of a ideal. Which is... Well. Not reliable.
That is the second worst option.
HA
Probably.
But the best method i can think of that can help fix things will only get me killed or worse locked away.
Lazy sure.
Although i guess i am carrying on the old will, but oh well.
Im not a 100 percent sure if that's even true anymore.
While i wish i could agree.
Realism Nihilist. Im not about to go out and kill people because nothing matters. That just stupid.
if given time.
Im talking about giving the Earth time to heal.
Earth.
Not extinction, but certainly the fresh restart that id believe would be the best chance.
*shrug* Or world war 3
Your saying as if Humanity was ever gonna be the victor.
I cannot claim to know the future, for that is unpredictable.
But who knows.
Oh don't get me wrong. Its about less than 5 percent chance for humanity to not crumble at this rate.
Or not and be pleasantly surprised.
But no. I wanna see if this human empire crumbles like all the rest.
Consuming media is also pointless. False information is too..... Present.
..... You half got me.
At least with that i can observe and document.
Which unfortunately this present day humanity society seems to make a lot of.
I find no point to self terminations besides being weak willed.
Self Termination dictates that i cannot continue to observe or at least enjoy the simple things humans made. So yes it was discarded.
Which in the end result matters how? Removing any form of morality from any form of equation.
At least not how i see things moving forward.
Which unfortunately won't occur due to one thing that will never be taken away.
Because id rather see humanity evolve into something greater. Racism. Sexism. All of it is confusing to me as why it fucking exists in the first place. While i despise humanity in general, its only because i've studied the history and see a greatly frustrating pattern.
Thank you
I care more for the future of my species than some petty idealistic horseshit.
Im a realist nihilist who is also a raging anti-social introvert. I forgot the term for anti-people in general.
Sex sells. Male or female, at least now-a-days.
Yet no one uses that same phrase to argue seeing the muscular man in a fucking speedo.
1: im not out to better the world. Id rather see it have a fresh start, but thats just my nihilism talking. 
2: I dont care what their motives are. The topic alone isnt one that the phrase" Results justify the means" should be applied to.  
3: all i want is for them to keep their grubby political fingers out of the entertainment businesses. 
4: Im still confused why these fucking things are even a issue. Seriously. Half this shit or more should already be in place. Like tampons, ffs make those free already.
But their success rates are less than optimal and the duration is questionable.
Dozens
Yes there are peaceful options.
No shit. Why do you think i make sure to remove morality and emotions from the critical thinking?
*points to the name*
....
...Lots of mental trauma.
Yes
Beastial?
My nature wants me to claw the eyes out of every thing that pisses me off. But the entire point of society is keep that part of me chained like a fucking pup!
Because then things like betrayal from the inside wouldn't exist!
It doesn't even have to be a full hive mind. Just enough so that one doesn't desire themselves more than the whole!
But human pride has essentially stopped that at the heels.
Humanity as it is now will always put itself as a individual over the whole. The only fucking way we are gonna make good progress as a species is by working together.
And rid myself of my own dark temptations and desires? Sure. Id accept that outcome.
Do you not understand how bad the aspect of self has *Seriously* Fucked over the entire species as a whole!
I FUCKING WISH WE WOULD BE
Even im guilty of this.
Hence why i despise humanity. Who places value on money more so than their entire species.
Government mandate or not.
*the people who own the fucking stock markets*
Oh i don't know
And then you are in another for of dumpster fire.
You get rebellion by forcing it.
Forcing it will do no good
But that's never gonna fucking happen.
One of them is if humanity throws away its self of individual pride and brings in a concept of connected pride as a entire species.
The construct of morality is something i tend to remove when thinking such choices. Sorry if its uncomfortable.
Fair enough Melua
Ah
And?
Damn you Melua
Ugh
Sometimes you have to make rough choices, whether or not your hated is just a variable that doesn't matter.
Lily.
Essentially. Greed and the higher forms of society it comes with.
Corporations making money instead of just doing things to benefit.
...And that is the enemy i have to face.
Kinda proud of humanity for that
Or colonization in space, which i know is starting to be more of a thing.
Because ugh.
So i feel silly
This was before Thanos
" Wipe out half of humanity. "
I always remember being asked. " How would you solve world hunger? "
*sighs* If i did, id be locked away. And no i know you don't mean physically fight.
But then again im probably just being too specific.
I see change constantly enacted. Just not the one im looking for.
Maybe to you.
That's because everyone clings to the hope of progress being done *After* Their death.
After im done healing fully certainly.
Maybe.
Ah... Well. Sorry about that to all involved.
Then yes it would be nice if those two would knock it the fuck off.
Ah
I keep forgetting if Saudi Arabia is the one having a bombing dick measuring contest with Israel or not
Although that process in Saudi Arabia would be nice
Although that is assuming things proceed peacefully without any problems.
Elimination of said imperialism, leaving civilizations out of it as much as possible. Then claiming a plot of unclaimed land as a testing site. Approximate years till completion. 10-20, maybe 30 years to terraform enough land to provide fertile soil in order to grow healthy crops.
No. WEll yes kinda
Then just remove it.
Clearly it doesn't when the majority of the population in the southern ends starve.
You say that as if Africa has plenty of resources.
...attempting a tundra based farm land, but that would require shit tons of biological engineering.
Which best slot for that would be converting most of Africa's land into terraformed farm land.
I remember the value. The pain. The rage.
Other possible solutions would include making farm land from unfertile soil.
That was me 6 years ago.
To be fair
I just know the process.
Been slowly healing my own mental wounds and i kinda lost the specific vision i had back then.
Im not entirely sure anymore.
To be honest?
Mhm?
I hate my own family so no problem there.
But to account for all the possible variables is both mentally exhausting and draining.
For now yeah.
Im blaming the world for human problems.
Im not blaming the world for America's problems.
Assuming we aren't on that path already.
Yeah well thats what happens when you live in a country that's... Id say give or take a few years from being the same America from Metal Gear's version.
Lord i hate politics.
There's a video of that somewhere.
Oh yes. Because a adult woman with two kids can work two jobs and still be in the poor area of finances.
True. Ish. Some countries better than others.
See
....
keep
or well
Its almost like money is a hard thing to come by
No shit Lank
There is a process to avoid the family part being as bad.
Well.
Lily. You would know my songs are filled with nothing, but sadness and rage.
First ive heard of this too
Apparently
I cant tell if this is good or bad.
Its not just the elites fault.
Unfortunately i do
Not sure what a Alabamian Pasttime is. But seeing as consent is included in the sentence. Its nothing good.
I cant view it on me phone. Someone give me the details.
I mean i can see that yeah. I wonder how much time was taken to translate it.
Well yeah. The text is usually in the same ballpark though. These two have two entirely possible different intentions behind the wording. While i know translating one language to another isn't a simple process it still seems a bit out there.
That second one i can see why because of the " I fell for you " Line. Which is typically a sentence used for attraction and love in english, but i don't know why they are so dramatically different.
Plus id imagine it feels kinda outta left field.
Because Mineta, im assuming from MHA, was always depicted as a skirt chaser or being very heavily straight. *shrug*
It just seems like a pointless attempt at brownie points.
That's kinda what i was thinking. Why decide now to add that to his character when it hasn't even been hinted at before in any of the previous chapters?
This is nothing,but a bad omen for future world-wide weather
https://sports.yahoo.com/study-warns-irreversible-transition-ocean-201451215.html
There's always a long attempt at gene splicing immune system's.
Also known as another scam.
This feels illegal as hell
Oh hey Fox News the worst possible news station.
A update to the Belarus Olympic situation.
https://thehill.com/policy/international/566694-ioc-removes-belarus-coaches-after-they-ordered-sprinter-to-return-home
I mean yeah logic pointed from previous statement's, but still.
Well. Yeah. Older generations do what they can, but still leave messes that need to be cleaned up and expect us to do it. 
As for the current topic. WTF TEXAS. Fuckin idiots.
Is it possible that it was a virus from thousand plus years ago that just got freed when the ice started to melt in the arctic? Also possible.
Is it possible for either country to do this? Potentially. Is it likely America did it? No.
America is the devil i know. China is the devil i don't know. Well, not nearly as much.
So. Apparently China thinks America made Covid.
https://www.cnn.com/2021/08/06/china/china-covid-origin-mic-intl-hnk/index.html
Im just wasting my time with people who just hate America for being America. Im out of this conversation.
Mute point by that time!
After it already spread all over the damn world!
You want to blame America for the disease when China could of put themselves into lock down to keep the disease from spreading?
Yeah. No we arent.
But blaming a Country that is a victim of lack of information and had no idea this shit was happening till it was too late, is just fucking stupid.
Don't get me wrong. America fucked up because of Trump.
Yeah. Sorry. I don't give a shit if China has a hurt ego. They fucked up and are desperately trying to pin the blame on America.
With a fucking disease that has killed 4 million people world wide?
China deliberately withheld information.
How is it dumb?
As Ground Zero and Patient Zero, China fucked up big time. Now everyone is paying for the initial fuck up. Whether or not their own governments handle the issue correctly thus making their own matters worse, wasn't the point.
The question isn't " Would the West have done better "
You are a person yes.
There are people who are just Asexual and there's nothing wrong with that.
I see that potentially pissing of China as well.
Sounds like a typical government law cycle to me. Which sucks cause im too used to it.
This sounds about par for the course of China.
Im surprised a parent allows that.
Holy fuck.
Man i cant even imagine trying that with Mandarin Chinese.
Weird design choice.
Looks like some form of Detox thing that also works like a laxative?
Yeah. America says it fixes stuff. I wouldn't trust it.
I can understand that. Life isn't a raceway, hoping you do good and holding yourself to unreasonable expectations. Do your best, take each day one at a time, just try to live. Life is meaningless on its own, so find your own reason to do things. Hang with friends, find a significant other if you so feel.
First. Breath. Second. Just take it one day at a time.
Oh new Orleans.
Where is it?
Spring and Fall are my favorite's. Cool and warm for the most part. Plus the nice nights make for good walks.
The sun is just not my friend, unlike the light of the moon.
It affects me the same way.
.....What the fuck am i looking at
.....What the fuck am i looking at
Yikes. Internal issues are always pretty bad. Good luck to your sis.
.........This is drastic
Again. Im not surprised. This is China. Who is infamous for doing everything they can to limit information.
Limiting with forms of media to the point of tyrantism? Yes. They are like that with movies and TV as well.
So. Apparently. Texas decided it was A-okay to pass a law that essentially bans abortions in general. As well as the law for some apparent reasons, bans anyone from taking a woman who wants an abortion to the medical centers devoted to that.
https://www.usnews.com/news/top-news/articles/2021-09-06/us-justice-dept-says-will-protect-texas-abortion-clinics-that-come-under-attack
Yeah that's how Saudi Arabia works as far as im aware.
Over all, they are a state that just simply refuses to cooperate with the rest of US.
Yet a scarily large amount of Texas houses weren't built for that kinda weather so they just collapsed
Well. Texas has yet to even become part of the countries power grid and other systems. Despite the sudden weather shift that made them have the same snow level of say Wisconsin.
But yeah... Texas is one hell of a state.
whether they are successful is to be seen.
I did see something that Lyft and many other places are going after this law to have it removed. Simply due to how it invades people's privacy and other rights.
This bill also targets people who take said women to the medical centers. So you got people from Lyft or other driving services potentially being sued just for taking a woman to a clinic for an abortion.
I honestly have been of the mindset that people can do whatever the fuck they want with their own body. That being said, children are not a easy being to raise. So choosing to abort isn't that big of a deal to my eyes.
But the society you said about before is one no one would want to live in.
Not arguing that.
Utopia is a myth. A fantasy. But a Dystopia?... Humanity is already on the brink of having one already.
You certain about that?
So a Dystopia.
You want a utopia.
Nah that's just human stupidity and human stubbornness.
He would of became a martyr
Infamy is the same as actual fame to myself.
To be honest i barely even slightly bit care about celebs.
Oh well.
Oh.
Who?
Honestly there's no point to even trying to isolate them.
Punish, humiliate, maybe even remove their very existence from the world as far as im predicting.
You will never be satisfied if you go down the path of vengeance.
Take it from someone that knows that anger on a personal level.
That and bullies aren't evil. Just twats.
First of all. Lets break this down bit by bit shall we? You are holding on to the past and letting it shape your future without learning from it. Second. You are hell bent on making people from the past pay for things that they very easily and most likely forgot about.
That.... is such a bad way to look at it.
At least not with free will being a thing. But that's a discussion for a different time.
In essence, humanity will always have good and bad people in the world. That's never gonna go away.
Like they said. The Road to hell is paved in good intention.
No. Eventually it would spark a rebellion.
The fear of being *caught*
Pffft. Not at all.
Im Neutral at best.
Not in the slightest.
Im not a good person.
Humanity will always have some born good, some born neutral, and some born bad. Anyone can become bad when scenarios lead to it. No one wants to live in a society where one step out of line means death or isolation from their loved ones.
They are a beacon of history that has come and passed. The more one tries to shove that history under the rug, the more one will end up repeating it.
.....Or you know. You could just keep the statue and let it serve as a memory of what not to do and how things have slowly improved.
That is true.
But, im not all knowing so i could be wrong.
Im almost certain that's the only conclusion with how China runs itself.
Because playing video games in China is considered a waste of time when they could be studying and becoming the next generation of workers.
Which sucks cause that is a good amount of profit for them, but oh well.
I don't see Jrpg's being effected at all. Japan will just stop selling them to China.
That begs the question. Where is Mihoyo's company building located?
American culture is quite literally whoever the hell's culture we adapted for our own means.
All i know is. If people can get the fuck out of China they should. Jeesus fucking christ.
Fuckin hell. Feel bad for any of the teenagers who just want to destress in China fuck.
So China has essentially banned all forms of games from Japan, and most forms of games from America with that list.
..Jeezus christ China. Overkill much.
No they aren't. But China is one of the leading countries that do esports so. This will effect them no matter what it is.
Im not Maximizing vengeance. Im simply hoping this comes to bite China, the government, in the ass.
Its just unfortunately its flipped on who is gonna suffer
The people, no, The communistic government? Yes.
Good. Let them suffer for their stupidity and over censorship.
But ultimately i agree with calling the teenagers out on their bullshit.
Could of used better thought out wording yes.
Heres the thing
I kinda understand this actually.
Oh
It says year 11. Is that supposed to be like 11 year old children or high schoolers?
Im almost certain that entire video above actually goes to state that they make sense.
Like.... Locking the front door should be a normal thing by now.
Yeah my house mates would always leave the front door unlocked. Although they started demanding i lock it when im the only one home, because they don't trust me to keep the house safe.
Im not much of Economics person. But couldn't they just wipe away alk student debt, then print money equal to the total amount of student debt wiped, in order to still be paid and remove a good chunk of debt?
Poland why man. Why
Yikes.
I just live my life one day at a time. The future is a unknown thing and trying to plan for every possible thing will just stress you out.
Everyone moves through life at their own pace. Comparing someone elses pace to your's isn't helpful.
Some games do mental illness well. Others not so well. We Happy Few is a example to debate over.
Nah. Im too deep inland. But this is a reason why i don't like the idea of living so close to the oceans.
Look Religion in and out of itself is spotty as hell. Im sure anyone could take things too far in any way.
<:TsubasaYareYare:407397617451139073>
But poachers are just not tolerable.
My family are hunters and fishermen. Mostly deer due to how rapid they can repopulate their numbers.
Chili Cheese hot dogs are fantastic
Hell. There are people who use their car engine's to cook
Microwave is best for re-heating a meal. Literally anything else is great for cooking.
People broil Brats and hotdogs yes.
Honestly? Its Peta. Just ignore them they are crazy as hell.
Yay. Something goes right in my country for once.
Huh.... im glad i don't live in Ohio then.
Gwyn. I don't know much about you due to never interacting with you. But i can assure you from what i've read in the last week. You aren't seen that way, you are family to these people.
https://www.foxnews.com/world/russia-nuclear-threat-sweden-finland-nato
Yeah this seems about right for Florida. Sucks though.
https://www.cnn.com/2022/04/25/politics/desantis-florida-election-bill-signing/index.html
Ironically i can imagine some one saying just that.
To be fair. Dating in America is just becoming too risky for anyone.
Yes
Too many hurdles. Too many corrupt politicians.
*Looks at my countries governmental system* Yeah. It wont.
The only time a ping pong table would be helpful. Is during ones lunch break. Which is anywhere from a half hour to a hour in my personal experience.
Yeah. the Area code for the store belongs to Northern Alabama.
Im wondering where specifically this is. Im figuring somewhere in the southern half were racism still rages on strong.
Bitter sweet ending i suppose.
I wonder if China is aware of its strictness causing itself future financial issues.
I mean. That's not a entirely inaccurate statement.
....Yup the world has gone absolutely batshit. Welp.
There's a reason "I woke up and chose violence" is a thing. Although this is very bizarre.
God these cops. Wtf.
Not a legitimate concern?......Wtf? Its THEE most suspicious case to show up in a while!
Oh this about Black Lotus?
Texas trying to keep itself separate from the rest of America. I honestly wonder how much longer they can afford to do that.
..Why am i not surprised by this? Texas god dammit.
While i certainly hope that this *isnt* the case. I cannot lie and say that im surprised if it is the case.
Its odd. Really fucking odd.
Example. 

Average gun laws: Has to be 21 to buy and own *They are trying to make it for all firearms. Right now its only excluding Automatics.*

Texas: *No age limit, feel free to buy a gun wheneever apparently*
Something about Texas trying to run itself like its own mini country. Its weird as fuck.
"Protect the Grid" Aka. Keep it around because they don't want to be on the electric grid that the rest of the country is on.
And yes, Texas has their own electric grid separate from the rest of America.
Texas has no gun laws.
Well that's the thing.
The gun rights i can get. If Texas's specific ones weren't wonky as fuck.
"Freedom" As in "Hey, fuck this we ain't paying for yearly mandated vaccines"
Its the opposition of mandated vaccine's.
Or they. You know. Move on from Voice acting for other careers. Either one really.
Weed.
Nvm. I didnt see everyone was already aware.
Ah yes. Snipers. I can't blame them.
Texas already has made Abortion illegal, and most likely many more states will follow that lead.
I always figured shit would hit the fan here in America. I just didn't realize how quickly.
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/supreme-court/thomas-wants-supreme-court-overturn-landmark-rulings-legalized-contrac-rcna35228
Figured this was too serious to put in Live-Action chat.
https://tokusatsunetwork.com/2022/06/yui-asakura-victim-of-stalking/?fbclid=IwAR2vM_bOt0qOeKWs4yPnCMduV-GoNs2graD3YfKGMsLiyEVvw9TXrG8irKgm
Ugh... The second thing in America that makes no fucking sense. Our god damn Medical process.
The worst kind of hotel to be honest.
Idfk. I never got the appeal of a Cruise.
It's supposed to be a relaxing getaway from ones day to day life.
.....Where was this?
Youtuber dies. Suddenly people feel its okay to make jokes of that type? I feel justified in my nonexistent faith in humanity.
<:TsubasaYareYare:407397617451139073>
*See's North Carolina* You know. This makes too much sense. Though, that is unfortunate.
Yeah. Gotta feel bad for em. Especially the people of Kyoto who kinda rely on Tourist income.
.....Why was the projectile going... wtf were they shooting?
I dont know what specific stuff is in the Geneva Convention. I just know its a big list.
Id probably guess both.
Ah. Well. Id say anything is fair now.
Wasnt this part of the Geneva convention?
Honestly, from what i've seen of this. Not even the Russian Civilian's want this war. So, i doubt there's any benefit to them at this point. While, I can't say for certain as to why this whole mess started. Its slowly becoming more and more apparent that either A: Putin went fucking mad. B: There's something Russia and Ukraine are keeping under the table, C: Fuck if I know.
.......Da fuck?
I pretty much only watch their Achievement Hunter stuff.
Mainly on the business side.
Just another source of issues.
They arent the boogeyman so to speak.
One of many is the exception.
Or atleast for the lay offs
A lot thats wrong with RT business wise is also Warner Brothers faults as well.
Aaah.
So. Wtf is the current topic? People mad at Kdin for something years ago. Or James gun. Or how its apparently abhorrent to support RT?
When did madman Kanye get a cult following.
...Da fak
I got nothing for this.
Sounds like Twitter might just straight up die out at this rate.
I mean. At this rate Twitter is gonna join Myspace. Abandoned and forgotten in history.
I Understand the worry about AI art. But lets get through one world wide issue at a time
Id honestly be more worried with potential WW3. Especially with how North Korea has been, China's constant desire to retake Taiwan and Russia still waging war on Ukraine.
Even dental can be pricey as all hell
Health be expensive here yes.
About 8 months yeah.
Or understands that Twitter isn't at all what he thinks it is.
Probably soon enough
Soon
Just fear mongering i wouldn't worry about it.
The chance is there.  But if you are careful you should be fine.
I've heard of that.
Though I personally doubt its the dudes real account. Especially if he's running for congress.
It's plausible. Could be real. Could be a fake account.
And entirely unnecessary.
Well this seems. boring as fuck.
It's a uncommon thing. But it does happen.
The road rage has happened before
Give it another 10-20 years
It's too early for that kinda tech
By that logic we should purge all forms of religion.
World War Z and Rage 2 were pretty fun
I mean. There's evidence to support that. God damn.
......wtf
If I recall, just putting my two cents in, most of the harrassment i've heard about related to the Harry Potter Game has happened on twitter. Unsure about chats.
But in the end this topic is going no where, so im stepping out.
If you honestly believe that one woman, who is severely hated, is gonna be able to bring a end to Trans people as a whole. Then I don't know if you are just paranoid of your mind from fear, or just dilusional.
The moment ill concede that this is of any actual importance, is when JK goes into being a actual politician.
Great then you are having a pointless war against a rich person. That doesn't help you none.
No. No it isnt
A side character.
Also, As far as I see it. The only moment of "Potentially Anti-Trans" for the game is the single Sirona character.
Did the streamers have anything to do with the game and its development? No.
Im not talking about JK Iski.
Did they help develop the game? No? Did they have a word in what went into the game's lore? No? Did they have a single opinion heard in the development team? No? 

Id say they are pretty fucking innocent.  
But sure. Lets expand on your view on this. "Hur dur, its fine to harrass people and call people transphobe if it means going against JK and getting this game shut down. A victory for Trans people!" 

In the end you are achieving nothing of importance. Sweet, A game gets shut down. Does that help Trans people out with legal rights? No. Does it help them be more open with it? No. 

In the end. You are achieving nothing, but a petty grudge victory against a woman no one cares about anymore.
You say none when there's proof of that not being the case from Various streamers who were getting harassed from just announcing that they were gonna play it. Didn't even start the game up, and they were being harassed, called various insults. 

Sure twitch chat there was a tiny amount. But Twitter is the place where the majority of the harrassing comes. 

No matter what you think is right, you will always bring harm to innocent people. Especially when you attempt to force your view on a game down someone elses throat.
You know. The innocent party in this grand pointless drama?
Oh idk. How about the more indirect downside of all the pointless harrassment that's going to streamers?
And thats supposed to help how?
I don't play harry potter games, haven't since the last like... Lego harry potter game that came out in 2010? I just draw the line when this shit starts affecting innocent people who had nothing to do with it like streamers.
It's not smart or effective.
I would call this Harry potter game drama pointless. No one is gonna win anything. You want to cancel the game because JK and Trans related topics? Great. You just costed a entire game studio money for their families in this ever increasingly high cost of living society. 

You just want to play the game because its a new harry potter game? Great you get called transphobe for just playing it. Like. Wtf are people thinking when they do this?
It doesn't help that it even existed.
Celtic myth. yes.
Im of the mindset of. "A game is a game. Sure there could be political topics and themes, but its just a game. Meant to be enjoyed if everything goes right." 

But you know. People these days detect any substance of Politics and then go on a frenzy.
Honestly. It sounds as if they were like "Heres XYZ of the details. What name would fit?" Because I do that myself with a DnD game I run. Just pop up a name generator and mix and match names that sound good. 

But because that harry potter game is *already* underfire for just well. Existing.
Then I see no issue with it myself. Ryan as a surname/family name means nothing in the context you are trying to spell it out as.
Or is it reversed?
....Wait. Is Ryan the first name/Given name and Sirona the surname?
Its a fine simple name. People really are just searching for anything and everything to bitch and moan about.
....Wait... People are seriously getting mad at this just because the name, a celtic name, has Sir as part of it?..wtf.
So uh..... Let that help you understand the type of people that are there.
Ohio sits at the 35th most educated state. 35th out of 50.
Typical warzone? No. Political warzone? Most certainly.
....Id say im surprised. But this is Ohio. Im not surprised this is their go-to first method of trying to fix a problem.
...Are you part time?
After the explosion in Ohio. I'd say it's likely to have contaminated water. How severe a contamination I have no clue.
Welp
But. Who is taking her place as the serpents head?
How many cities in Ukraine aren't completely destroyed?
Look. I know next to nothing about European politics. *thank god* so I'm just observing.
If your point is to get Lank not to shit on America. Your talking to a brick wall.
Look. America is not the greatest with out of country updates.
Wait there is a Black Shooter game?
Replace the main protagonist and there will be a dramatic improvement.
From Worlds Weakest to Worlds Strongest.
Nagumo from Worlds Weakest to Worlds Strongest
OH
But you can't really ask for a perfect character design.
His character has faults too.
Granted.
Basara is a improvement.
Two other ones actually, but still.
Theres another one, i just don't remember the name. XD
Trinity Seven, Highschool DXD, Testament of a new Devil Sister, etc.
There are numerous harem examples of a better character.
*no*
And then rewriting Ichika's personality so that hes not a dense wall that can't see the obvious hints of the girls wanting to sleep with him on a near daily basis.
The best way to fix that major fuck up is a lore correction. Either they go full magical girl only, or they state that a percentage of the male population is capable of donning a IS.
But that little tidbit was enough to write them into a massive hole.
I love the concept of IS. I really do.
Where is my Arifureta season 2?
Ive seen Railgun. Good stuff.
Toaru as in Index and Railgun?
Nanoha i think i remember that one
Ah yes. Zetsubo. Good stuff.
Arifureta is a good isekai
They are fantastic
I did
*still love it to death though*
Not a Isekai i think? Pretfy sure that series counts under Game Genre.
Indeed
Saw it
Never heard of it
Si
I still want a anime that has no villains, but two heros with difference in ideals.
Not all CD is big. Small CD over time is good.
No?
Oh hey a Magical girl anime.
OuO Its actually happening. Yay.
Trinity Blood!
It was better than dub by miles
*that and they only had VA sing, instead of asking actual singers to VA due to the anime's genre*
Its a singing anime. Which while unfair, the dub team fails to keep up with the energy of the Sub.
Show by Rock Dub.
I do know of a bad dub
Wait. Another season?! <:HibikiWow:738172615453048912>
||My theory is Walpurgis is formed from a group of magical girls who tried to keep each other alive. Eventually all falling to witch hood at the same time and instead of becoming separate witches, they merged into one. ||
I thought it only had 2!
It has 4?
*just gonna leave a suggestion of a anime for everyone here.* Show by Rock! Music anime.
Water,Fire, Light, Dark, and Something else.
I remember it. Played one of its games on the gameboy advance as a kid.
Theres Fate Aprocrypha. I think i miss spelled it
They really need to make another season of World Break.
I also miss my Chivalry of a failed Knight. That deserved a season 2.
What Cypher said.
Good stuff Arifureta is.
I just remembered that Overlords Renner's JP VA is Miku's.
Viva la vida!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjUtNnEruno
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zS57NXUOpWI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E06ywodffH0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFdyc_Vrp_g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qO_-b_1VWEk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-H96wWZ9uvs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0x9xVl1YTVI
One of Gackt's finest songs.
This has been active since November 26.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4YCxwswKoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OM4iXBfdRhY
Yep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXD3VS9AS0o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNB7a8YCpgU
Just found this beauty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnnFy7jLYxc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdG-M9wsd4c
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1o9tbolMQ-8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcgEHrwdSO4
tfw you love a song so much, and accidentally think of Yandere Miku singing it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3du3xNiFPEM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiRSwOx9vdQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZBctzSajNI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW-D265gMkY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEUxo_VbE0U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wY5wwlPgQaQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEUxo_VbE0U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IayLG_w460E <@!203444794737950720>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YPTQ_qRAzc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDHXWVxCh7k
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvEHwvyBYJw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKQokZxwbS0&list=RDMMEKQokZxwbS0&start_radio=1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMqYU1R8Ymw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zS57NXUOpWI&list=RDzRaVQUssrxY&index=4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyG4AFzl4Dw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR8M8oJgPtg&list=RDMM4tz3QlktqnQ&index=4
Im. Addicted to Honkai music now. XD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39pwlCu94dM
