This is pretty late to ask, but how did you guys watch the specials? I've only been involved during regular episodes.
Oh its flowing alr8
Just watched it
NOW THAT'S SOME JAM
The trade off of no 3D dancers
🥯🥯🥯
Episode 2 and we already have a vampire giving out donuts, we JOJO again?
A ceiling would have probably helped a little
Security doesn't mean much to noise
I assume there are plenty of other concerts offscreen
Same
Still haven't actually seen the AXZ OVAs
😏
Always the polearm users
This new transformation makes me only wonder what Chris' will be like
Kirika is that weird space between loli and regular anime girls
🍩
Hey... no witnesses at least
And this one isn't producing any new Hibikis
Civilian life sucks there
Idols on motorcycle vs card games on motorcycles
That little girl was just the Hibiki that didn't get lucky
She must really rely on that wind up
That kid was the Hibiki that didn't make it.
While Chris never seems to be knowingly involved
I think the difference is that Kirika is intentionally doing it.
I almost forgot that Miku is still waving a lot of flags
Imagine if hibiki gets a similar moment
Yes
Wasnt that kind of what Carol and miku was
There it is
The clips that Crunchyroll put on YouTube actually has quite a few people saying that they'll try out the show.
Just maybe avoid asking them about their favorite tags
If anything it might get more fans
*involved
Kirika is super invilved
<@106861977086779392> I meant in terms of  there being lots of jiggle, but it's only for us
<@106861977086779392> Chris: Subtly lewd and subtly nonconsensual
We know their priorities
It's like each transformation is a summary of each girls' subfanbase
<@239893407122718721> Have you played Bayonetta 2?
Don't blue ball us like that
Does anyone else think we might get an Elfnein transformation, since she had what looked like the memory headset in the op.
To be fair, that has more to do with the "camera"
Top 10 shitty Engrish lists was probably the most exposure this show had during the first season
I was too distracted by the Engrish
Oh man I almost forgot about that
Dead horse and all that
Same
Se
Imagine having a series where "not a rapist" is a bar to jump
Sao: "why did you kill thousands?!" 
"I dunno"
CyVer is kinda what SAO did with their villain and it sucked
I kinda want Hibiki to explicitly kill someone
Almost as bad as forgiving dad
It's an existence that all Maria fans live
Save the best for last
Most dolls seem to be pretty obviously inhuman
Have we not had one yet?
I'm honestly surprised that city even has an economy with how often catastrophic disasters hit it.
For most major cities that's about 10% of the population
What are you guys using to play the clips?
At this point Kirika set the bar too high
The boys back home
Good things come to those that wait
I hope we get to see Gen fight Fudo
but I don't want to ...
GOD
There was a good second where I thought Chris was just going to ice Elsa
He definitely does a good job at that
Humanizing Milaarc is still gonna be a hard sell
You know what, reminding Miku about that would probably make her feel even worse.
Technically Kanades would still be alive if Hibiki never wnt
Speaking of, how much do they get paid?
Oh
Wait you mean like Hibiki ruining Mikus life, cause it doesn't make sense the other way around.
PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!
(Unless I missed that)
I'm surprised we're not talking about Miku's line on not being able to share some feelings.
Mine doesn't seem to do that, I guess I'm not as cultured.
There are definitely some fanfiction out there that I wouldn't mind becoming cannon.
<@279341087494242304> Didn't you write a fanfiction that had some similar elements to Zoid's theory?
Well, at least we're bringing each other up to speed.
I've kind of just been a casual fan during GX, so I didn't have much association with the fandom until recently.
<@87512939107450880> the theory from the Twitter user found above.
I'm back, theory definitely sounded familiar, guess I was hearing about second hand from others.
Wow this goes on for a while, see you guys later.
Thanks
Oh, I checked his Twitter and saw mostly Japanese and assumed it was Japanese user.
Is there a translation for zoid's theory?
There's already a server for this
It would also make her Tsubasa's stepmom.
That's two different levels of wrong.
Wouldn't that require Miku to have descendants?
Take the final plunge into darkness
Is it on vrv in 18 min or an extra hour?
2 new bangers
What if the villains get their own power up?
Just a prank bro
Twice
I must go my planet needs me
<@289013001632350208> Theres no way that Tsubasa wouldn't try to backstab Milaarc even if they befriended Hibiki
Why would you deny us the splat
Maria can now join Carol and Miku in the bondage club
The one where it's most appropriate
Please
A straight Fudo fight is viable
At least we now know that Fudo is incredibly strong just like Genjuro
I don't think they can control the bubble shields
Probably for the best, the villains have just become irrelevant power wise
What do you guys think we'll get on the reaction board?
I bet Fudo wears sunglasses indoors
Gee I wonder what Cagi and Chris have in common
<@486087033652248576> I was wondering how you would react when I saw that scene
<@486087033652248576> those are some bouncy missilez
It looked like the lotus on her fist also created a negative that looked like the star of david
I just noticed an hour ago that Mothers Basement posted a tweet about Symphogear.
On stilts
Maybe have open concerts instead of on makeshift islands
I'm honestly surprised that Basa didn't accidentally kill a civilian
Boy did he have a short lifespan
The way Miku would die would be right in front Hibiki with no ambiguity.
To be fair, I doubt they would want to show people burning
That's the real GENOCIDE
(Smash ultimate theme quietly plays)
I too sometimes miss "the walk"
wait does this make miku the mom
Wait which episode?
All we're missing is Ver and Tony
EVERYONE IS HERE!!!
Can't be that hard /s
She's a smart girl
07 07 07 07 07
That's what we all wanted
That's why I said twice
Don't let her go out like her dad twice
"Miku said she wanted to be a mom"
"Cuz they're campers"
For once equivalent exchange is actually used
(Subdued concern)
All that's left is for me to watch Promare and anime will finally be over.
Well, its over
The curse that stops all gay
The curse is actually Japanese TV censors
I hope
Why did you have to cut her off Hibiki
