i actually wanted to try it , but i forgot about it <:NotLikeSword:607741098588373025>
epique
i see
it iz what it iz
xd
or months
aye np it was like a year ago
indeed
im not a new member or smt , just remembered this discord server and thought i should have my symphogear emojis back xd
yo
nice cosplay
uhh

basically u are attracted to adolescents
pedophilia is that you are attracted to childs , lolicon is that you are attracted to anime girl who looks childish , no?
yeah
for example kanna is 9000 years old
yeah and loli is not just underage , is a person who looks like a child
well you can be attracted to small anime childish body but not real body , am i right?
yeah
lolis aren't the only illegal thing
well , people are doing doujins and all
yes , i agree
i saw hentai with death bodies in it , someone send me that trying to troll me lol , going with your idea , isn't that illegal ? isn't it worse than liking lolis doe?
being a lolicon doesn't harm anybody , if you are for example attracted to 2d, imo it doens't look even close to reality.  But what tusk is talking is something different , even if you are phedophile you can't tell if you have a mental disorder but if you are doing illegal things who shouldn't be doing to underage kids , then yeah , yo need teraphy
tusk you talk about phedophilia there
but you cant say that you have a mental disorder if you are attracted to them tho
im not attracted in that way lol
im not doing that
u mean phedophile
bruh
if im basically attracted to drawing that means i have a mental disorder
just no
no
so tusk you basically are saying if you are lolicon you have mental disorders?
gotcha
yea i agree
i dont think so
welp if you like an fictional character does that harm anybody?
tusk we dont talk about real life girls
is like saying that boys attracted to boys should get therapy
bro
you don't harm anybody
fictional characters
i agree with dino
lets close this topic
tusk u can't tell if a person have a mental disorder just by their interests
well gayness was considered worse than phedophilia
tusk you talking about real life , what is the matter if you watch a loli get fucked? it doesn't harm anybody , does it ? is basically just you looking at drawing . You can't tell how people are , and if they have a mental disorder or no
Melua i literally can't think that real life childs looks like the one from animes or mangas
well flat womans exist
im saying that it doesn't make link to real life(at least for me) , but yeah it depends on artist
it depends
not to real person
you are attracted to drawing
so i don't see what is wrong here
when we talk about lolicons
why we talk about phedophilia?
f
i hate when this happen
this was a waste of time
ok lets end this
tusk will not change his point of view no matter what , i know you think that because of what happened to your friends , but you should listen to others.
there is no point in continuing
well , lets close the topic then
yeah
but that doesn't mean any person who are a lolicon are actually going to do the same
yeah that person was horrible
but you cant tell everybody is the same
i know you said what happened to your friends
what
bruh
is not risk if you watch hentai is it? like how people in anime kill with guns , you arent going fr to the street and starting to shoot everybody because u saw that in an anime
you literally said that they have mental disorder if they are doing that
bruh , your point is that if you are lolicon , you have metal disorder and that can lead to bad things doing to girls in real life ? Listen , you can't tell if someone will do that or if they have a mental disorder nor they need to go to therapy.. You don't listen to what we saying
