Maybe just a post in announcements that a new chapter is up?
Hello
Some people care way too much about how strangers live their lives even when they aren't hurting anyone.
Or perceive what effects them when it actually has nothing to do with them, like a certain breed of voter.
Moderates like Joe Manchin are a huge problem for the Democrats in the Senate, because in all likelihood he's been bought off.
The left is a bigger tent of viewpoints which is harder for them to wrangle.
One side is far worse than the other, so I don't care much for both sidesing. Yeah, the other side isn't getting as much done as they could and certainly have their own corruption problems, but they are orders of magnitudes better than the alternative.
Looking at the list, the day Biden was announced to have the Democratic nomination, he responded by instantly donating over $30,000 on that day alone.
Note that this report doesn't include anything he may have donated to Super PACs, which unlike these donations is not capped.
Nah, I think that amount of money tosses out the good things he did. That is a lot of money during a pivotal election to a lot of really bad people. Money that he got from his fanbase.
At least, I cannot fathom them having a *good* reason.
I cannot fathom the mindset of anyone who up and decides to send $5,000 to Mitch McConnell.
Done.
Why assume people are fake?
Then why accuse people of being fake?
Perfect equality isn't possible, but that doesn't mean improving things shouldn't be strived for.
You were the first one to say equality is fake and that you had to lower yourself to my level, which is quite a "fuck you" worthy place to be.
What are you, a child?
Your the one accusing people of being fake in wanting equality and that you'd be lowering yourself to my level.
As the one who wants to reduce the wage gap and have minorities not be as repressed, not go problem being against you.
Oh cool, also fuck you.
Fluffeh, I don't think we're going to see eye-to-eye.
There's a difference between punching up and punching down.
See all the companies putting pride flags on their twitter accounts and such.
From what I understand the fanbase is fairly welcoming and wide-reaching in LGBT and furry communities, but when the creator and owner of the franchise turns out to be bad it's a mess.
Probably.
With the younger fans I can understand them wanting to rationalize that their 'hero' isn't really a bad guy so they are super willing to forgive him, but I hope this doesn't further cause them to slide to "these people went after my hero even though he's a good guy, so they must be bad!"
Donations to politicians are public record, so he wasn't doxxed as he claims unless something we aren't aware of happened.
He made the donations, someone found out about it, then he made the non-apology.
I know he has a young fanbase, so I hope this doesn't end up corrupting them somehow.
No, he had much longer paragraphs  in his apology. It's on the FNAF reddit with all the replies being people saying how much they love him.
The Five Nights at Freddy guy admitted that he made all those donations because he believes those people would best lead the country, but that he really does love his fanbase and embrase the LGBT parts of it so please just deal with him supporting those politicians.
His fanbase is of course eating up that heap of bullshit.
I was just looking at the comment section on James Stephanie's video. Surprisingly a decent amount of sensible or supportive comments. A lot of stupid ones too though.
I don't know where you should draw the line really. I was mentally grouping the doxxing together with the death threats, and so potentially putting someone in the way of physical harm is bad.
Political donations are public information and you can look up anyone in the US. Scott (and others) said he'd been doxxed, but it hasn't been confirmed if that's some separate issue or if he's trying to conflate the two for sympathy points.
Any actual doxxing is bad though, even of shitty people like Scott.
To follow up on the "Ai Kayano being removed from Arknights" story that someone mentioned the other day, she's also now completely removed from the Chinese version of Azur Lane (no idea if this will effect other versions). She voiced Atago, Graf Zeppelin, Kaga, and Renown.
Constantly walking into spider webs that shorter people don't notice.
Seats are never comfortable because the back doesn't go high enough.
It looks like there's not even a record of the immunity deal. It was apparently a verbal agreement of which we don't know the specific wording, and the prosecutor put out a press release mentioning it, even though they never contacted the victim's attorneys about it. The press  release is the only known record of the deal.
Apparently at the criminal trial the immunity was actually brought up and already ruled non-binding by the trial judge. However, the trial judge had ran for DA against the DA that made the immunity deal and lost, so they're apparently saying his judgement was biased?
As rich as Cosby is, there is virtually 0% chance that his lawyers didn't inform him about whether or not he actually got the immunity.
So first prosecutor offers immunity from criminal prosecution if he provides a deposition. Second prosecutor uses the deposition against him in a criminal trial.
Note however that in the state of Pennsylvania, a prosecutor cannot grant immunity, the prosecutor has to go to the court and ask them to grant it -- which never happened.
However, because Cosby is rich, he got a judge to say that the immunity deal has to be honored anyways and overturns the case and then goes on to bar the case from being prosecuted again.
Fucking rich people.
Discotek stream is in about 4 hours? Any hopefuls outside of GX?
"Magical Girl Ore" (12 episodes, sub only)
"Nyanbo!" (24 five-minute episodes of cats made of cardboard boxes, sub only)
They're just giving updates on previously announced stuff right now.
"Kashimashi: Girl Meets Girl" (13 episodes, sub and dub, all bonus features from old dvd release)
"Dear Brother" limited blu-ray release this summer (39 episodes, sub only)
Playing some intro video
Looks like it just did
https://www.twitch.tv/discotekmedia
Channel went live, but they haven't started yet. Chat throwing out predictions for Lupin III stuff
Not specifically to prevent dancing, but both do have loss of limbs
Also in Zombie Land Saga. Though still more lighthearted than Symphogear suffering.
Seems no GX anytime soon
All 358 episodes of Sgt. Frog
"Mitchiri Neko" (sub only)
https://tenor.com/view/tae-yamada-legendary-derp-dumb-hair-gif-15941219
Kill la Kill is good if you are okay with literally everyone getting naked.
Zombie Land Saga is great if you want to watch an idol show with a twist.
Gungrave is great but you absolutely must skip the first episode.
There's some good Lupin III if you're interested in a gentleman thief and wacky hijinks.
Yep
Baccano is great if you can find it. I got the dvd back when it was still available.
I also assumed Tae was a teenager like the others, but the wiki claims she's 29. It's kind of funny imaging a 29-year-old woman doing all that stuff.
My main hope for Season 2 is a backstory episode for Yugiri.
I only want Tae to awaken if it's definitely going to be the last season.
They also kept it secret who was voicing her for the first few episodes
KLK has good music as well
Though I take breaks with that series whenever a preorder comes out. Like Our Teachers are Dating Vol. 3 will be out later this month so I'll pause Juliet to read that.
I'm working my way through Boarding School Juliet at the moment. Almost done with Volume 7.
Started watching Flip Flappers after it was mentioned here the other day. Not far in yet, but it's interesting.
The part of the ED at 0:35 where Cocona screams in abject horror while Papika laughs in the background is oddly adorable.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGKjPD_BNAE
Give me anime of Beauty & the Beast Girl, Hana & Hina After School, and Secret of the Princess.
And ||Murcielago||.
Kase-san should have got a full season instead of a single oav that crams 4 volumes of material (and completely skips the first volume) into 60 minutes.
I think the manga of that just ended a little while ago
I thought the zombie girls were mostly memorable. Ironically the least memorable are the two that were actually idols in their prior lives.
I think the only idol anime I've seen is Zombie Land Saga.
It has the legendary Tae Yamada.
(play soundclip)
(cut to SONG HQ when Elfnein appears on screen with the Autoscorers)
Tonikaku Kawaii's manga released the final chapter of Part One, and the full details of their first meeting and Tsukasa's backstory.
||She is 1,400 years old, but actually isn't Princess Kaguya like a lot had suspected. Instead she wants to go to the moon to find Kaguya and hopefully get her immortality removed.||
Legendary Tae Yamada returns April 8th
Citrus has a sequel manga that's still ongoing
Don't know, going into this series blind without much knowledge other than mechs, dragons, and yuri.
Anyway, breaking for dinner now. Have a good one.
Not usually a fan of the lucky pervert trope, and it's even worse when it's specifically given to one character.
Finished episode 10 of Cross Ange. Why does this Tusk guy keep interrupting my yuri with his stupid lucky pervert routine?
I'll mark down those two for now. Right now I'm still working through Cross Ange, Nanoha StrikerS, and Gachaman Crowds for the first time, so will cycle a Precure in after one of those.
I've never seen any Precure, so was just going to do Heartcatch since I don't know if I want to commit the time to watching everything and I know there's a lot.
I was going to try and watch Heartcatch at some point since I heard that one was the best to start with, and the lead is Nana Mizuki
Development between the main two characters, and character expressions probably.
The manga is getting an official english release soon as well.
He basically starts as a chunibiyo but the so-called killing impulses are dropped almost immediately.
Ok, I'll try one of the other recommended series for now
Finished with Cross Ange now. Someone suggested Smile PreCure, but the only version I can find is the dub on Netflix (as Glitter Force) which only has 40 episodes instead of 48.
I was watching the dub so I could multitask. Turns out that line is only in the sub, and it's still a dumb as hell explanation.
Up to epsidoe 23 of Cross Ange.
||They're seriously not going to explain Tusk surviving multiple gunshots and then blowing himself up? Ugh. Show would be better without him. Give his screentime to Hilda instead.||
Yeah, I'm looking forward to Season 2. Just a little over a week to go.
Oh, I thought I had seen it on the CR simulcast list too, but maybe I was mistaken.
I thought I watched it on Crunchyroll? Or maybe region differences?
It's on the list, but right now I'm prioritizing my anime and steam game backlogs.
Too many backlogs
I never got around to watching Avatar yet.
Who would you say are best moms and best dads in anime?
For best mom, I'd say the mom in Erased has to be up there.
For best dad, Genjuro from Symphogear came to mind even though he's not actually their dad.
Amazon blu-ray says both seasons and has Japanese and English language tracks:
https://www.amazon.com/Chaika-Coffin-Princess-Blu-ray-Provided/dp/B0753FDLYW/ref=sr_1_1?dchild=1&keywords=chaika&qid=1617574423&sr=8-1
ok
I'll add it to my list. Dub or sub matter?
Anyone seen Chaika the Coffin Princess? Any good?
How about Bulma, who goes from a young teenager to a [REDACTED]-old woman?
I'm not normally caught up for the simulcast stuff and usually just watch stuff from my backlog. This is my first season following something "live."
Zombie Land Saga S2 airs in Japan in a little over 20 hours I think, but I can't find any info about when Crunchyroll or Funmation will air it.
||The S1 finale had like a 3-second flashback that showed he was in highschool with her and picked up a cd she dropped or something like that.||
||We know part of the manager's motivation (or can suspect it) was probably trying to make Sakura's dream of becoming an idol to come true, but we still have no idea why he wants to save Saga since that's not where they grew up, so it could be related to that part of the plan somehow.||
||I like the detail that they aren't as good at the make-up as the manager, so they looked pale and had dark around their eyes the whole episode whenever they were out in public.
Curious what the time limit is. The bartender seems familiar with zombie stuff, so I'd assume he'd know if the time limit was the zombies expiring.||
First episode of Zombie Land Saga S2 is up on Crunchyroll Premium. I'm starting it now.
First episode of the Nagatoro anime is up on Crunchyroll premium. Nana Mizuki will be playing the nudist club president whenever that character shows up.
I haven't watched the Dance in the Vampire Bund anime, but I read the manga. I know she's Mina in that, but does she voice adult Mina as well?
Zombie Land Saga is all I'm making an effort to watch at release, the rest go on the watchlist to squeeze in whereever.
Second volume of the college years manga finally went up for preorder, it feels like it's been forever.
I wish it had gotten a season instead of an ova
I read the manga first, so it stood out how much stuff was being cut or compressed
They made a Kase-san ova, but even though they only had 60 minutes, they decided that instead of just adapting the first volume, they would instead skip the first volume and then do a heavily compressed version of volumes 2-5.
She has a fairly unique character design though.
Murcielago stars a serial killer lesbian that was so good at killing that the government hires her to only kill bad people and she accepts because if the cops aren't chasing her she has more time to seduce more women.
I've only read Komi with the official English releases, and at that point Komi is still good.
New episode tomorrow
If I remember right, Saki gets sick of his shit pretty quick and starts knocking the crap out of him when given the opportunity.
Zombie Land Saga s2e2: ||Saki Episode. It seemed to be going back and forth between hinting about if she was in love with the rockstar guy or her biker buddy girl, but unfortunately seemed to come down on the side of her having loved the rockstar guy.||
I thought the dj was pretty bad. That was the one drawn in first person so she's bullying the reader, wasn't it?
From the manga, early Nagatoro is bully, but later it becomes clear she's crushing on the guy and tones it down to teasing and also gets mad whenever someone else tries to pick on him.
That's it, I only read a little of it, and didn't read any of the other so confuse the titles sometimes
I thought this was going to be the other skeleton series where he time loops but keeps his levels everytime he dies. I forgot the full title of that one.
Based on the first two episodes and the op/ed, is the show about BikiWitch gathering a big immortal yuri family at her house?
No Matter What You Say, It's 300 Slimes Fault that I'm Not Maxed Level
I just called it BikiWitch
Zombie Land Saga is getting a manga spinoff next month called "The First Zombie" that will go into the backstory of a legendary zombie.
With that title and description, it's got to either be Yugiri (who comes from the oldest time period) or Tae (who is Zombie #0).
Though for me that's kind of a bummer as it implies their backstory won't be addressed in the show itself.
Zombie Land Saga was part one of a two-parter this week. We also got to see the ED for the first time this season.
||It was cute when Tae saw Ai on TV and actually called out Ai's name.||
||Spider Mom's on the surface, and Bikispider is digivolving||
She was like 18 when she voiced Madoka, I think
Granted 95% of her time as Kumoko is spent talking to herself, but it still seems like a gig she's having a lot of fun with.
I sometimes wonder about if Aoi Yuki enjoys voicing the spider even more than she enjoyed voicing Hibiki.
||Unrealistic doesn't bother me. When it finally revealed why she lost her memories, I thought it was hilarious/sweet.||
If I remember right, the author of Our Teachers are Dating was asked why she wrote such a fluffy romance and her answer was something like "Because the real world sucks and I want a happy place."
Cheerful Amnesia and Our Teachers are Dating are almost pure fluff.
Oh, and Fragtime and Secret of the Princesses, but those are one volume each.
A few others I have in my Kindle or Bookwalker accounts include:
Beauty and the Beast Girl, Hana & Hina After School, Murcielago (if gore/violence is okay), Superwomen in Love, and Breasts Are My Favorite Things in the World.
I've read half of those, but dropped Tropical Fish because it was moving so slow.
https://tenor.com/view/ijirinaide-nagatoro-san-please-dont-bully-me-nagatoro-san-anime-blush-laughing-gif-20766009
Her flesh fang looks a bit odd in motion sometimes, but otherwise they capture a lot of the manga's expressions well.
I constantly forget Gamo is supposed to have orange hair though.
Today's Slime Witch ^
https://tenor.com/view/beelzebub-hell-taker-dancing-chibi-dance-moves-gif-17742715
If I remember right, the anime rearranged and cut some stuff, but most of it was there I think.
So in the Light Novel it jumps back and forth between the two time periods just like the anime?
I've heard they rearranged stuff for the BikiSpider anime and ||the reincarnated humans show up much later or something in the novels||?
I see they are both available to buy in English.
How are the BikiWitch and BikiSpider light novels?
It's not too bad compared to other series. From what I know the story is structured so you shouldn't know the prequel stuff when watching S1 anyways.
So just watch S1, then you can treat the first half of S2 as an extended flashback or just skip it.
I can't get over the English rapping guy in the new op
New Zombie Land Saga
||Tae has learned to play the drums well.
Also I liked that they intentionally electrocuted themselves to get the glow effect and auto-tuned voices from that scene in the first season, except with much better effects this time.
Next episode looks Lily-focused.||
BikiSpider uses the pages of skills thing, but I'm pretty sure it's a joke and they don't expect you to read all of it.
Isekai Maou is trash, but I liked that the reason he's way overpowered is because if the setting was real most people wouldn't go out and grind levels because you could die, and would instead pick the safest jobs you could.
Most anime based on Light Novels don't tell a complete story, because in many cases the light novels weren't complete when the anime aired.
Bunny Girl Senpai lucked out with it's stopping point.
Musical All-Female Sentai
Latest BikiWitch
||BikiWitch can call Laika and Beelzebub lil'sis and big'sis all she wants, I'm still shipping her with both of them.
Halkara can stay the drunk aunt though.||
Latest Zombie Land Saga
||Was the girl that did Lily's dance in the youtube video the same little girl that was their fan in the first season who saw their street performance and started attending their concerts?||
Yeah, I typed my post during the end credits, then saw the bit where ||the reporter got a photo of Tae's head detached.||
Really good Zombie Land Saga today. A day in the life of Tae with lots of Season 1 characters guest starring.
||Tae accidentally wipes out Franchouchou's entire debt while just wandering around town.||
I'll have to try and squeeze them in
I've seen Durarara. Any others I should check out in the next two weeks?
I'm hoping the anime ends in a good place. I'll probably pick up the blu-rays then.
Sorry, at least it wasn't a plot spoiler
Kumoko 18 ||Aoi Yuki says "Genocide"
Though the crunchyroll subtitles said "exterminate."||
Outlaw Star managed to have spaceships that had to get into melee combat, specifically grappling matches
Full Metal Panic has mecha knife fights
Zombie Land Saga S2 E7 ending and next ep preview ||The reporter has identified all of them except Yugiri (including Tae), and next week is the first part of a two-parter that looks to be about Yugiri's backstory.||
5 minutes into the new Zombie Land Saga ||Whoever called that the glasses girl in the audience of prior episodes would be important was right.||
Nagatoro's friends are great. I like that they're not love rivals, and they only tease Senpai when they want to annoy Nagatoro.
I also actually laughed out loud when ||Klem kicked that big guy in the nuts while saying "Poit!"||
Maou-sama is my trash anime to watch, but I just watched yesterday's episode and I think it was actually legitimately good? It was nice to see a bunch of season one characters and ||Diablo trying to maintain his demon lord persona while having to keep three extremely powerful women from murdering everyone they see.||
Crunchyroll when she said ||"WHY!?" in English|| translated it as ||"Por Que!?"||
Yeah, but D's a special case.
I was curious in Spider anime if other people could hear Kumoko or not. Obviously she'd be speaking in Japanese since she never had an opportunity to learn this world's language, so only other reincarnated would understand her. This episode finally confirmed that when she talks other people hear ||REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE||.
Ok, read it now. Spoilers for Tae Yamada's backstory:
||Back in 1989 she was an office lady by day, and by night she lead a team of ghostbusters in fighting against an ancient spirit that terrorizes Saga.||
The first chapter of the Zombie Land Saga prequel manga about Tae Yamada is out, but I haven't read it yet because it's over 50 pages long.
That's what I was thinking it was going to do.
To anyone who has read the BikiWitch light novels, does anyone ever get any more open about yuri feelings, or does it mostly maintain the plausible deniability of "they're just a big happy immortal family."
Apparently Senpai in Nagatoro is a fan of a Senran Kagura parody.
||I may have misunderstood, but I thought they transferred the binding from the building to the elf, and that's also why she had to move in with them.||
BikiWitch Ep8 ||I thought Rosalie was bound to the elf, so how did she go boar hunting with them when they left the elf at home?||
Zombie Land Saga: Still good!
Shame only three episodes are left.
Spider Anime Ep 21: ||No spider!||
With no Aoi Yuki in yesterday's Spider, my Aoi Yuki levels were low.
Today's BikiWitch: ||Azusa and Beelzebub enter the Budokai Tournament||
Next week on Nagatoro: A wild Nana Mizuki appears!
<:CarolShock:730816714345938956> No Genocide?
Just that they're going to a con
Looks like one last surprise announcement coming...
https://www.twitch.tv/discotekmedia
Still on
Looking unlikely unless it's their big finish, but I think Fatal Fury is the big finish for this one.
Some clips play three seconds of footage and people are freaking out shouting it's title and even after hearing the title I have no idea what it is.
I knew about the Fatal Fury tv specials
Discotek releasing Lupin III part 5
||There's also earlier scenes of you receiving the wedding invitation and such.||

Extremely Straightforward Boyfriend and Girlfriend manga ended. Shame it's over, but it was a good end. ||Breaking the 4th wall by having the reader invited to the wedding and them personally thanking you was a nice touch.||
I also love that in French the name of the manga is just "Magical Girl, Holy Shit!"
A guilty pleasure manga is Machimaho, where a magical creature accidentally makes a chain-smoking delinquent girl into a magical girl. The art is amazing and the plot is actually interesting. It does show a lot of skin at times, but never nipples or anything.
The shinobi theme is less prevalent in some than others. Especially with the New Wave characters. Syuri, a girl in Leo's group that so far is only in New Wave, specifically has a magical girl theme.
S2 of Senran Kagura is bad. The Fubuki storyline was done much better in the Japan-only mobile game.
Madlax was the second of the "girls with guns" trilogy by Bee Train.
Noire, Madlax, El Cazador de la Bruja.
Each series had great music and involved a pair of girls traveling through a specific country and had lots of guns and yuri undertones.
It's been a long time though.
Anyone watch Madlax? I remember the maid in that being pretty good.
There's another title I confuse it with sometimes, but it's not Angel Beats. Can't remember offhand.
Cross Ange has a big old asterix on any recommendation.
I think the first half of the episode was to tie into Kotaro's stuff in the second half and ||how he's rushing to try and stop the prophecy, and apparently is getting some kind of karmic feedback for what he's been doing.||
A lot of the first half could have already been surmised, but it was nice to see some bits. ||Tae inspiring them to do their own makeup and go out on their own was new. Also, did we know before that this was the same stage where Ai died?||
Today's episode ||First half showed what happened between seasons, second half set up the two-part finale.||
Loved Tae's bit in today's episode.
I am a fanboy for like half the cast so probably biased.
?
They just had a great two-parter. Tae episode was great, Lily episode was great.
I actually did think it was Wednesday this morning, but my wife reminded me we watched Loki yesterday.
Zombie Land Saga is in the endgame now I guess.
Shame Tae's backstory got pushed to a manga instead of being in the show, but it looks like they're trying to wrap everything up.
Great bit in today's Spider: ||Aoi Yuki asks "Is the demon lord a shotacon?"||
I have two anime canvas prints on my wall. One is Symphogear XV, the other is Kill la Kill.
I had no idea Zombie Land Saga did some kind of VTuber promotion with Yugiri a couple of weeks ago:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=I_wheyosj4c
Then they adapted the visual novel Phantom: Requiem for the Phantom, which has a similar tone, but the main characters are a guy and a girl instead of two girls. Still great music though.
Today's BikiWitch: ||Everyone in the house gets to sing except Aoi Yuki||
We sometimes get anime movies in theater here, but not often. If it comes we'll probably see it. Otherwise I guess we'll see it whenever it pops online.
My wife wants to see that vtuber beauty and the beast movie thing.
So currently I'm at a potential 6, and may pick up more based on recommendations as it goes.
But is has Nana.
So far, I'm looking at basically the ones I talked about above, with the Nana Mizuki one being a maybe since I'm not familiar with the property.
I pulled up a different list, and apparently Duke of Death and his Black Maid is getting an anime. I read some of that a while back.
They even reused the design of the main girl
I read the Kanojo mo Kanojo manga. It's very entertaining. Same creator as Aho Girl.
Seems to be about a guy who hosts a children show with dancing mascots, but he secretly hates his life
Don't know anything about that one though
Nana Mizuki is going to be in one call Uramichi Oniisan
Bakarina season 2
Kobayashi Dragon Maid
Trying to find a good summer list now. Looks like Kanojo mo Kanojo anime is this summer.
I was just listing a general anime I thought was coming soon, not an Aoi Yuki one. Sorry for confusion.
Jahy-sama is a summer show isn't it?
Interesting trailer. Didn't see her character in it though. Will probably give it a chance if my summer schedule isn't too full. I haven't really looked at what's coming out yet.
Only 2 episodes of Spider and BikiWitch left. Is Aoi Yuki in anything for the summer season?
Zombie Land Saga penultimate episode: ||Saga got a lot more wrecked from that storm than I was expecting. Looking forward to the finale next week.||
Zombie Land Saga Latest Episode Spoiler: ||https://i.imgur.com/ps6AYJW.png||
Dragon Girl seemed to have some character growth from her old bully persona in the past life. I'm assuming the novels probably expanded that character growth though.
SSSS.Spider-man, Emissary from Hell with his giant robot, Leopaldon!
Superhuman Samurai Syber Squad!
I haven't seen many idol shows. Mostly Zombie Land Saga.
I've only seen the first few episodes of Yuki Yuna, but I got spoiled on some later stuff. I did like how the girl in the wheelchair ||did not magically regain the use of her legs when she transformed, and instead had ribbons that moved her around like Doctor Octopus||
https://tenor.com/view/flip-flappers-skipping-hopping-bff-anime-gif-9879185
Kill la Kill
Madoka
Maybe certain seasons of Nanoha
Flip Flappers
Superman wears Red and Blue. Lex Luthor wears Green and Purple, etc.
Primary Colors got associated with good and Secondary Colors got associated with evil in a lot of media.
This Dess Star is quite operational.
He's dating two girls from the beginning and has two others that like him but he constantly rejects them to focus on the two he has.
The manga is good. All but one character in it are totally insane.
https://tenor.com/view/so-im-a-spider-so-what-kumo-desu-ga-nani-ka-kumoko-cute-spider-kawaii-spider-gif-21768420
But in the last few weeks there have been two entire episodes with zero spider.
It's entertaining when the spider is on screen and Aoi Yuki gets to cut loose.
They had the damn guy in the chicken suit ||do the superhero landing when everyone was showing up at the concert.||
Maybe they're going with the Trigger thing of ||Suddenly, it was aliens!||
If you haven't watched Season 2, I'd at least watch the Lily, Tae, and Yugiri episodes.
Zombie Land Saga finale, giant wtf at the last ten seconds ||an alien spaceship shows up and blows everything up!?||
Zombie Land Saga finale is on now
Bookwalker sends me messages for the Japanese side for some reason, and I was clicking on one of them and saw the cover for Cheerful Amnesia listed as being on sale, and was excited because I didn't know it had been licensed...before realizing it hasn't, it's only on the Japanese side.
I wonder if the manga will just end before the story reaches the human part, or hope they've built up enough readers to go through it.
Spider Isekai is like the 2014 Godzilla: Good when the title character is on screen, but they keep cutting to these humans for some reason.
Enjoy ||Tae being Freddy Mercury.

Oh also aliens destroying everything out of nowhere.||
It goes from ZLS day to the void and then to BikiWitch day.
||There is still Kotaru to explore, as they haven't really explained his deal, and introduced a new plot point minutes before the ending by showing that he's mysteriously bleeding and hiding it from the others, implying resurrecting the girls may have taken a physical toll on him.||
I figured with Tae's backstory being in a manga, that they were planning on wrapping everything up for good with S2, since otherwise you'd think they'd save that for S3.
Now I'm not so sure.
||Having aliens blow everything up out of nowhere is either a cliffhanger for a new season, or somebody venting out their frustrations at not getting a new season. I'm not sure which.||
(doesn't know how to set the mood and get things started, obviously they both know the mechanics)
The downside is *she* had been the aggressive one that always started things in the bedroom, and her girlfriend doesn't really know how and she doesn't remember. But she very much wants to.
Baccano?
She is just so happy to wake up and find out she's a lesbian with a hot girlfriend.
Yeah, hopefully it actually does get licensed so I can add it to my collection.
The lead in that has got to be the most happily excitable person in manga.
BikiWitch Finale ||Literally just a relaxing story about running a cafe during the town festival.||
Nagatoro finale had a decent amount of Nana Mizuki.
Now time to watch BikiWitch finale.
Wait, I missed that World's End Harem is getting an anime. In the 'basically hentai' category, Parallel Paradise is definitely better written than that.
As for what I'd like to see get animated despite pushing things a bit, that would be Murcielago.
It's not like Lynn Okamoto is a stranger to 'basically hentai.' Offhand, there's also that one he wrote that the lady who draws Oshi no Ko drew for him.
The liked the white-haired elf's expressions
I found it very weird that the cat girl had both working cat ears and human ears.
Aside from Crunchyroll Originals like the pirate princess
Do we know which shows are Crunchyroll or Funimation exclusive?
I wonder how far Kanojo mo Kanojo will get in it's season? Not really a good stopping point. I guess maybe the vacation trip that Shino follows them on in Volume 4?
Godannar also did something cool in the penultimate episode ||Right when they go to deliver the final attack, before it connects the screen suddenly freezes and she says that's the last time she saw her husband alive. The end.
Had to load up the next episode then.||
Godannar runs purely on hotblooded screaming and jiggling boobs.
||Ah ok, I guess she did that when the town was worshipping her? I've only seen the anime, and her earlier interactions with this world's inhabitants seemed to imply she didn't know what they were saying and was just guessing.||
||I figured the other characters just learned it naturally from growing up. And I figured telepathy autotranslates intentions for the two babies that were shown to use that.||
Spider Finale question ||Did Kumoko ever learn the language of this world or was she using telepathy or something to understand Potemis and Ariel? Previously she seemed to just kind of guess at what people wanted when she interacted with them.||
||Also she was not impressed by that monster's plastic sword.||
I just found out what Aoi Yuki's very first role was.
||https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7RxoHr-OTo||
Makes sense. ||She would go on to get her revenge on many monsters in the future.||
Most of the manga's humor derives from all of them (except one) being incredibly stupid, but impulsive and earnest.
In the manga ||two additional girls are in love with him. One is very open about it and he keeps shooting her down to focus on the two girls he does have, and the other is still keeping it a secret.||
Manga's been entertaining, I'm about to start the anime's first episode.
Though some stuff is explained
I've considered picking up the light novels, but Aoi Yuki's voice acting was a big draw for this particular show for me. She really nailed it, and I would miss that with the book.
||I saw someone post some pages of the manga where she transformed into the Arachne, and it was entirely different from how the anime did it.||
||Shun gets mindbroken, the end!||
Ideal Sponger's Life is like 95% political intrigue between royal kingdoms.
I've only seen Konosuba in Japanese, but I remember those voice actors (especially Aqua's) putting in a ton of work in making those characters work.
It's rare to get one like Bakarina that doesn't for me.
I'm too lazy to make a list, but I will say the majority of isekai I've read have had levels and such.
"Is It Wrong to Meet Girls in a Dungeon?" has game mechanics even though it's not even an isekai.
I liked how the first episode of BikiWitch talked about levels and experience and all that, and then it pretty much never came up again. It was basically just the setup to tell you that BikiWitch is the strongest.
The big battle at the halfway point had her fighting a PS2 monster from Final Fantasy VIII or something.
I thought Kumoko's model was pretty good but everything else was very much not.
Kumoko in Spider anime is one of the most overpowered isekai protagonists I've seen and she's still constantly struggling uphill.
Too bad about the non-Kumoko scenes though.
I forgot it was Friday. Have to wait until my wife is ready to watch Bakarina, so going to watch Kanojo mo Kanojo now.
Part of what makes Kanojo mo Kanojo work (aside from everyone being an impulsive idiot) is that Saki is also clearly into Nagisa.
Crunchyroll still doesn't have a date for Fena? Maybe it'll be August like Jahy or something.
KLK was partially inspired by a live action series called Sukeban Deka, and one of the endings is even a direct reference to it:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54-pbDzUkqw
Konosuba party explicitly did not want to go on the big quest to deal with the plot, so the plot keeps coming to them instead.
||I was really afraid they were going to kill off Romy at one point, but thankfully she survived.||
So did you never get to meet ||Romy||? Because she's the best.
Needs a longer title.
"I had tickets to Symphogear Live, but suddenly reincarnated as a Symphogear gear fan without tickets, so I contemplated stealing the tickets from my former self."
One small change in Girlfriend Girlfriend is that ||in the manga, Milika wants to get Naoya to dump both his current girlfriends and exclusively date her, but in the anime she wants to be his third girlfriend.||
I'm also curious how far the anime will get. I originally figured it'd end after the hot springs getaway from Volume 4, but we're halfway through the season and already almost at that point.
Today's Bakarina episode:
||Of course gender-flipped Geordo has the biggest breasts. Cagliostro would be proud.||
Though I will give Cross Ange points for (actual ending spoilers) ||Ange choosing to be in a poly relationship because it's what she wants.||
I'd watch other stuff that's been mentioned instead of Cross Ange, though Cross Ange does have Nana Mizuki as the lead so that's a plus.
I was listing what I had seen. Cross Ange has some cringe stuff in it and a terrible male lead. Also the main villain is basically "what if an incel got godlike power?" though it is nice to see him get defeated.
Oh, Full Metal Panic as well.
With those exceptions, the only ones I can think of having seen are Big O, Godannar, Cross Ange, and Escaflowne. (I'm not counting stuff like Outlaw Star).
Of those I'd say Big O or Escaflowne I guess.
https://tenor.com/view/kumoko-shiro-shiraori-kumo-desu-ga-nani-ka-so-im-a-spider-so-what-gif-19640195
Probably also includes stuff like Escaflowne where it has a female lead...but she doesn't get a mech.
I was wondering why Jahy-sama seemed to play the end credits early for Ep 3, and it turned out they had adapted a joke bonus chapter of "Jahy in Space" as an extended after credit sequence.
On today's Girlfriend Girlfriend, everyone suffers massive mental damage and rolls ones on their saving throws.
He was a fun design for the time. Though at some point I remember they released a fully transformable figure that was also a working mp3 player, but I didn't manage to get one.
I can't remember. I had the first one on Xbox 360 and played some of the multiplayer, but it's been forever.
I wish those games weren't so hard to get. License issues made them disappear.
Yeah, he stayed on Cybertron in the original, and later cartoons didn't use him much.
https://tenor.com/view/shockwave-g1-transformers-shoot-gif-18947567
Megatron is a Walther P38 in his first version. Shockwave is a purple laser gun.
The original Megatron actually came from a whole line of toys that transformed from realistic firearms, but I think he was the only toy from that line used in Transformers (Shockwave is a futuristic laser pistol from a different line if I remember right).
Hasbro bought a bunch of different toy licenses and wanted to combine them under one umbrella. They had some writers at Marvel Comics come up with the story and characters, then had an American team write the show while had it animated in Japan. It later got ported back to Japan and they ran with it creating pretty much every show since except Beast Wars/Beast Machines (late edit: forgot about Animated and the Netflix cgi shows).
I like this DBS song:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZ86Lr2BMTI
That sort of censoring doesn't really bother me, I know what an anime butt looks like. I just found it weird they only censored it some times and not others.
Strangely sometimes they censored butts with lens flares and sometimes they didn't.
Today's episode of Girlfriend Girlfriend is quite NSFW compared to other episodes. So be careful where you watch it since all the girls spend the entire episode naked or wearing a towel.
Someone posted the "Didn't I Say to Make My Abilities Average..." OP earlier, here's the four main voice actresses (who sing the OP) dancing to it and goofing off:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzsOHxSkePU
