or rather, i wonder if it's even segregated in thatway
US server?
how are you all even finding these people D: also RIP scryeon, i had that exact problem just before the fix
that's funny
gratz
bruh
it took me 1.5 hours at 3x, so yeah
yea, i auto'd the P one myself since it was what i could
i'll probs do a couple and split
i'm aware.
🚓 got it
oh which bosses will be done?, to start making teams
ok, i'll check in around an hour then, i'll be in global channel
joining the fun, sent the FR ahegao
i'm already in tho
had to make a team so took a moment
amazing
i got 7 giga miracles from that run
fox to control, i'm in
i do
i need P's and I's myself
and speed
as in do you change the damage you deal? or straight up edit the boss' hp
just the dumb explanation of how the hack works
on that note, would you mind if i ask you a bit about the method?
definitely not miracles
i think i'll skip
guess it doesn't matter now
5 or 6 then?
i need miracles, but i also need to sleep, so i'll probs leave after these
i'll join the last two
dex and what else?
how many bosses missing?
if you're not gonna participate on a boss, don't react when the initial headcount is called
everyone pauses until everyone's in
same, saving for the next HChris, and stuff
gotcha, that's pretty much what i wanted to know, thanks
if they are do tell, i need to spend my points myself
oh god all the animations playing
standing by
who do i add?
ohi want in on the raid train
what's spookyis your chris angela
nah i didnt get in but its fine
Yea angela, less that i ran into you more that ive been putting her to work
Will there be some runs later tonight? Gonna need em big heart crystals
anyone doing heart raids the normal way then i guess D:
<:TsubasaIgnite:672861877407318047>
fug i fell asleep
yes, no, maybe? garie!
missing one now
hot dang, i need that
yea, adding you now, sec
yea i'd be up for them
no, i want bosses NAOUGHT!
same
added ya
opened the spaces
sure, sec
yea you're full
seems i don't have ya in friends, adding
i'lltry to see if i can do some damage
any plans to do raids tonight? still need some H
i'm mostly missing the extra copies xD
i only have 70 3*redjii and kurisu
well then you def do more damage than me, i take 3 entries xD
one-tap?
need the small stone item, miacle crystals
nah i need to do the normal ones now which i can solo, and i have no chance against the hard ones anyways xD
time to murder some miracles on mmy own for the remaining mats
yea, thanks a lot
H B I P are the ones i'll do.
yea, i think i have enough copies of her
could level some 3*'s i guess
finally showed up when sorted by miracle sorting, in
she's the D one right?
i did
it doesn't show for me
added
oh, gotcha
i think i don't have you added
same
wrong chat :U that said, anyone doing miracle raids? or know when we're having some sonic/ahegao runs?
yep, only 13 to go
Little by little i guess
don't have you added, so i'll do that
hmm, anyone mind helping me by taking a look at my barracks and see what i can use against miracleraid?
rip, i got literally everything i didn't need, hah.
yea, thanks for real
same, i'm consistently getting top 3 damage in random carols but no miracles
i'm doing miracle raids atm but the carols are impossible for me if they have the two adds
by that point i had the miracles, was just lacking the small stones that the normal one drops
oh dang sorry phyll for ignoring you for a whole day :X
i'm killing normals now because for some reason i get mega miracles faster than the small stone
also i see some nice downloads there boule, approved
i personally torrent everything, torrents usually have better quality and better subs. *and then i archive everything on an eHDD*
which is honestly my favorite part about stands
like comparing it to symphogear, the powercreep in symphogear is notable. and the longer the series would go, the more it would grow.
in jojo it's all about how you use your limited powers
yea, stands are REALLY good at avoiding powercreep, compared to most other fighting shows
also iirc if it didn't come up with the idea of stand, it certainly popularized it (but i'm sure it came with the idea)
best way to describe jojo is literally on the title, it's supposed to be bizarre.
haven't seen/read 6+
but my favorite has to be 2
i didn't like 5 as much as 4 comically, at least anime wise
it'd be like adapting dragon ball today, it would probably show its age (but still be popular)
also, another important thing to remember is, the show may be new, but this is an adaptation of an 80's manga
speedwagon was introduced like in ep 2
then yea, if you didn't like battle tendency you probs won't like jojo in general
i find that battle tendency is what should define if you'll like jojo or not
when you say part 1, you mean the first arc, or also watched battle tendency?
i haven't read part 6 so if you're gonna go into spoiler territory do give me a heads up please
and yea, part 4 was less about jojos and more about morioh and its inhabitants
i love keijo myself. japs have terrible taste letting it die 😦
yea, the main romance isn't gay.
but there is some gay
ok, i'll tell you that the main line in my otome is not gay
oh boy...
i just downloaded the animu -shrug-
2 different kinds of insanity imho
yea, MNGT can't be compared either
the reload
<@!195044406343106560> https://youtu.be/QRELZRPX76s?t=183
i mean whoever put the symphogear lyrics in all the monitors was a mad genius
and yea lank, when subbers have fun it's the best, as long as they don't fuck up the translation
yea, the dog had a dope revolver load animation before shooting which made it so memorable
so instead of saying "oh so that's called a mistake", he left the techigai there
the reason is that another character misunderstands and thinks that what she has is called techigai
but yea, that my hime translator note is good, unlike the keikaku one
digimon
wolf thing
http://puu.sh/FQfAO/45dd5601bd.jpg
but i can't get over how it reminds me of keikaku means plan
i mean, it makes absolute sense in context and i think the translator did it correctly
http://puu.sh/FQfzb/3dcfea341c.jpg
went to youtube to look up a scene, get welcomed by this gem
MY SIDES
f
graygarurumon was literally the revolverwol
kagutsuchi was te phoenixdragonlizard thing that shot fireballs
do you remember it hanabi? it and kagutsuchi were the coolest things ever for me
it does feature graygarurumon from the devil may c-i mean digimon series!
but iirc the MC is straight
since most of the show is about the girls
VERY little romance that i remember in hime. but there's gay characters and such
or so
hime is a battle royale type thinguie between 13 girls
that's specific to otome
but you can imagine what a bunch of girls in a school who for becoming chaste maidens might look for
all this is basic info you learn in the first ep
it's a girl's school into becoming a magical battle maiden. and if you ever have sex with a dude you lose your superpowers for life. also your superpowers can only be activated by binding yourself to a person who would become your master
ok, in the less spoileryy way possible, and talking about my otome
but it's very dangerous territory talking about the pairings
arrgh, it's just that i don't want to spoil anything.
the ovas for may otome are amazing imho tho
oh yea, all the main cast in both series is 99% women
it was apparently a joke extra in the bd's, but it had the characters from one world and showed the MC of the other world as a villain
(also hibimiku if you start watching my hime/otome do give a call, would love to get your impressions as it goes, movie never ever QQ)
the official redline BD is trash for example
yea, i much prefer the fansub versions most of the time
so up to you if you want me to tell you that tidbit
since it's not really a spoiler, but would give you an idea of troubles that may come later in the series. but you get told about it in thefirst episode
err, there's something about my otome though that is.. hard to convey
they're old though
literal battlemaidens
i did enjoy both series though, and i liked my otome a lot, has a bit of symphogear vibes with the costume designs and powers
it's... kind of plot relevant who likes who so i can't say.
but those who were gayin one universe are gay in the other
may hime also the main romance i wouldn't catalogue as gay
now my hime shares most of the cast, and came first iirc, but you can see it as an AU
i had forgotten how modern they looked
the mai otome ovas are a treat
bruh
http://puu.sh/FQgsM/99a7f89140.jpg
MC's mom was fucking OP
btw hanabi if you haven't seen the otome ovas by all means watch em
reminds me of that tekkaman blade ova
man kagutsuchi's design is so damn good
toodles
yea, hime and otome were pretty good, although i liked otome's less serious nature more
the protection aspect
oh i just remembered the zingers of both hime and otome
hibimiku send me the message too, i'm wondering if it's the same one i watched.
