dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_$
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_timely
dess_timely
<:MariaSunglasses:336656798687690752>
to be fair its pretty hard to tell the difference when youre an idiot
oh you gotta run. you gotta run as fast as you can
aha, thanks ☺
ive not sat down and watched any philosophy tube videos but ive been meaning to for a while im just lazy
[sending you the energy to do it]
thats not great!
[nods in yeah]
because im nonbinary
i dont really join many servers without...like...this is the only one ive joined that isnt made by me or my friends
dont get why people would be mean about trans memes. unless theyre...even a little transphobic
oh ouch
so...guess i have my own uniform
im so glad ive never had to go to a school with uniforms but also i wear literally nothing but sneakers and jeans and a t shirt essentially
to be fair thats an issue in the states too, with corporations only becoming lgbt+ friendly because it benefits them financially. so i dont think its surprising similar stuff happens in japan
my friend im mentioning lived in alabama, i lived there too for a long time. it was a dangerous place
the place i live now is pretty similar josh, which is really relieving to me. upside down smiley face (i dont know your name im sorry) also has a good point
canada explains a lot (not bad on you but comparing my friend lives in the southeast USA)
im not a trans woman, but one of my dearest friends is, and shes been harassed in school and called that
i took five ap classes my senior year and it was definitely an experience.
if you ever need to vent to someone about exam struggles then definitely feel free to dm me, rakhi
so...i hope that can at least be a motivator!
im very lucky that my family was...indifferent rather than hostile to me about my gender stuff, but even then, college has been super freeing for me
THEY DO  ONCE YOURE IN COLLEGE YOU JUST GIVE UP
[sends you my old dresses [SNORTS]
josh you are very very lucky. i definitely think you could use your experience in the future to be like "it was all good for me so i think itd be all good for everyone else"
yes!
im gonna make a school where you can choose if you want a skirt or pants on your uniform regardless of gender and thats it. also the uniforms are based on symphogear. im making a symphogear school
i believe it!
i knew too many people whove been traumatized by catholic school lol but i think if a uniform gives enough flexibility its fine
ill ask around the lgbt servers im in and see if they have any good recs
jesus lol im glad you left
